
                                1 of 5 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2013 William & Mary Environmental Law and
                                 Policy Review
               William & Mary Environmental Law and Policy Review

                                  Winter, 2013

              William and Mary Environmental Law and Policy Review

                    37 Wm. & Mary Envtl. L. & Pol'y Rev. 425

LENGTH: 38427 words

ARTICLE: Beyond Solyndra: Examining the Department of Energy's Loan Guarantee
Program

NAME: Hilary Kao*

BIO:


* Assistant Professor of Law, Ohio Northern University, Claude W. Pettit College
of Law, J.D. Georgetown University Law Center 1998; B.A. Brandeis University
1990. I thank James Barker and Gregory Hoover for their tireless research
assistance, my children for their patience and understanding and, most
importantly, my wife, Ja Lee Kao, for her invaluable encouragement, support and
editorial excellence.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Loan Guarantees Create Moral Hazards The argument is that beneficiaries of
loan guarantees, lenders, have a moral hazard in that they are likely to take
greater risks in the loans they make when they receive loan guarantees.  ...
Still others have criticized the beneficiaries of the program (the renewable
energy, green energy, or clean energy industries), rather than loan guarantees
as a form of government support because they disagreed with providing incentives
to these industries.  ... "Green economy" can refer to something as broad and
difficult to define as guiding principles regarding products and services as
well as the very specific fields of research, development, production, or
manufacturing in any of the following areas: renewable energy electrical
generation, alternative fuel development or production (such as hydrogen, fuel
cell or ethanol for blending), climate change technologies, reduction of
greenhouse gas emissions ("GHGs"), energy efficiency initiatives (such as smart
grid projects, improved insulation, improved energy efficient windows, and
"green" building technologies), greening of fossil fuels such as carbon
sequestration to create clean coal, or "clean tech" technologies.  ... This
Article defines "renewable energy" in the context of REI and REEGI by limiting
it to the process of converting energy from renewable resources to electricity
generation.  ... Loan Guarantees Generally A federal loan guarantee operates in
the same manner as a private loan guarantee-the guarantor provides a promise to
repay a loan by the borrower, in the event that the borrower is unable to pay.
... Beyond this simple example, loan guarantees are used by lenders in
traditional financing structures, including limited recourse project financings
often used to develop energy projects, improving credit profiles of
transactions, or mitigating specific risks.  ... In 2009, Congress expanded the
DOE's scope by adding ultra-efficient vehicle manufacturers as eligible
businesses and permitted the DOE to reconsider applications that had been timely
filed prior to January 1, 2009, but rejected because the applicants were
ultra-efficient vehicle manufacturers.  ... As detailed in Solyndra's Chapter 11
first day filings, all parties (secured lenders, the DOE, and existing equity
investors) agreed to a restructuring in February 2011 that provided first
priority security interests to existing investors serving as new lenders for $
69.3 million, plus accruing interest, costs and expenses (approximately $ 75
million at the time of the bankruptcy filing).  ... However, it should be noted
that the DOE's interpretation of permissible collateral security to be taken in
connection with a loan guarantee commitment, as well as the DOE's flexibility in
amending the terms of any guaranteed financing as part of a restructuring or
workout, remained consistent prior to and after Solyndra's restructuring and its
bankruptcy.  ... Outside the realm of direct loan guarantee programs, Fisker
Automotive, an ATVM Program loan recipient, has also received significant
attention as the DOE has suspended further draw-downs on its loan for failure to
meet milestones.  ... Verret asserted, As an example of the distortionary
effects of government guarantees on the private market, the Department of
Energy's generous $ 40 billion loan to businesses working on alternative energy
technology has caused much of the venture capital industry to focus on those
firms able to obtain funding through negotiations with the government rather
than on firms able to germinate profitable ideas.  ... This argument has
received the most widespread attention, with many allegations that supporters
and fundraisers of President Obama were loan guarantee recipients or received
special treatment, because of their status.



HIGHLIGHT:
Abstract

   In the year following the Fukushima nuclear disaster in March 2011, the
renewable and clean energy industries faced significant turmoil- from natural
disasters, to political maelstroms, from the Great Recession, to U.S. debt
ceiling debates. The Department of Energy's Loan Guarantee Program ("DOE LGP"),
often a target since before it ever received a dollar of appropriations, has
been both blamed and defended in the wake of the bankruptcy filing of Solyndra,
a California-based solar panel manufacturer, in September 2011, because of the $
535 million loan guarantee made to it by the Department of Energy ("DOE") in
2009. n1 Critics have suggested political favoritism in loan guarantee awards
and have questioned the government's proper role in supporting renewable energy
companies and the renewable energy industry generally. n2


   This Article looks beyond the Solyndra controversy to examine the origin,
structure and purpose of the DOE LGP. It asserts that loan guarantees can serve
as viable policy tools, but require careful crafting to have the potential to be
effective programs. It concludes that the DOE LGP did not have consistent or
achievable legislative directives nor did it have a reasonable timetable to
implement its Loan Guarantee Program. Overall, projects supported by the DOE LGP
are likely to remain a relatively low-risk portfolio (notwithstanding Solyndra
and several outliers). n3 This risk profile, however, reflects the DOE's failure
to meet some of its statutory goals, because the DOE had competing and
contradictory Congressional directives, dooming the Loan Guarantee Program's
ability to succeed. n4


   This Article has six sections. First, the Article examines the ambiguous
language commonly used to describe renewable energy, green energy, clean energy
and industries associated with these terms. It then defines two terms: the
Renewable Energy Industry ("REI") and the Renewable Energy Electrical Generation
Industry ("REEGI"). Second, the Article examines the state of the market for
REEGI and various challenges that face this industry. Third, the Article
describes the origin and structure of the DOE LGP and initial assessments of
this program prior to the Solyndra scandal. Fourth, the Article examines the
details concerning Solyndra's loan guarantee and bankruptcy, and asserts that
Solyndra's failure was based on market conditions and the company's business
model not on shortcomings in the DOE LGP. Few other DOE loan guarantee
recipients will follow in Solyndra's wake. Fifth, the Article analyzes the DOE
LGP and asserts that the program's contradictory legislative guidance limited
the effectiveness of the program, ensuring the program would face criticism from
all sides no matter which projects it supported. The Article also examines the
common arguments made against the DOE LGP specifically, and government loan
guarantees generally. Finally, the Article concludes that loan guarantees can be
viable policy tools, but their effectiveness depends on both the coherence of
legislative authority and implementation. In the case of the DOE LGP, competing
legislative purposes and lack of specificity hampered the program's
effectiveness.


TEXT:
 [*428]

   Introduction: Fraud, Favoritism, and Free Money


   The Solyndra scandal has garnered national attention ever since it became
evident Solyndra would file for bankruptcy during the first week of September
2011. n5 It was a shock when Solyndra filed for bankruptcy protection,
notwithstanding the fact that news of corporate bankruptcies had become
distressingly regular news since 2007. n6 Solyndra was the much  [*429]  touted
recipient of the first loan guarantee commitment n7 issued by the DOE for $ 535
million by the DOE's Loan Guarantee Program Office ("LGP Office"). President
Obama even personally visited the new factory around the time of the loan
guarantee commitment. n8 The Solyndra matter has been the subject of intense
Congressional scrutiny n9 including an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ("FBI"). n10 In light of the Solyndra scandal, some critics
asserted that the DOE LGP engages in crony capitalism, alleging that its
recipients are political donors or otherwise well-connected to the Obama
Administration. n11 Other critics simply believed loan guarantees do not work,
and pointed to the DOE LGP as an example of a failed government policy. n12
Still others have criticized the beneficiaries of the program (the renewable
energy, green energy, or clean energy  [*430]  industries), rather than loan
guarantees as a form of government support because they disagreed with providing
incentives to these industries. n13


   This Article assesses whether loan guarantee programs can serve their purpose
as policy tools for lawmakers and policymakers and whether the DOE LGP met its
goals. It aims to look beyond the politically charged Solyndra debate to
consider the origins of the DOE LGP and analyze whether the DOE LGP accomplished
its legislative missions. This Article does not consider individual allegations
of illegal or unethical activity to procure or modify loan guarantee commitments
by Solyndra or any other loan guarantee recipients. Instead, it evaluates the
more systemic critiques of the DOE LGP. In order to better understand the
framework of the various arguments against the DOE LGP, it is necessary to
untangle various issues that complicate the debate over the value of the DOE
LGP.


   The Article consists of six Parts. Part I examines the ambiguity of language
in the area of renewable energy and proposes more accurate terminology. While
there are very different views on what federal and state energy policy should
be, on a more fundamental level different groups are not even speaking the same
language. Identifying this linguistic ambiguity does not solve or even clarify
this gap, but doing so may improve the quality of debate over relative merits of
different policy positions.


   Part II highlights some of the challenges that face the REI n14 as a whole by
focusing on a subset of the REI, the REEGI. n15 The broader debate over the
appropriate role of government support for renewable energy, clean energy or
green energy, as these terms are defined below, is beyond the scope of this
Article. n16 Arguments made by critics about any support for these alternative
energy sources will be addressed in future work.


   Part III details the authorization and funding for the DOE LGP. It describes
the application process loan guarantee applicants faced, including concerns over
timing and inter-agency communication and coordination.  [*431]  It also
describes some of the government audits of the DOE LGP conducted prior to the
Solyndra scandal. Finally, it describes some industry perspectives of the DOE
LGP pre-Solyndra scandal.


   Part IV details the Solyndra story, from formation to floundering, and
finally to bankruptcy. This Part details the reasons for Solyndra's bankruptcy
and references some of the Congressional investigations conducted post-Solyndra.
This Part also describes some of the other DOE loan guarantee projects that have
failed or experienced difficulties since Solyndra's bankruptcy and
differentiates them from the balance of the DOE LGP portfolio.


   Part V analyzes the DOE LGP and concludes that its fundamental shortcoming
was that its statutory goals were unduly broad and in some cases contradictory.
For example, the DOE LGP had incompatible missions, such as supporting
innovative technologies on the one hand and supporting commercial (excluding
innovative) technologies on the other hand. n17 Contradictory congressional
directives n18 with limited guidance meant the LGP Office was doomed to
disappoint no matter what types of projects the LGP Office funded. This Part
also examines some of the critics' previous arguments against loan guarantees
and addresses their validity in the current environment.


   The Article concludes that loan guarantee programs, if properly structured,
can serve as effective policy tools. In the case of the DOE LGP, it concludes
that the initial legislative directives ensured that the DOE LGP would not meet
Congress's expectations, because of the contradictory nature of the programs.


   I. The Renewable Energy Tower of Babel


   This Part highlights the lack of linguistic precision in discussions of
renewable energy. Much like mankind in the story of the Tower of Babel, n19 the
area of renewable energy suffers from lack of clarity in the language used to
describe it. This linguistic ambiguity hinders the growth and development of
this area, because the lack of a common understanding prevents effective debate
and results in imprecise decision-making by policymakers.  [*432]  This Article
does not propose to create common definitions or even to change the many terms
presently in use, but rather seeks to identify some of the differences in
language to raise awareness of the complexity and confusion that exists in
terminology.


   Many of the terms used to describe renewable energy are amorphous, bending to
fit the particular needs of the author or speaker at the moment they are used.
This Part attempts to point out some of these terms and identify the general
differences between these terms and the way each is used. This Article defines
the terms "Renewable Energy Industry" ("REI") and "Renewable Energy Electrical
Generation Industry" ("REEGI"). It then provides context for where these terms
sit in the broader framework of other commonly used identifiers, including green
economy, green energy, clean energy and clean tech. It defines renewable energy
as a subset of both green energy and clean energy.


   A. Renewable Energy Industry and Renewable Energy Electrical Generation
Industry Defined


   This Article focuses on the REI and a subset of this industry, the REEGI. REI
is a broad characterization of industries using renewable energy in connection
with electrical generation projects, including not only developers and operators
of power from electrical generation projects, but also contractors,
manufacturers, and applied researchers contributing directly to such projects.
Technologies covered by the term REI shall include naturally occurring renewable
resources, whether or not they are regarded as depleting resources. n20


   REEGI is the industry that develops and operates electrical generation
facilities reliant on renewable energy, with an emphasis on independent power
producers, where a project or facility generates electricity for resale to a
utility. There are many participants and variations within the industry, based
on types of technology and the roles of participants (developers, contractors,
operators, as well as power purchasers). This Article focuses on facilities that
are interconnected to the generation network grid,  [*433]  rather than purely
"behind-the-meter" installations, such as homeowner installations, distributed
generation, or purely commercial operations connected to the distribution
network. n21


   B. What Is Renewable Energy?


   There is no commonly agreed definition or scope for renewable energy. In the
evolving debate over the role of renewable energy and the extent of government
support for it, many imprecise and overlapping terms are used. Some of the most
commonly used terms are "green economy," "renewable energy," "clean energy,"
"clean tech," and "energy efficiency." n22 Though these terms are commonly used
nearly interchangeably, they do not have the same meanings.


   1. Green Economy vs. Green Energy


   a. Green Economy


   The term "green economy" is often used, but it is a broad and ambiguous term
used to convey very different meanings; the Oxford English Dictionary ("OED")
defines green economy as "an economy based on or guided by environmentalist
principles; (also) the economic sector devoted to products and services which
are intended to minimize or remediate harm to the environment." n23 "Green
economy" can refer to something as broad and difficult to define as guiding
principles regarding products and services  [*434]  as well as the very specific
fields of research, development, production, or manufacturing in any of the
following areas: renewable energy electrical generation, alternative fuel
development or production (such as hydrogen, fuel cell or ethanol for blending),
climate change technologies, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions ("GHGs"),
energy efficiency initiatives (such as smart grid projects, improved insulation,
improved energy efficient windows, and "green" building technologies), greening
of fossil fuels such as carbon sequestration to create clean coal, or "clean
tech" technologies. n24 Even more confusing, the laundry list of fields in the
preceding sentence is by no means a comprehensive list of what people intend
when they use the term "green economy." n25 Some people use the term green
economy to refer to climate change initiatives focused on pricing of carbon
emissions, such as proposals for cap and trade legislation. n26 Others use the
"green economy" to refer to a transformational shift in where and how resources
are allocated, including pricing of emissions, such as carbon emissions, but
also other areas such as implementing energy efficiency initiatives. n27 Still
others intermingle the term "green economy" with other terms, suggesting that
the green economy includes clean energy and energy efficiency. n28 The term
green economy could also conceivably include all recycling industries, from
metal salvage, to consumer recycling, or even production of lower impact
consumer products, such as paper and plastics produced with recycling materials,
production or distribution of low impact products, such as bamboo plates and
silverware, or digital recording technologies. Finally, "green economy" can be
more broadly used to describe a fundamental cultural shift in the way we produce
and consume even the most ordinary consumer goods to achieve sustainability. n29
The definition of green economy is likely broader than green energy.

     [*435]

   b. Green Energy


   Green energy is a subset of the green economy which focuses on industries
related solely to energy. The OED Online defines "green energy" as "renewable
energy; energy produced or harnessed in an environmentally responsible manner."
n30 This suggests renewable energy is green energy. The definition also suggests
that the production or harnessing of energy in an environmentally responsible
manner can be considered green energy. n31 Would carbon sequestration n32 or
Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle technologies n33 for coal qualify? Likely
yes. Would conventional coal plants that are upgraded to meet new emissions
standards for carbon emissions through addition of scrubbers qualify? Perhaps,
but this seems like a less likely use of the term "green energy." From a quick
examination of these terms, it is reasonable to conclude that green energy is a
part of the green economy. The exact scope of green energy, however, is
difficult to pin down, and appears to depend on the user's threshold for what is
or is not "green." That said, "green" appears to be broader than "renewable," as
discussed below.


   2. Renewable Energy


   What does "renewable energy" mean? Interestingly, the OED defines "renewable
energy" as a synonym for "green energy." n34 Given that green energy can be
broad enough to include an increase in efficiency or reduction of emissions at
facilities that rely on fossil and conventional fuels, and not just regular
operations at facilities that use renewable resources  [*436]  like solar and
wind energy, it seems inconsistent to lump all renewable energy in with these
other concepts of energy. Using the terms described above would suggest that
renewable energy is green energy, but not all green energy is renewable energy.
For example, if we define green energy as energy harnessed in an environmentally
responsible manner, this does not necessarily require tapping of renewable
resources.


   For REI as defined in this Article, "renewable energy" is defined as the
process of harnessing renewable resources and converting their energy into
electricity. n35 The most commonly thought of renewable resources are the sun,
wind and water (the latter of which includes not only traditional hydroelectric
power generation but innovative forms like wave- and tide-generated energy).
Another natural resource is underground hot springs, the steam from which is
harnessed to produce geothermal energy. n36


   It is important to note that "renewable energy" is not always defined in such
a limited fashion. Often, the term "renewable energy" describes energy that
comes from sources other than those considered pure renewables. Other resources
that may be considered in a similar category- and require a human hand in their
creation-are substances that are a byproduct from other activity, which are then
broken down to generate electricity. Examples of this include biomass
facilities, which use either crops grown purely for energy or waste products
such as wood byproducts from forestry or paper, or even landfill waste. n37


   This Article defines "renewable energy" in the context of REI and REEGI by
limiting it to the process of converting energy from renewable resources to
electricity generation. This limitation is included because energy represents a
broad spectrum of activities and industries, more than just "electricity." It is
important to highlight the difference between energy and electricity. Energy
takes a variety of forms, only one of which is electricity. n38 Electricity, is,
therefore, a subset of energy.

     [*437]

   The term "renewable energy" is often used to describe the entire supply chain
associated with the generation of electricity, rather than simply the end
facility that actually harnesses and converts energy to electrical power. n39
Thus, it looks beyond just the REEGI to the manufacturing companies, suppliers,
and various contractors along the entire supply chain. An analogy to the
petroleum industry would be the upstream extraction element of oil and gas
production n40 and the downstream refining capacities, the associated industries
building equipment for up- and downstream activities, and professionals working
in these areas. n41 At its broadest, "renewable energy" is used to describe
upstream and downstream activities within the sector, rather than simply one end
product. It would be akin to someone saying "petroleum industry" to refer to
only independently owned gas stations. n42


   The imprecision of language can be seen in the common usage of the term
"renewable energy." Often the term is used vaguely, to capture other areas that
might not be considered renewable energy per se and certainly would not be
considered part of the REEGI. For example, alternative fuels n43 are often
described as "renewable energy" initiatives n44 and even alternative vehicle
manufacturing. n45 These technologies and industries fit better under the terms
described below.


   3. Clean Energy


   A clearer distinction is the difference between renewable energy and clean
energy. Renewable energy is a subset of clean energy; however, clean energy
spans much more than just renewables. "Clean energy" refers  [*438]  to energy
that is generated from sources that have limited or no carbon footprint, i.e.,
they have limited or no emissions of GHGs, or at least a reduced amount of GHGs
compared to the unclean version of the same energy. n46 Many of the natural
resources described under "Renewable Energy" fall within the term "clean
energy." n47 In addition to these resources, clean energy often refers to energy
derived from natural resources that may not technically be considered renewable
resources, such as geothermal energy. n48 The most important form of electricity
generation that is included within clean energy, however, is nuclear power,
which does not generate any carbon and therefore no GHGs. n49 Nuclear power
accounts for twenty percent of domestic electricity production. n50 Clean energy
often includes advances in fossil fuel-based electric generation ("conventional
generation"), n51 such as sequestration techniques for carbon to create clean
coal, including clean coal technologies ("CCT"), carbon capture and storage
("CCS") and integrated gasification combined cycle ("IGCC") electrical
generating facilities. n52

     [*439]

   A prime example of the imprecision of language is the use of "clean energy."
Consider President Obama's 2011 State of the Union address. President Obama used
the term "clean energy" five times in his address and called for eighty percent
of the country's electricity to come from clean energy sources by the year 2035,
but never specified how he planned to reach this goal or what, precisely, he
meant. n53 Commentators surmised, because of the terms he used, the lack of
definition given to them, and the significant reduction in GHGs he sought, that
his focus was going to be on nuclear energy and cleaning up conventional
generation more than on innovation in purely renewable energy sources. n54
President Obama used the term "clean energy" five times in the 2011 address, but
the term "renewable energy" just once. n55 In 2012, he did the same, using
"renewable energy" just once but referring to "clean energy" seven times. n56
Obama also used the term "American-made Energy." n57


   Perhaps President Obama's use of the term "clean energy" is accurate. Use of
this term, rather than a more narrowly tailored term, offered the President
significant flexibility in how he could reach his carbon reduction goals.


   4. Clean Tech


   The term "clean tech," short for "clean technology," is another term with no
common definition. n58 The term, however, is often used to describe  [*440]
companies, not only associated with various aspects of renewable energy, but
also a broader spectrum of ventures beyond energy. n59 The term "clean tech"
does not focus on a specific technology, but appears to have a theme of improved
efficiency in using resources, whether natural or otherwise, with an improvement
to the environment, and associated investment in these ventures and an
overriding philosophy in the manner of doing business or investing. Yet, as one
can see, the definitions commonly found for the term are not in agreement about
what is included or excluded from clean tech.


   5. Energy Efficiency


   The term "energy efficiency" is broad, though not quite as broad as "clean
tech." Generally, it refers to doing more with less energy, and is often used in
connection with building construction and energy usage. Energy efficiency covers
much more than buildings-it can apply to improvements in vehicles and aspects of
industry, from manufacturing to service, in the manner in which a company runs
its business. n60 It can include reductions in usage of resources as well. n61
Generally, it does not refer to the creation of electricity, but rather a
reduction in the amount of electricity or other energy consumed. Examples of
energy efficiency include improved insulation in walls, buildings and doors,
reduction in the use of plastics, reduction in water consumption, improved fuel
economy for vehicles, improved ability to recycle used components, and energy
star ratings for consumer appliances. n62 McKinsey & Company concluded in a 2009
report on energy efficiency that if various energy efficiency measures were
implemented at scale, they could reduce projected demand by approximately
twenty- three percent by 2020, which McKinsey estimated at 9.1 quadrillion BTUs,
and  [*441]  abate up to 1.1 gigatons of greenhouse gases annually. n63 There
has been significant focus on energy efficiency in recent legislation at the
federal level as well as at the state and local levels. n64 Some scholars have
provided recommendations for policymakers and practitioners to promote energy
efficiency. n65


   II. State of the Renewable Energy Electrical Generation Industry


   As the description of competing terms and areas evidence, REEGI is only a
component of the broader REI and clean tech areas. To provide a sense of scale
and the issues surrounding why incentives exist, this Part details the status of
the REEGI and obstacles this industry faces. As a subset of the broader REI and
clean tech, challenges for REEGI naturally reflect challenges for the broader
industries as well. If a developer cannot build a profitable generation project,
other businesses in the supply chain, such as solar panel manufacturers, are
likely unable to operate profitably either.


   A. Market Penetration


   While the REEGI has significantly increased its market penetration, it
remains a small component of our nation's overall energy generation n66 when
compared to the overall electric generation industry. n67 To offer the reader a
sense of how limited renewable energy generation penetration  [*442]  is in
meeting domestic energy usage, consider that in 2009 all renewable energy
resources contributed about 10.6 percent of net national energy production. n68
Of this aggregate production amount, conventional hydroelectric production n69
represented 3.6 percent, leaving seven percent produced by all other non-fossil
fuel or nuclear resources. n70 Wind power produced nearly 1 percent of total
energy output, geothermal power produced 0.5 percent, and solar power produced
0.15 percent. n71 Based on these statistics, renewable electric generation
appears to have significant room for development before these resources serve a
material percentage of the domestic electric generation. Studies suggest that
even a single resource like wind (as opposed to a combination of resources), if
developed, could meet significant percentages of electricity requirements for
certain regions of the country. n72


   1. Grid Parity? Not Yet


   REEGI faces an uphill battle to replace conventional generation resources.
The single largest factor that prevents more rapid implementation of REEGI is
that it costs more than conventional generation. n73 At present, the REEGI as a
whole n74 is not at "grid parity" with conventional generation. n75 Grid parity
refers to the point at which renewable energy can  [*443]  produce electricity
at the same price per unit as conventional generation. n76 Some sources question
the importance of calculating grid parity. n77 "Grid parity," like terms
describing renewable and clean energy, is vague. However, when considering REEGI
is selling power in the wholesale market to utilities (as opposed to direct
sales to retail customers), the price of power generally must be at the
purchasing utility's "avoided cost," which is the incremental cost to an
electric utility for electric energy or capacity, or both, which, but for the
purchase from the qualifying facility/(ies), n78 "the utility would have
incurred had it supplied the power itself or had it obtained the power from
another source." n79


   2. Technology Barriers: Incumbent Technologies and Stratification of
Industries


   Other barriers to the growth of REEGI include the relatively high cost of
development for renewable energy projects as compared to facilities running on
conventional fuel sources. For this Article, the reader should simply be aware
that costs to develop and operate renewable energy projects vary depending on
the type of renewable resource being harnessed as well as the technology being
used to harness the resource. n80 Projects typically focus on a single resource
and single technology to capture that resource. n81 In some instances, however,
developers have sought to combine resources where possible to share fixed costs,
such as transmission line installation, as well as renewable/conventional
generation combinations to assist in making the renewable resource less variable
with conventional generation backstops. n82 Generally, solar energy incurs the
highest  [*444]  costs to produce electricity on a per kW installed basis, while
wind energy, which is a more developed industry, is the closest to grid parity
(excluding conventional hydroelectric power). n83


   The aggregating of renewable energy by nonparticipants oversimplifies the
different issues each industry within the REEGI faces. Take an analogy to
transportation. Suppose someone is talking about the "Transportation Industry,"
the first question the speaker might get is: Transportation of what? If the
speaker refines the industry to the transportation of people, the next questions
might be: To where? And how? The inquirer might ask whether the speaker means
public or private transportation? If public, does he mean transportation by air,
water or surface? Within each of these mediums, you have different
modalities-commercial air travel, private air travel, by plane or by helicopter,
prop or jet. For water, what type of boat or ship and what destination? A
traveler might decline to travel by submarine or fishing trawler to get from
Miami to the tip of the Florida Keys, if the traveler had an offshore
cigarette-style racing yacht or hovercraft in mind. As for surface, riding on a
Greyhound bus or Megabus would be different than being chauffeured in a stretch
limousine or a sports car. And what of the regulations regarding the operators
of these different vehicles let alone the manufacturers of these different
vehicles? Depending on the scope and purpose of the discussion surrounding
policies and decision-making for the transportation industry, all of these
questions and distinctions are potentially relevant.


   While the distinctions within REEGI may not be this vast, there are similar
distinctions. A dike in the Netherlands built in 1452 is not the same quality as
the Three Gorges hydroelectric dam built in China with the largest total
installed (production capacity 18,200 MW) in the world, the construction of
which required the displacement of over 1.4 million people. n84 Similarly, a
windmill built in the 1700s is vastly different from  [*445]  the Shepards Flat
wind project constructed in 2010 near Arlington, Oregon that is capable of
producing 845MW from 338 turbines, and was anticipated to be the largest
land-based wind project in the world at the time of its construction. n85


   3. Conventional Generation


   As noted, the majority of electrical energy generation is powered by
conventional fuels, specifically coal and natural gas. n86 Coal is a significant
source of our nation's energy output, representing 29.57 percent of the nation's
primary energy production. n87 Coal is not a preferred fuel source these days
and, indeed, increasing regulations are causing a number of coal-fired power
plants to close down due to the cost of compliance. n88 In July 2011, the EPA
issued the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule ("CSAPR"), with a proposed effective
date of January 1, 2012. n89 This proposed rule faced significant resistance. As
a consequence of the EPA's plans, a number of companies announced plans to shut
down coal-fired power plants, as the cost of compliance was too great. n90 A
number of companies sought to enjoin the EPA  [*446]  from moving forward. n91
Ultimately, the EPA suspended its plans to implement CSAPR at the beginning of
the year, but a significant number of plants had already closed by the time the
EPA reversed course. n92


   In addition to coal, a number of power plants are fired by natural gas. Pure
natural gas (excluding liquid propane fired plants) generated virtually the same
amount of energy as coal at 29.46 percent in 2009. n93 All fossil fuels- coal,
natural gas, crude oil, and liquid propane-generated 77.92 percent of total
energy production in 2009. n94


   Natural gas may be having an independent renaissance that impacts the REEGI.
Techniques for extracting natural gas from shale rock formations have advanced
very rapidly through hydraulic fracturing techniques. n95 As the supply of
natural gas has expanded, the price of natural gas has dropped precipitously.
n96 This has had a negative impact on the REEGI, because there is less incentive
for private companies to develop renewable energy technology with cheap, clean
gas at the ready. n97 The  [*447]  attractive pricing for conventional
generation, given the abundance of natural gas, provides significant market
challenges to the REEGI to operate and grow.


   B. 2011-Year of Disaster and Debt Ceiling Turmoil


   Much has changed since President Obama's January 2011 State of the Union
address. In January 2011 many in the clean energy industry widely anticipated a
nuclear renaissance given the Obama Administration's support for new nuclear
generation power facilities. n98 This renaissance fizzled through events,
including the glut of natural gas resulting in exceptionally low natural gas
prices and heightened nuclear safety concerns following the Fukushima Dai-Ichi
incident after the Tohuku earthquake. n99 This changing environment dramatically
shifted the focus of the Obama Administration's energy policy efforts. n100


   After Fukushima, President Obama unveiled his energy plan. n101 The plan
proposed multiple initiatives to reduce dependence on foreign oil by reducing
oil imports by one third by 2025, expanding oil production, and increasing the
use of natural gas and ethanol in vehicles. n102 The plan also called for clean
and renewable energy incentives to support further investment and innovation in
clean energy. n103 It included a clean energy standard goal requiring that
eighty percent of electricity come from clean-energy sources by 2035. n104
Energy Secretary Chu made the case for the  [*448]  President's plan in
testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, noting in particular
that the Department was not taking a "kitchen sink" approach, rather the budget
represented work that was "being coordinated and prioritized, with a 360- degree
view of how the pieces fit together." n105


   The energy plan was not accepted by Congress. During the spring and summer of
2011, Congress and the administration struggled over various budget matters and
deficit reduction matters, marked by a divisive fight over the U.S. debt
ceiling, running down to the wire and downgrading of U.S. sovereign debt. Even
Congress's proposed budget cuts for deficit reduction through the Congressional
Supercommittee failed when the committee remained deadlocked until its deadline
in November 2011. In this contentious environment, the REI faced significant
regulatory uncertainty with various government incentives expiring in the fall
and winter of 2011. In the midst of this, Solyndra filed for bankruptcy in
September 2011, adding an additional accelerant to the already heated debates
about government support for the REI. n106


   III. DOE Loan Guarantee Programs


   A. Loan Guarantees Generally


   A federal loan guarantee operates in the same manner as a private loan
guarantee-the guarantor provides a promise to repay a loan by the borrower, in
the event that the borrower is unable to pay. This encourages the lender to make
the loan in question. The general purpose of a loan guarantee is to encourage
lending and associated investment that would not otherwise occur absent the loan
guarantee.


   Take this simple example. Suppose a student wants to buy a new car and wants
to get financing through the dealership. n107 Unfortunately,  [*449]  as a
student, she does not have sufficient credit history or a stable enough income
to qualify for a loan with a low interest rate. Rather than turn away a
disappointed customer, the lender can seek to mitigate its risk by asking the
borrower to have someone else with better credit history and qualifications to
guarantee her obligations on her car loan, such as a responsible parent. What is
the parent's liability? Assume the parent is a traditional payment guarantor
(rather than a demand guarantor); n108 the parent will be jointly and severally
liable with the student for all of the obligations on the loan. n109 At the
outset of the loan, the parent will have a contingent liability for the full
value of the loan. If the student pays the loan, the parent's liability
gradually decreases, until the loan is fully repaid. If the student fails to
make a payment, the lender may then demand that the parent make that payment. If
the student defaults on the loan, the lender can exercise its rights under the
guarantee and the parent must pay the full value of the loan. n110 Once the
parent pays under the guarantee, the parent will be subrogated to the rights of
the lender and will have all the rights of the lender against the borrower, the
student. n111


   The benefit of a guarantee is that it permits borrowers to not only obtain
financing, but to do so at a rate the borrower would not otherwise be able to
obtain. Beyond this simple example, loan guarantees are used by lenders in
traditional financing structures, including limited recourse project financings
often used to develop energy projects, improving credit profiles of
transactions, or mitigating specific risks. n112 For example, project financings
for infrastructure projects often require credit-worthy sponsors to provide
limited recourse guarantees for specific purposes, such as funding specific
construction, providing capital reserves for projects, etc. When sponsors
provide these guarantees, they are able to reduce the financing  [*450]  costs
for the borrower, thus leveraging capital more efficiently. Federal loan
guarantees operate the same way.


   B. DOE Loan Guarantee Program


   Federal loan guarantees involve a federal agency or another federally run
program providing a guarantee backed by the full faith and credit of the United
States of a loan to a private borrower. n113 The purpose of this type of federal
credit program is to attract private investment to a specific area or to
facilitate a specific activity. The Loan Guarantee Program Office's description
of its various programs sets forth the eligibility requirements for each loan
guarantee program. n114 The effect of the federal guarantee is to lower the
borrower's cost of borrowing, because the improved likelihood of repayment to
creditors improves the borrower's credit profile to prospective lenders. Like a
private guarantor, if the borrower defaults, then the federal government steps
in and makes loan payments on behalf of the borrower. The government, as
guarantor, then has a right of subrogation against the borrower after demand is
made on the guarantee by the lender. n115 As in the private market, the
guarantor charges the borrower a  [*451]  fee for this credit support. However,
unlike the private market, the cost of a federal guarantee may not directly
correlate to the risk profile of the debtor. Thus, the incentive element of the
government's involvement is to stimulate a sector of the economy that would not
have access to credit markets at reasonable rates of interest. Loan guarantees
are often viewed as a cost-effective government incentive, as they provide
contingent support to areas where the government seeks to stimulate private
investment and the loan guarantees are often structured to be self- financed.
n116


   1. Authorizing Legislation


   The latest version n117 of loan guarantees managed by the DOE was initially
authorized by Congress under Title XVII of The Energy Policy Act of 2005 ("EPAct
2005"). n118 EPAct 2005 required the DOE to solicit proposals from a wide
variety of eligible renewable energy and clean technologies to support their
development through federal loan guarantees. The scope and array of renewable
and clean energy technologies the DOE was tasked with advancing through the loan
guarantee programs was very broad, perhaps too broad. n119 This Article focuses
on the two principal loan  [*452]  guarantee programs administered by the DOE,
the Section 1703 Program n120 and the Section 1705 Program. n121 This Article
also discusses the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturers Loan Program
briefly, as this program has been lumped together with the 1703 and 1705
programs by supporters and detractors alike. n122


   2. Funding


   The authorizing legislation to establish the DOE LGP was first passed in
2005; however, because of a lack of funding, establishing the LGP Office was a
slow process. n123 Neither the program nor the to-be-formed office received
appropriations under EPAct 2005. n124 In 2007, Congress provided appropriations
for issuing guarantees as well as for administrative expenses to staff the LGP
Office. n125 In 2008, as part of the federal response to the Great Recession,
n126 Congress passed the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ("EESA").
n127 Better known for the Troubled Assets Relief Program ("TARP"), n128 the EESA
also included a number of provisions  [*453]  focused on the REI, including
appropriations for the 1703 Program. n129 Within months of passing the landmark
EESA legislation, which initially authorized $ 700 billion in spending according
to the CBO, n130 Congress passed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009 ("ARRA") with an even more ambitious projected cost of $ 787 billion. n131
Title IV of the ARRA authorized the 1705 Program. n132 Both the EESA and ARRA
were enormous pieces of legislation designed to stabilize the U.S. economy and
jump start the country out of recession by improving confidence and liquidity
and stimulating job creation. Both pieces of legislation included significant
provisions aimed at the REI and clean tech industries. n133


   The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 separately created and
provided appropriations for the DOE for the Advanced Technology Vehicle
Manufacturing Program ("ATVM Program"), n134 which provides direct loans for
advanced technology vehicle manufacturers. n135 The ATVM Program is not a loan
guarantee program. It will be briefly described here because the LGP Office
administers this program in addition to the 1703 and 1705 Programs, and because
the ATVM Program is often considered in tandem with the loan guarantee programs.
n136


   With the additional resources allocated in 2009, the staff of the LGP Office
grew dramatically in size to handle processing existing and  [*454]  new loan
applications. The DOE issued solicitations from time to time seeking applicants
for loan guarantees. The solicitations ranged from broad requests covering all
eligible technologies to very specific applications seeking to develop a niche
area. n137


   Since the legislation in 2008 and 2009, no additional funds have been
appropriated for Title XVII, despite the Obama Administration's efforts to
obtain additional appropriations in the 2011 fiscal year and 2012 fiscal year
budgets. n138 In March and April 2011, a number of critics sought to defund the
LGP Office and Title XVII altogether as evidenced by the budget plan introduced
by the House of Representatives. n139 Nevertheless, the administration sought
additional funding even in the summer of 2011 for both the 1703 and the 1705
Programs. n140


   The funding for the 1705 Program was provided under the ARRA sunset on
September 30, 2011. The DOE was able to issue loan guarantee commitments for
approximately $ 10.5 billion in projects in August and September 2011. n141 As
with many other industries in the private sector, the REEGI and the broader REI
remained on the sidelines waiting for Congress and the White House to act.
Uncertainty regarding budget  [*455]  cuts caused many businesses to place
further investments of capital on hold pending action by the Congressional
Supercommittee. n142 When the Congressional Supercommittee admitted failure in
November 2011, n143 market uncertainty increased. During this period of
legislative and regulatory uncertainty, neither the REI nor the REEGI have
received additional government support, especially since the negative attention
Solyndra attracted.


   In addition to the lack of funding and the limited time the DOE had to
implement the LGP, the DOE's funding suffered from the same legislative
impediment as its authorizing legislation and mission: Congress was either too
specific n144 or too broad. n145 Neither spectrum offered the DOE a proper
roadmap to implement the DOE LGP in a productive manner.


   3. The 1703, 1705, and ATVM Programs


   The LGP Office administers three programs: the 1703 Program, the 1705
Program, and the direct loan ATVM Program. While the LGP Office administers the
ATVM Program, it will be discussed later. Projects that were eligible to receive
loan guarantees under the 1703 or 1705 Programs had to fall into two general
categories. The project either had to employ an innovative or significantly
improved technology, n146 or it had to employ  [*456]  a commercial technology
project. n147 The type of technology a project employed in both categories was
measured at the time of the loan guarantee application. New technology projects
could have applied under either the 1703 Program or the 1705 Program. Commercial
technology projects were limited to the 1705 Program. Each of the 1703 and 1705
Programs had specific eligible technologies in their authorizing language.


   Another significant difference between the 1703 Program and the 1705 Program
was whether the applicant had to pay cost of a loan guarantee, called the credit
subsidy cost ("CSC"), as calculated by OMB or whether Congressional
appropriations were available to fund the applicant's CSC. n148


   a. The 1703 Program


   The 1703 Program, initially authorized under EPAct 2005, was created to
provide loan guarantees to a broad range of technologies. n149 Applicants had to
demonstrate that their projects would meet two principal characteristics, to (1)
"avoid, reduce or sequester air pollutants or anthropogenic emissions of
greenhouse gases and (2) employ new or significantly improved technologies as
compared to commercial technologies in service in the United States at the time
the guarantee is issued." n150 The intent of this innovative technologies
program was to assist cutting edge clean and green technologies to bridge the
gap from start-up funding to full commercialization. n151 The 1703 Program
further  [*457]  provided that projects must demonstrate a reasonable prospect
of repayment of the loan. n152


   Notwithstanding the initial creation of the DOE LGP under EPAct 2005, the Act
did not provide any appropriations authority for the program, nor were any funds
available to perform administrative functions to create the DOE LGP. n153
Congress did not appropriate funding for Title XVII until mid-2007. n154 During
this interim period, the DOE temporarily reassigned staff to build the LGP
Office and take steps necessary to promulgate regulations and create procedures
to run the LGP office. n155 However, the lack of funding hampered the DOE's
efforts to build up the office and take various steps to implement legislation,
including setting up procedures and risk controls, promulgating regulations, and
hiring staff. The LGP Office did not issue final regulations for the 1703
Program until October 23, 2007. n156 It was generally understood that during the
Bush Administration, establishment and staffing of the LGP Office were not a
high priority. n157

     [*458]

   When Congress finally made funds available, it appropriated funds to the DOE
with earmarks for the 1703 Program. n158 The wide range of technologies funded
included: (1) energy efficiency, renewable energy and advanced transmission and
distribution ($ 10 billion); (2) nuclear power facilities ($ 18.5 billion); (3)
"front end" nuclear fuel cycle facilities ($ 2 billion); (4) coal-based power
generation, industrial gasification and carbon capture and sequestration ($ 6
billion); and (5) advanced coal gasification ($ 2 billion). n159 The breadth of
technologies covered by the 1703 Program was far beyond just REEGI. Clean and
green energy technologies, not simply renewable energy technologies, were well
represented. n160 In addition, clean technology initiatives like energy
efficiency and improvements in transmission grids were also included in the mix
of earmarked funding. n161


   b. 1705 Program


   The LGP Office's role expanded when the 1705 Program was implemented as part
of the ARRA, which was passed just a few weeks after the Obama Administration
took office. n162 The ARRA was originally estimated to cost $ 787 billion when
it was passed in 2009. This estimate was revised in 2011 to $ 840 billion as a
result of scoring changes made by the Congressional Budget Office ("CBO") and
the Office of Management and Budget ("OMB") to reflect President Obama's FY2012
Budget. n163 Three principal goals of the ARRA were to (1) create new jobs and
save existing ones, (2) spur economic activity with investment in long-term
growth, and (3) foster accountability and transparency in government spending.
n164


   The funding for the ARRA fell into three general categories: (a) tax cuts and
benefits for families and businesses, (b) increased federal funding for
entitlement programs, such as unemployment benefits, and (c) funds allocated for
contracts, grants and loans. n165 The third category was projected  [*459]  to
distribute almost $ 244 billion in contracts, grants and loans to a variety of
recipients. n166 Within this category, $ 14 billion was initially earmarked to
support energy efficiency and renewable energy. n167 The 1705 Program was
created as one component of this package. As a consequence of these three
objectives, many aspects of the ARRA, including the 1705 Program, had a limited
lifetime; the effectiveness of programs, and thus the continuation of funding,
was to be measured by the primary criterion of whether the funded programs
created or retained jobs. n168


   The 1705 Program differed from the 1703 Program in several respects. First,
the scope of projects that could be supported under the 1705 Program was limited
to fewer categories of technologies than the 1703 Program. The 1705 Program
could support "(1) [r]enewable energy systems, including incremental hydropower,
that generate electricity or thermal energy, and facilities that manufacture
related components, (2) [e]lectric power transmission systems, including
upgrading and reconductoring projects, and (3) [l]eading edge biofuel projects
that will use technologies performing at the pilot or demonstration scale . . .
." n169


   Second, Congress appropriated funds for the 1705 Program to cover the CSC for
projects, which could be very substantial, rather than requiring applicants to
bear the cost of the CSC. n170 Congress initially appropriated $ 6 billion for
CSCs in loan guarantees issued under the 1705 Program, which it quickly cut to $
4 billion within six months after the initial appropriation to free an
additional $ 2 billion in funding for the Cash for Clunkers program. n171


   The LGP Office issued five solicitations under the 1703 Program before
Congress created the 1705 Program. n172 As one might imagine, to  [*460]  the
extent an applicant was eligible under both Programs, the applicant preferred to
be considered under the 1705 Program rather than the 1703 Program, because the
applicant's CSC would be covered by appropriations from the 1705 Program. Given
both the staggered timing of solicitations issued by the LGP Office and the
limits on technology, not all 1703 Program applicants could take advantage of
their eligibility under the 1705 Program. However, pending applicants which were
eligible under both programs were permitted by the LGP Office to have their
application considered under the 1705 Program eligibility requirements. n173
This aided the LGP Office's efforts to meet statutory deadlines by funding
projects that could start construction before September 30, 2011. n174


   In addition to the LGP Office's reprogramming of existing applications, the
LGP Office also issued a commercial technology solicitation to target renewable
power systems projects employing commercially available technologies n175 with
preexisting financing commitments. This solicitation, the Financial Institutions
Partnership Program ("FIPP"), featured a partial-risk sharing loan guarantee
program with project lenders serving as the applicants for these renewable
energy generation projects. n176 As with other sectors in the economy, such as
the housing construction industry and the small business community, the
financial crisis resulted in a virtually complete evaporation of sources of
capital and financing for renewable energy projects. n177 The intent of FIPP was
to create a government funding option for creditworthy financeable commercial
technology projects that, but for the credit crisis and resulting lack of bank
liquidity, would have been financed and built. n178 This difference in purpose
resulted in FIPP having a different structure. The DOE was to review projects
that  [*461]  were "shovel-ready." The applicant to the DOE was not the project
developer itself, but the bank consortium that sought to finance the project.
n179 The banks, as the applicants, shepherded the application through the DOE
process and provided the DOE with all the due diligence they had already
performed on the project. n180 The project being submitted needed to have
already obtained all requisite equity and financing to commence construction on
a commercially sound project with conventional technology, and completed tasks
like obtaining an indicative and satisfactory credit rating for the project's
debt. n181 The guarantees available under FIPP also differed from guarantees
under the 1703 Program. The guarantees under FIPP were partial risk guarantees,
covering only eighty percent of costs instead of one hundred percent of the loan
value as under the 1703 Program. n182 The applicant banks under FIPP thus had to
have at least twenty percent the loan uncovered. n183


   As with other DOE solicitations, the FIPP application process was extremely
detailed. The primary difference, given that the private lender (rather than the
project developer) was the applicant under FIPP, was that the LGP Office
required the lender-applicants to provide all the due diligence documentation
they had gathered in preparation for their private financing, such as all
independent technical, development, operational, financing and legal due
diligence matters on the project, just like the due diligence standards for
traditional limited recourse project financing. n184 In addition to traditional
financial due diligence, the LGP Office also imposed statutory requirements on
applicants, such as demonstrating compliance with the Davis-Bacon Act, n185
which regulates wages; with the National  [*462]  Environmental Protection Act;
n186 with the Buy American Act; n187 and providing indicative credit ratings
from two independent rating agencies on the transaction. n188 The FIPP
solicitation, which focused just on commercial REEGI projects, and not
manufacturing, transmission or biofuels projects, required traditional project
finance structural risk mitigation. n189 The projects had to provide evidence of
various contractual risk mitigants, such as long term offtake contracts for the
electricity generated by the project with creditworthy sponsors (typically
utility companies), engineering, procurement, and construction ("EPC") contracts
for the facilities, as well contracts for marketing of any renewable energy
credits. n190 The FIPP Solicitation's focus on REEGI highlighted the DOE's
conflicting missions to support innovative technologies on the one hand,
commercial technologies on the other hand, yet in each case limiting the risk of
default to taxpayers. n191


   c. Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturers; ATVM Program


   While not a loan guarantee program, the ATVM Program is also administered by
the LGP Office. n192 Pursuant to Section 136 of the Energy Independence and
Security Act of 2007 (the "EISA"), the DOE was authorized to make direct loans
to manufacturers of advanced technology and ultra-efficient vehicles, or the
component suppliers or engineering integrators for such vehicles. n193 The
statute provided that the DOE may make direct loans for up to thirty percent of
the cost of reequipping, expanding, or establishing manufacturing facilities in
the United States for any of the  [*463]  eligible activities described above.
n194 In 2009, Congress expanded the DOE's scope by adding ultra-efficient
vehicle manufacturers as eligible businesses and permitted the DOE to reconsider
applications that had been timely filed prior to January 1, 2009, but rejected
because the applicants were ultra-efficient vehicle manufacturers. n195 The DOE
made direct loans under the ATVM Program to several manufacturers, including
Fisker Automotive and Tesla Motors, both manufacturers of plug-in electric/
hybrid cars, as well as to Ford Motor Company and Nissan North American Inc. in
order to repurpose existing manufacturing facilities to produce electric or
hybrid vehicles and improve vehicle fuel efficiency. n196 Of all the projects
supported by the DOE, ATVM projects have generated by far the greatest number of
permanent jobs, n197 which was one of the benchmarks for measuring the success
of ARRA implementation. n198 The DOE's success in job creation as a criterion of
ARRA has been driven in large part by the DOE's funding of manufacturing jobs,
with ATVM playing a significant role in this area. n199


   4. OMB's Role in Loan Guarantee Programs


   a. Background


   OMB is involved in the DOE loan guarantee program under its oversight
authority for any credit subsidy calculations done by agencies  [*464]  pursuant
to the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ("Credit Reform Act" or "FCRA"). n200
Before the Credit Reform Act, agencies would not seek appropriations for these
contingent obligations and kept them as off-budget items. Only when the
contingencies arose and losses resulted, would the agency seek appropriations.
This pattern was problematic, as agencies would implement federal credit
programs without sufficient consideration for the fiscal consequences and did
not take into account risk of loss appropriately when implementing these
programs. n201


   The Credit Reform Act was passed to remedy this pattern of federal agencies'
budgeting for federal credit programs such as loan guarantee programs and loan
insurance programs. n202 When implementing FCRA, policymakers recognized that
booking the full loan amounts was not accurate because these federal credit
programs represented contingent, not definitive, obligations. n203 Some interim
legislative changes required budget appropriations to be obtained. The final
solution, embodied by the Credit Reform Act, was to create a new system of
booking these contingent obligations. n204 The Credit Reform Act requires the
expected loss, rather than the full original loan amount, be booked and
appropriations authority be sought for this lesser amount. n205


   b. OMB Guidelines


   The Credit Reform Act provides that OMB is required to assess costs to the
tax payer of credit programs by agencies, such as loan guarantee programs. OMB's
Circulars A-129 and A-11 provide federal agencies guidance on creating and
maintaining federal credit programs, and set forth OMB's responsibilities. n206
A principal aspect of OMB's review process as required by Circular A-11 is that
OMB must calculate the CSC, which reflects an estimated net present value of the
aggregate potential  [*465]  cost or gain to the tax payer of a specific project
on a discounted contract cash flow basis. n207


   Once a final loan guarantee commitment is made, the CSC amount is booked. The
amount is subject to re-estimation annually. n208 If the agency's original
estimate is too low, because, for example, it assumed too low a default rate,
then resources must be apportioned to cover the shortfall. n209 Section 504(f)
of FCRA permits indefinite budget authority for such reapportionment. n210 If
the agency's estimate was too high and the CSC is reduced, this similarly
requires re-estimation and reductions to specific budgetary authority to account
for any offsetting additional receipts. n211


   c. OMB Process with DOE


   Notwithstanding the detailed guidance OMB provides in its circulars, OMB does
not make publicly available the proprietary financial model it uses to determine
the CSC, called the Credit Subsidy Calculator 2. n212 The process to calculate
the CSC for each loan guarantee involves an  [*466]  extended process between
the DOE and OMB where the DOE provided OMB credit subsidy models for each
project and OMB provided feedback. n213 OMB's risk modeling generally was not
shared with the DOE. OMB's review took significantly longer than the DOE's
initial response to applications. n214 This lack of transparency in performing
risk calculations created uncertainty for applicants, because they could not do
their own calculations to determine the CSC.


   The OMB/DOE's CSC calculation process significantly impacted the DOE LGP. As
reported by the DOE Office of the Inspector General in February 2009, it took
the LGP Office fifteen months of negotiation with OMB to reach agreement on the
model to calculate the CSC. n215 Even after reaching agreement on the financial
model, OMB had not approved the CSC for projects, including the 1703 Program
projects. n216 In one instance, an applicant under the 1703 Program for a
nuclear generation loan guarantee, Constellation Energy, publicly announced its
decision to withdraw its application after OMB finally released a CSC
calculation for the project. n217 In that case, OMB calculated the CSC to be $
880 million, or 11.6 percent of the total proposed loan guarantee amount of $
7.5 billion. n218 Under the 1703 Program, this amount would be payable by the
applicant and, as Constellation Energy noted, this amount would be in addition
to any financing costs the applicant would incur in constructing the project.
n219

     [*467]

   Energy Secretary Steven Chu noted that the inter-agency process slowed the
review process for loan guarantees. He also noted that statutory constraints on
the DOE meant that DOE could not invest in more speculative projects to enhance
innovation, n220 highlighting the dichotomy of the DOE LGP's mission of
supporting both innovative technology projects and commercial technology
projects, while reducing the DOE's exposure to project defaults in both
instances.


   The lack of transparency and delays by OMB did not go unnoticed by Congress.
In the fall of 2010, Senator Jeff Bingaman expressed a view that OMB represented
a choke point in the release of federal loan guarantees under the DOE LGP during
the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee's ("SENR Committee") hearings,
stating "[a]s far as I can tell from the testimony today they [OMB] are a
significant part of the problem . . . . We will continue to pursue their
perspective on this so we can get this loan guarantee program working as we
think it should." n221 The hearing generally revealed that OMB was an integral
part of the process, yet no one testifying from the DOE or industry suggested
that OMB was to blame. n222 Rather, witnesses, including Jonathan Silver of the
LGP Office, noted that startup programs have growing pains and that interagency
cooperation was the best it had been. But given the starting point, this may or
may not have been a compliment for OMB's responsiveness. n223 The SENR
Committee's  [*468]  support of the DOE and the LGP Office was in sharp contrast
to the hearings by the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Oversight and
Government Reform Committee regarding Solyndra and the DOE LGP. n224


   Shortly after the SENR hearing on OMB and Constellation's public withdrawal,
senior advisors and cabinet secretaries met to brief the President on the issue
of the OMB review process for the DOE LGP and possible solutions. n225 The
briefing memo, dated October 25, 2010, was jointly prepared by Carol Browner,
Energy Advisor to the President; Ron Klain, Chief of Staff to Vice President
Biden; and Larry Summers, Director of the National Economic Council, in advance
of the President's meeting with Treasury Secretary Geithner and Energy Secretary
Chu to discuss options for the 1705 Program. n226 The memo proposed four
alternatives to address the delay in issuing loan guarantees: (1) limit OMB and
Treasury oversight to permit the DOE greater management of the process, (2)
create clear policy principles before any funds were disbursed, (3) create an
expedited review by Treasury and OMB, or (4) reprogram 1705 Program funds to a
different renewable energy incentive program managed by Treasury. n227 The
briefing memo also focused on the risk of providing multiple subsidies. The
apparent resolution from the meeting was a commitment by the  [*469]  DOE, OMB,
and Treasury to streamline the review process. n228 Despite the briefing memo
and meeting, no significant changes were made to the 1705 Program. n229


   C. Pre-Solyndra Assessments of the DOE Loan Guarantee Program


   1. Government Audits


   The U.S. Government Accountability Office ("GAO") and the DOE's Office of
Inspector General ("DOE OIG") have conducted several audits of the LGP Office
since the Office's creation. These reports were produced for either
Congressional committees and subcommittees or the DOE. n230 These reports
highlighted various issues that have arisen within the DOE LGP since its
creation in 2005. The reports raised different issues that evolved as the LGP
developed and gained funding, with several consistent assertions by the auditing
bodies.


   The GAO and DOE OIG reports improved over time. Initially, these offices
expressed concern about the lack of guidelines and regulations, as well as
evaluation criteria. n231 As the LGP Office received funding and staffed up, it
was able to address a number of these early concerns. By 2010, the GAO's
recommendations had narrowed in scope to address four principal issues. n232 In
2011, the DOE OIG was principally concerned about the LGP Office's
record-keeping procedures. n233

     [*470]

   2. Industry Perspectives


   When the 1705 Program was introduced as part of the ARRA, many in the REI
community were supportive and optimistic about the potential to jump start their
stalled industry in the midst of the Great Recession and financial crisis. n234
The 1703 Program had existed since 2005, yet no loan guarantee commitments had
been issued. The 1705 Program offered hope to the industry, given the
appropriations for the cost of the CSC and expansion to commercial technologies
in certain areas. Some industries, such as the solar renewable energy industry,
were very supportive of the 1705 Program. n235 However, the short program life
of the 1705 Program was viewed as limiting the program's scope and potential
effectiveness. n236 In addition, the program eligibility requirements as
implemented by the LGP Office were less favorable to certain renewable energy
industries. The president of the Renewable Fuels Association wrote an open
letter to Energy Secretary Chu about the program's eligibility criteria and
difficulty for cellulosic ethanol producers to meet the criteria, because the
program requirements did not conform to the realities of the ethanol business.
n237


   Beyond the 1705 Program scope and eligibility debate, some advocates,
including financiers and other industry participants, supported a broader
approach to government promotion of the REI through a more ambitious proposal to
create a separate green bank, similar to the Export-Import Bank of the United
States. n238 Their proposed agency was titled  [*471]  the Clean Energy
Deployment Administration ("CEDA") and would have greater autonomy and budgetary
authority to make direct loans and issue loan guarantees. n239


   Practitioners across the energy field worked to identify the key elements of
the 1705 Program and watched carefully as the DOE implemented the program and
issued several solicitations under the auspices of the 1705 Program. n240 One
group of practitioners authored an article on the 1705 Program and offered five
recommendations on the structure of the program to improve its effectiveness
n241 (I refer to the authors as the "PF authors"). First, the PF authors noted
there is a "fundamental tension between the statutory goals of the Loan
Guarantee Program and the selection criteria employed in granting loan
guarantees." n242 The PF authors noted that while the statutory goals include
promoting innovative technology, the DOE's criteria relied heavily on the
creditworthiness or "bankability" of an applicant to determine whether to select
a project. n243 The PF authors asserted this would likely prevent many of the
innovative projects from moving forward because they were less likely to have
the requisite financial support to meet this requirement. n244


   Second, the PF authors observed that many application requirements were
overly burdensome, such as paying application fees up front and in full. n245 In
addition, the PF authors noted requiring applicants to obtain preliminary credit
ratings would impose time and cost burdens on  [*472]  applicants that could
have a negative impact on the quality of applications due to self-selection.
n246 They recommended (a) permitting applications to be received on a rolling
basis rather than during the limited periods provided to respond to
solicitations issued by the DOE, (b) permitting application fees to be remitted
later in the process, and (c) eliminating credit rating requirements or
deferring them until later in the process. n247


   Third, the PF authors noted the inconsistency in traditional financing
techniques and other existing loan guarantee programs, such as those used by the
Overseas Private Investment Corporation and Ex-Im Bank compared with what the
DOE had proposed for collateral arrangements and intercreditor issues. n248 The
DOE guidance required the DOE to have superior rights on collateral disposition,
required non-guaranteed debt to have the same loan tenor as guaranteed loans (as
much as thirty years) and did not permit stripping of non-guaranteed debt in
sale or participation of debt. Additionally, DOE guidance permitted the DOE to
ask for additional collateral beyond the project assets. n249 The PF authors
noted these various requirements were not consistent with traditional project
financing techniques in the private sector or other government programs and were
not likely to be well received. n250


   Fourth, the PF authors highlighted that the DOE required equity contributions
to be "cash equity," which would affect the scale and type of applicants,
because other forms of equity were not permissible. n251


   Finally, the PF authors noted that the DOE loan guarantees, as originally
described, were only available for loans and other debt obligations, which
limited some of the more common financing structures for renewable energy
projects that have equity components to take advantage of tax credit incentives,
such as sale- leasebacks, lease pass-throughs and partnership flip financing
structures. n252

     [*473]

   3. Analysis


   The PF authors were not the only ones commenting on the 1705 Program. Other
professionals in the industry, as well as developers, financiers, trade groups
and interested groups had many comments for the DOE. n253 It listened. The DOE
reviewed and revised its regulations in the fall of 2009. n254 The DOE addressed
a number of the issues raised by the PF authors, as well as other comments from
the public. n255 The DOE updated its regulations to permit a variety of
transaction and financing structures consistent with limited recourse project
financings in various other segments of the renewable energy market to expand
eligibility for DOE loan guarantees. n256 The DOE also modified its
interpretation concerning collateral security, project ownership, and the type
of equity that could be contributed. n257


   The fundamental tensions the DOE faced were much greater than the tension
between innovation and bankability raised by the PF authors in the Title XVII
paper described above. The PF authors questioned whether truly innovative
projects on the cusp of commercialization could meet the application
requirements set by the DOE, such as indicative credit ratings. n258 The DOE
focused on tensions that were even broader. It was supposed to support both
innovative projects (defined as ones not in widespread commercial use) and
commercial technology projects (defined by the number of commercial
applications-in use by three or more projects for a period of at least five
years). n259 Furthermore, the DOE was supposed to support projects that could
demonstrate a reasonable prospect of repayment. The DOE had to support projects
across a wide spectrum of technologies, each of which posed different risks, not
only during the development stage but also during operation. n260 The DOE was to
support REEGI projects, but also manufacturing projects. The DOE had to support
projects that would have been built without government support, but for the lack
of financing  [*474]  generally available in the market, as long as these
projects commenced construction by September 30, 2011. n261 Yet under the 1703
Program, the DOE also had to support projects that could pay their own CSC. n262
In reviewing the independent assessments of the DOE, a common critique was the
DOE's lack of adequate performance metrics. Given the DOE's broad and
inconsistent mandate, it is hard to envision how the DOE could have
across-the-board performance metrics, or even solicitation-specific performance
metrics, given the lack of similarity of projects. The GAO noted this
fundamental challenge to the DOE LGP in its 2008 report when it stated:


   Further, DOE will not gain significant experience in each technology because
the program's objective is to commercialize a limited number of each type of
innovative technologies. Therefore, the types of projects will, by design,
evolve over time, and the experience and data that DOE gains may not be
applicable to evaluating the risks of projects applying in the future. n263


   Undaunted by the challenges of inconsistent and conflicting legislative
intent between its loan guarantee programs, the LGP Office moved forward to
approve loan guarantee commitments. n264 The LGP Office issued its first
conditional loan guarantee commitment under the 1705 Program in March 2009, and
finalized this commitment in September 2009-four years after the DOE LGP was
initially authorized. n265 Solyndra was the first recipient of a conditional
loan guarantee commitment. n266 By the end of the 1705 Program's availability
period, the LGP Office issued loan guarantee commitments for approximately $
10.2 billion of projects in August and September 2011. n267

     [*475]

   IV. Solyndra Story


   A. Changing the Landscape


   Solyndra's bankruptcy in September 2011, n268 has been detrimental to the
image of the REI and has highlighted the role that government incentives play in
the industry. Solyndra opened the door to critics challenging the effectiveness
of the DOE LGP and questioning the broader role of government incentives for the
REI.


   B. Background


   Solyndra was founded in May 2005. n269 Solyndra's product, a cylindrical
photovoltaic panel, was designed to make installations on rooftops significantly
easier and thus more cost effective than traditional flat panel photovoltaic
systems. n270 Solyndra's panel also required less polysilica to create, which
permitted the company to achieve a price advantage through its manufacturing
process. n271 The company grew rapidly and began commercial shipments of its
photovoltaic systems in July 2008. n272 Solyndra planned an initial public
offering for 2010 and filed a Form S-1 with the Securities Exchange Commission
in December 2009. n273


   Solyndra first submitted a pre-application for a loan guarantee in December
2006 under the 1703 Program to finance the construction of an additional
manufacturing facility in Fremont, CA, for its thin film cylindrical
photovoltaic solar panels. n274 Solyndra initially applied as an eligible
[*476]  renewable energy manufacturing facility. n275 The DOE reached out to
Solyndra and fifteen other qualifying companies and invited them to submit full
applications under the 1705 Program following the authorization of and
appropriations for the 1705 Program. n276 Under the 1705 Program, innovative
technologies applicants were eligible for full loan guarantees, where the
lending, as well as the loan guarantee, was provided by the Federal Government
through the Federal Financing Bank ("FFB").


   In March 2009, Solyndra received a conditional commitment for a $ 535 million
loan guarantee from the DOE; it was the first DOE loan guarantee provided
through DOE LGP. n277 At the time of the initial loan guarantee, Solyndra was
touted by the Obama Administration as an example of the success of the
clean-tech economy, the future of jobs in a green economy, and America's
preeminence in the field. n278 As one of the loan guarantees funded as part of
the ARRA, the loan guarantee was intended to meet the Act's goals of creating
jobs. The DOE made a final commitment to Solyndra for this loan guarantee in
September 2009. n279


   However, Solyndra experienced financial difficulties despite having received
the DOE loan guarantee commitment. n280 Solyndra suspended its attempt to float
a public offering and pulled its registration statement in the middle of 2010.
n281 Solyndra worked to stabilize its finances and engaged in  [*477]  a
restructuring in February 2011, which yielded an additional $ 75 million of
equity investments. n282 One component of the 2011 restructuring permitted the
new investors to have a senior secured position to the federal government's loan
guaranteed by the DOE. n283 News sources also reported another significant
component of the restructuring was the subordination of over $ 1 billion of
equity previously contributed to Solyndra. n284


   Solyndra was in trouble many months before it filed for bankruptcy. Sources
detailed Solyndra's efforts to raise capital, along with its cost structure and
capital intensive business, as well as the decreased demand for its panels. n285
In March 2011, the CEO admitted missteps, the company expected too much growth,
and focused too little on market development. n286 Notwithstanding the February
restructuring, Solyndra's significant senior secured debt obligations of over $
783 million prevented it from obtaining bridge financing to continue its
operations in August 2011, and was a factor in Solyndra's filing bankruptcy.
n287


   C. Bankruptcy


   Solyndra's bankruptcy n288 in September 2011 had huge repercussions on the
REI. The swiftness of the filing, the termination of over 1100  [*478]
employees, and idling of Solyndra's two plants took many by surprise. n289
Solyndra filed for bankruptcy on September 6, 2011. Competitive pressures from
overseas competitors with government backing created pressures for pricing and
payment terms, and the reduction or elimination of government incentives for
purchasers, particularly in Europe, drastically reduced the market for solar
panels, as discussed in more detail below. n290


   In the initial filing motions n291 made by Solyndra, also known as "first day
filing motions," the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") stated one of the reasons
for Solyndra's bankruptcy filing was its inability to compete with solar panel
manufacturers from around the world in a pricing war. n292 As described below,
the CFO was referring to global pressures, but in particular, to dumping
practices by Chinese solar panel manufacturers. n293 The CFO noted that these
other panel manufacturers received low cost capital and were able to offer
incentives to customers such as extended payment terms that harmed Solyndra's
ability to collect accounts receivable. n294


   Solyndra's initial goal in its bankruptcy proceeding was to seek a turnkey
buyer-a buyer willing to restart or continue operations-for its entire business.
Solyndra believed there was greater value for its creditors through a turnkey
sale rather than piecemeal liquidation. n295 Unfortunately, Solyndra was unable
to locate such a buyer and has instead engaged in an orderly winding up process
with a series of asset sales.

     [*479]

   D. Reasons for Solyndra's Failure-A Perfect Storm


   The problems Solyndra faced, which caused its downfall, were not unique to
Solyndra, but applied to other U.S. solar panel manufacturers as well. According
to Solyndra's bankruptcy filing, the company failed due to a variety of factors,
including a number of competitive pressures. Chief among them was the dumping
practices by Chinese solar panel manufacturers, as well as changing market
conditions that reduced the customer base for manufacturers. n296 Less than one
month before Solyndra's bankruptcy filing, two other U.S. solar panel
manufacturers- Evergreen Solar, Inc. and SpectraWatt, Inc.-also filed for
bankruptcy, although neither company had received a DOE loan guarantee
commitment so their filings went largely unnoticed outside the domestic solar
industry. n297


   The entire domestic solar manufacturing industry has faced and continues to
face significant market challenges. As a result, a number of domestic companies
have folded and consolidation is occurring with the remaining players. n298 The
market challenges these companies face included: (1) a lack of access to capital
at reasonable terms as a result of the Great Recession, n299 (2) a greatly
reduced demand for solar panels due to cutbacks in government incentives for
purchasers, particularly in the European Union, as discussed below, n300 (3) a
decrease in polysilica prices, which had previously affected the cost to produce
to solar panels-this reduction harmed companies like Solyndra with manufacturing
techniques that assumed continued high pricing for polysilica, n301 and (4) a
manufacturing trade war involving product dumping into the United States, as
discussed below.


   1. Trade War


   The entire U.S. solar panel manufacturing industry, including Solyndra, faced
significant pressure from overseas competitors, China in particular. A group of
U.S. solar panel manufacturers led by SolarWorld  [*480]  filed a suit with the
U.S. International Trade Commission alleging that Chinese solar panel
manufacturers were engaging in dumping of solar panels in the United States,
artificially depressing the price of solar panels. n302 The U.S. International
Trade Commission issued a unanimous preliminary determination on December 2,
2011, that the Chinese solar panel imports were harming the U.S. solar
manufacturing industry. n303 The U.S. Department of Commerce agreed to take
expedited action to determine whether duties should be applied to Chinese
imports for all panels imported starting December 3, 2011. n304 The Department
of Commerce issued a preliminary ruling in March 2012 that Chinese panel
manufacturers had engaged in a pattern of dumping and assessed duties on Chinese
solar panel imports. n305


   These many challenges have continued to hammer solar panel manufacturers.
Energy Conversion Devices, a solar panel manufacturer and  [*481]  project
developer, filed for bankruptcy on February 14, 2012, before the Department of
Commerce issued its ruling. n306 After the imposition of tariffs, Abound Solar,
another DOE loan guarantee recipient, filed for bankruptcy on June 28, 2012, and
announced it will liquidate. n307 AE Polysilicon, another manufacturer of a
alternative polysilicon process, announced its shutdown and pending liquidation
in May 2012. n308 Undoubtedly, this casualty list of solar manufacturers will
continue to grow until there is some improvement in the solar market.


   2. Deteriorating Global Market Conditions


   In addition to the anticompetitive dumping by Chinese panel manufacturers,
U.S. solar panel manufacturers, as well as other global companies, have all
struggled with the reduction or elimination of incentives for renewable energy
in the European Union. n309 European Union countries had been at the forefront
of production incentives to spur growth of the renewable energy industry, with
significant economic consequences for countries like Portugal, Spain, and most
recently, Germany. n310 As governments ended these subsidies to REEGI, the
supporting REI, such as solar panel manufacturers saw the market for their
products collapse virtually overnight. n311 Any remaining manufacturers then had
to compete for the remaining market base. The uncertain outlook for solar
manufacturers  [*482]  generally given this regulatory uncertainty is evident by
tracking the volatility of the stock of U.S. publicly traded solar firms. n312


   E. Solyndra Investigations


   Immediately after Solyndra's bankruptcy filing, the FBI raided Solyndra's
offices on September 8, 2011, and executed search warrants against the homes of
certain Solyndra executives, including CEO Brian Harrison and company founder
Chris Gronet. n313 The DOE's Office of Inspector General had asked for the FBI's
assistance to determine whether any improprieties existed with the loan
guarantee to Solyndra. n314 The FBI has indicated it was investigating Solyndra
to determine whether there was accounting fraud or misrepresentation of
financial information to the federal government. n315 As of this writing, no
charges have been brought against the company or any of its officers.


   Following Solyndra's bankruptcy, and independent from the FBI criminal
investigation, Solyndra's board engaged an independent officer to handle
restructuring and liquidation. As part of his duties, the Chief Restructuring
Officer, Todd Neilson, conducted an investigation to determine whether Solyndra
engaged in wrongdoing. n316 Mr. Neilson's report was released in April 2012, and
was filed with the bankruptcy court. The report concluded that neither Solyndra
nor any of its officers had engaged in any illegal or improper activity as part
of seeking to secure Solyndra's DOE loan guarantee commitment. n317


   In addition to the FBI investigation, at least two Congressional committees
and their subcommittees have held hearings and conducted  [*483]  investigations
into Solyndra and the DOE LGP in general. n318 The House Energy and Commerce
Committee ("HEC Committee") chaired by Representative Fred Upton and its
Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigations ("OI Subcommittee") have held a
number of hearings and published their findings on Solyndra.


   The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ("OGR Committee"),
chaired by Representative Darrell Issa, and its Subcommittee on Regulatory
Affairs, Stimulus Oversight and Government Spending ("RASOG Subcommittee"), have
also held hearings and conducted investigations regarding the DOE LGP. This
committee's hearings covered loan guarantee recipients other than Solyndra.


   Much of the focus of these hearings has been to probe possible connections
between the White House's involvement in the review process to make a final loan
guarantee commitment to Solyndra and significant political contributors to
President Obama and Democratic Party interests who were connected with Solyndra.
As a result of the Solyndra saga, some members of Congress even called for DOE
Secretary Chu's resignation. n319


   1. Partisanship


   Much of the media coverage of Solyndra has focused on the negative impact on
the Obama Administration. n320 Many reports have focused on whether loan
guarantees were issued based on political contributions,  [*484]  whether there
was improper favoritism shown to Solyndra by the Obama Administration (often
referred to as crony capitalism), highlighted the failure of government in
serving as a venture capitalist, and on the failure of renewable energy to serve
as an alternative to fossil fuel-based energy. n321 Heightened scrutiny of the
DOE's program following the Solyndra debacle may have impacted the DOE's
decision-making when selecting recipients for loan guarantee commitments. n322


   The tenor of dialogue in the Congressional investigations, hearings, press
releases, and even news reports from the majority and minority positions on
these committees reflected a deep partisan divide on the portrayal of what
happened to Solyndra and who is to blame. n323 The OGR and HEC Committees have
been accused of conducting partisan politics with investigations and hearings on
the DOE LGP. For example, the ranking OGR Committee member, Rep. Elijah
Cummings, even asserted prior to the March 20, 2012, hearing that the OGR
Committee had started eleven investigations based on "unsubstantiated
allegations that proved inaccurate." n324


   Given the allegations of partisanship, this Article will avoid an undue focus
on the substance of these proceedings. However, it will address Solyndra's
restructuring in February 2011, and the DOE's analysis of its right to approve
this restructuring. This matter was addressed in an OI Subcommittee hearing in
November 2011. n325 This Article will also briefly  [*485]  address testimony
given by Dr. Veronique de Rugy about loan guarantee programs before the RASOG
Subcommittee in March 2012. n326


   2. Solyndra February 2011 Restructuring


   The OI Subcommittee focused on the DOE's role in the Solyndra matter. One
issue on which the Subcommittee focused was whether the DOE's approval of the
terms of the Solyndra restructuring in February 2011 was within its legal
authority, and whether the DOE could take such action without the approval of
the Department of Treasury. n327 The subcommittee staff report focused on
language from the DOE's final rule in 2009, about Treasury's role in any loans
made and changes to such loans. n328


   As detailed in Solyndra's Chapter 11 first day filings, all parties (secured
lenders, the DOE, and existing equity investors) agreed to a restructuring in
February 2011 that provided first priority security interests to existing
investors serving as new lenders for $ 69.3 million, plus accruing interest,
costs and expenses (approximately $ 75 million at the time of the bankruptcy
filing). n329 The FFB's loan was subordinated to this new $ 69.3 million
facility in right of payment and collateral liquidation. The effect of this new
intercreditor arrangement meant that in the event that lenders sought payment
from Solyndra by enforcement against Solyndra's assets, the first $ 69.3 million
in principal (plus associated interest and expenses) recovered from Solyndra and
its assets would be applied to this facility first. n330 After the new facility
was paid off, FFB and the DOE could then recover the next $ 150 million of
collateral security, and then could  [*486]  recover an additional $ 385 million
against the collateral security. n331 The final tranche of lenders could recover
another $ 186 million against the collateral security. n332 The total aggregate
secured debt was about $ 783 million. n333 This debt burden proved to be
crushing for Solyndra and it was not able to obtain additional financing to
continue operations. n334


   It is not unusual in distressed situations for the parties involved, both
secured and unsecured creditors and equity investors, to make hard decisions and
compromise their positions (particularly creditors) to allow a business to
continue operating. While secured lenders have the best position, they are often
forced to make concessions, such as lending additional money, foregoing default
interest, or permitting existing or additional security to be shared with other
parties, in order to have equity investors contribute more money to a struggling
business. Although lenders are not well positioned, they do not have a strong
desire to foreclose on their security and become owners. Therefore, lenders must
be thoughtful in determining when to maintain their security interests and when
compromising may yield a better recovery in the long term. Lenders' decisions
are often based on their view of whether a company can be turned around. Of
course, there is no guarantee that even after a restructuring a business will be
able to recover and prosper.


   This Article does not propose to answer whether the DOE correctly interpreted
its authorizing statute regarding its authority to agree to the Solyndra
restructuring. Nor does this Article answer whether the DOE properly interpreted
the role of Treasury as merely consultative. However, it should be noted that
the DOE's interpretation of permissible collateral security to be taken in
connection with a loan guarantee commitment, as well as the DOE's flexibility in
amending the terms of any guaranteed financing as part of a restructuring or
workout, remained consistent prior to and after Solyndra's restructuring and its
bankruptcy.


   The OI Committee staff report and hearing focused on a memorandum prepared by
the LGP Office's chief counsel supporting the DOE's position on the Solyndra
restructuring. n335 It did not appear that any  [*487]  Congressional committee
reports or hearings focused on the DOE's implementing regulations when trying to
address the intent of the Title XVII statutory provisions, even though the
committee's staff report directly referenced the DOE's final revised rule. n336


   The DOE revised its 2007 regulations interpreting § 1702(d) and other
provisions of Title XVII in December 2009. n337 The focus of the DOE's changes
in this revised final rule included, among other things, revisions to the DOE's
requirements for collateral sharing, as well as pari passu treatment for
unsecured debt tranches and equity contributions. n338 In the 2009 final rule
summary, the DOE states its view on the statutory intent that "[s]ection 1702(d)
addresses certain threshold requirements that must be met before the guaranty is
made; and section 1702(g) addresses the Secretary's rights in the case of
default of the loan." n339 The DOE further interprets the statutory language in
1702(d) as not even requiring the DOE take a security interest in collateral:


   First, it should be borne in mind that nowhere does section 1702 itself
require that the Secretary receive a first lien on all project assets as a
condition of his ability to make a loan guarantee. Instead the statute requires
only that the Secretary's guaranteed obligation "not be subordinate to other
financing." In fact, section 1702 does not require that the lender or the
Secretary receive any collateral as a statutory requirement for making a loan
guarantee. n340


   The DOE's explanations for the final rule in December 2009 are not
dispositive as to statutory interpretation. However, they offer insight into the
DOE's view as early as 2009 and provide the public and Congress with notice of
how the DOE viewed the authorizing statute and how the DOE intended to interpret
and implement the legislation. Thus, Congress  [*488]  had ample opportunity
prior to the Solyndra restructuring to refine the DOE LGP authorizing
legislation if the DOE's regulatory interpretation was inconsistent with
Congress's view. n341


   F. Distinguishing Solyndra-Manufacturing Risks


   Despite the politically salacious tale the Solyndra story has offered, most
DOE LGP loan guarantee recipients will not be "Solyndras," because they are not
of the same ilk. Solyndra, as a manufacturing company, faced different risks
than many other loan guarantee recipients, which are generation projects. n342
As previously discussed, Solyndra faced significant market pressures in its
capacity as a solar panel manufacturer. n343 Missteps by Solyndra's management
did not help matters. n344 These market pressures on panel prices did not and do
not harm REEGI projects. Ironically, the difficulties faced by all solar panel
manufacturers, both in the United States and abroad, have been a boon to
purchasers of solar panels-like solar power plants-who have benefitted from the
precipitous drop in solar panel costs. n345 This highlights just one of many
schisms within the REI. n346


   One of the DOE's mandates was to provide broad support to manufacturing
projects. n347 The risks present in manufacturing projects are great on their
own accord. Add to this the DOE's requirement to fund innovative projects for
which there is no ready market, because a particular technology in the REI has
not been commercialized yet. n348 The risk inherent in this type of project is
vastly greater than a REEGI project which can demonstrate firm offtake contracts
for its generated power throughout the term of the loan guaranteed by the DOE.

     [*489]

   1. Post-Solyndra Troubles


   More DOE loan guarantee recipients have run into financial troubles, filed
for bankruptcy, or simply undergone Congressional scrutiny since Solyndra's
bankruptcy. The loan guarantee recipients that are in financial trouble or in
bankruptcy are all similar to Solyndra in that they are manufacturing projects
employing or developing innovative technologies.


   Beacon Power Corporation filed a voluntary Chapter 11 petition on October 30,
2011. n349 Beacon Power designs, develops, and produces fast-responding
flywheel-based energy storage systems with the goal of aiding the reliability to
electrical grids, particularly in connection with renewable energy resources.
n350 On the date of Beacon's bankruptcy filing, it listed $ 72 million in assets
and $ 47 million in liabilities. n351 The list of its 20 largest unsecured
creditors was comprised mainly of trade creditors with all but the three largest
creditors owed less than $ 100,000. n352 Beacon Power filed a motion to
consolidate three affiliates into a single filing, but otherwise did not file
significant first day motions. n353 When Beacon Power filed for bankruptcy, its
executives made a point to state that Beacon was not Solyndra. n354 Beacon
Power's business was attractive enough that it was able to find a buyer for most
of its assets out of bankruptcy in February 2012. n355 The DOE is expected to
recover seventy percent of its loan guarantee. n356 Beacon is similar to
Solyndra in that it also researches and manufacturers an innovative technology
product. It differs from Solyndra,  [*490]  because it is not in the solar panel
industry, which is under great stress globally. Its technology is also
sufficiently unique and still marketable, so Beacon was able to find a turnkey
buyer for the business. n357


   Abound Solar, another solar panel manufacturer, filed for bankruptcy on June
28, 2012, and announced it would liquidate. n358 Abound Solar had ceased
production at the manufacturing plant it had constructed and was working to
create a next generation panel prior to filing for bankruptcy. n359 Abound Solar
is similar to Solyndra because it was in the same solar panel manufacturing
industry and has also fallen victim to the price and trade wars for its product.


   Outside the realm of direct loan guarantee programs, Fisker Automotive, an
ATVM Program loan recipient, has also received significant attention as the DOE
has suspended further draw-downs on its loan for failure to meet milestones.
n360 Some media reports have questioned whether Fisker would produce cars at the
Delaware plant for which it received the DOE loan for construction. n361 While
not a loan guarantee recipient, Fisker is similar to Solyndra in that it is a
manufacturer. As an automaker, Fisker does not have guaranteed sales to mitigate
the risks with building a manufacturing facility, and thus faces inherently
greater risks than REEGI loan guarantee recipients. Fisker is, however,
similarly situated to other ATVM loan recipients, each of which is an auto
manufacturer. n362 Fisker's loan commitment represents six percent of the
aggregate ATVM portfolio, based on Fisker's aggregate loan commitment. n363
Based on the $ 200 million actually advanced to Fisker, Fisker's loans represent
2.4 percent of the aggregate ATVM portfolio. n364


   In addition to projects in financial difficulty, the OGR Committee and RASOG
Subcommittee have focused on other loan guarantee recipients during
Congressional hearings and investigations. n365 The Committee  [*491]  and
Subcommittee have asked questions about a number of projects, including ones
owned or developed by First Solar, NRG, BrightSource Energy, Prologis, and
Abengoa Solar. n366 The subject matter, testimony, questioning, and commenting
during these Congressional hearings has been wide-ranging. One recurring theme
has been whether improper political favors were employed to secure loan
guarantee commitments by certain recipients. n367 These allegations and the
integrity of the DOE LGP application process is beyond the scope of this
Article. However, this Article would not be complete without referencing these
inquiries and allegations.


   2. REI vs. REEGI Loan Guarantees


   The structure of and risks associated with REI loan guarantees and REEGI loan
guarantees differ. Within the broad spectrum of REI projects the DOE LGP was
directed to support, REEGI projects have a lower risk profile than general REI
loan guarantees. n368 The structure of REEGI projects, whether the DOE committed
to the projects under the FIPP program or as innovative technology REEGI
projects, did not possess the same risks inherent in supporting innovative
technology projects, especially manufacturing projects. n369 Consistent with
traditional electricity generation project finance principles, REEGI projects
are structured with firm multi-year power purchase agreements to creditworthy
offtakers, such as utilities, for the electricity the projects generate. n370
The LGP Office imposed the same or greater due diligence and lending
requirements that exist in traditional project finance markets, thus reducing
the risk profile for the DOE through project risk mitigation for successful
applicants. n371


   The different risk profiles between REI and REEGI loan guarantees highlight
the inconsistency in the DOE's mission, as I described in greater detail below.
The DOE was required to select projects that minimized the risks of default and
provided reasonable prospects for repayment. Yet at  [*492]  the same time, the
DOE was required to support innovative technologies across a broad spectrum of
technologies with few commonalities between them. n372 REEGI projects, because
of their structures with fully contracted offtake contracts to mitigate project
risk, generally offer much lower risk profiles when compared to non- REEGI
projects in the DOE LGP portfolio, such as solar manufacturing projects. n373
The DOE generally faces the lowest default risk on the most stable projects,
such as projects employing commercial technologies. Yet, the DOE is required to
support innovative technologies, defined as technologies not yet in commercial
use, which are inherently riskier projects. If such projects were low risk, they
would have been financed in the private markets and implemented.


   V. DOE Loan Guarantee Program Analysis


   A. Loan Guarantees as a Policy Tool


   Loan guarantee programs provide a versatile policy option giving government
the ability to provide targeted, directed support to a small subset of projects.
Loan guarantees allow for (1) correction of a market distortion, whether the
distortion is caused by a single or related series of events, (2) support of a
nascent or struggling industry, (3) directed benefits to a specific population,
or (4) encouragement of specific private investment. n374


   When policy makers employ loan guarantee programs, the programs are more
likely to succeed if they receive (1) clear guidance for the scope of the
program, (2) clear expectations of the results sought from the program, and (3)
a reasonable time frame to implement the program. n375 Although loan guarantee
programs may be flawed as they have so far been implemented, there is little to
support critics' claims that all loan guarantees are inherently flawed. n376 In
the case of the DOE LGP, policy makers did not adequately provide any of these
three parameters. Given the lack of clear  [*493]  direction, the DOE was able
to craft a successful DOE LGP project portfolio in spite of its contradictory
and ambiguous guidance.


   B. Post-Solyndra Lessons


   As described above, loan guarantees can stimulate private investment to a
particular area. The Solyndra experience offers a stark reminder that commercial
risks exist in any industry and credit enhancements (whether publicly or
privately provided) do not mitigate the underlying commercial risks. Just like a
private actor providing a loan guarantee, where the government serves as
guarantor, it reduces risk to the lender and permits the borrower to obtain
financing. However, the loan guarantee itself does not reduce the underlying
commercial risk of the borrower's business-indeed, if the venture were not risky
a guarantor would be unnecessary. As discussed above, the defaults to date in
the DOE LGP portfolio are more attributable to inherent market risk than
fundamental failure of loan guarantees in general. n377 The DOE loan guarantee
recipients that have filed for bankruptcy to date were all manufacturing
projects. Two of the three projects were solar panel manufacturers, an industry
that has undergone significant contraction in the past several years. n378


   Loan guarantees offer policymakers significant flexibility and the ability to
provide targeted support. By their nature, loan guarantees do not address
commercial risks of the underlying business; rather, they serve to incentivize
private lenders to provide financing to the targeted industry. Government then
must identify its risk tolerance to the underlying commercial risks. The LGP
sought applicants that were financially viable on a stand-alone basis in an
effort to mitigate the underlying commercial risks. n379 As the DOE's prior
experience demonstrates, projects will fail where there are fundamental market
failures, as the DOE experienced with its synthetic fuels projects. n380 When
the underlying market conditions changed, these businesses failed. n381

     [*494]

   C. Conflicting Statutory Intent


   The conflicting Congressional mandates provided to the DOE LGP are largely
responsible for the delays in the DOE LGP implementation. The initial scope of
the DOE LGP was overly broad when it was first authorized. As previously
discussed the original program under Section 1703 covered ten broad technology
categories and was designed to support inherently risky technologies on the cusp
of commercialization. n382 Yet, the DOE LGP also was required to select projects
that showed a "reasonable prospect of repayment." n383 In contrast, Section 1705
mandated the DOE fund "commercial" rather than "innovative"
technologies-commercial projects that would save and create jobs. n384 Neither
the original mandate nor the new mandate came with much guidance as to which
technologies or what levels of risk would be acceptable to promote the broad
field of technologies. n385 Given that the DOE had yet to issue a single loan
guarantee by the time the ARRA was enacted, this timing was quite ambitious. The
DOE had to hire staff, promulgate regulations, identify professionals to assist
the DOE, and draft and issue solicitations seeking applications, all before even
considering the applications it would receive. n386 The DOE then had to select
appropriate 1705 Program recipients by the sunset date in September 2011.
Furthermore, under its statutory directives, the successful applicants under
Section 1705 had to meet specific federal environmental, prevailing wage, and
Buy American requirements that applicants would not have had to satisfy in the
private markets. n387


   The DOE faced a difficult task in enunciating its mission. As the GAO
consistently noted, the LGP Office did not establish clear methods to evaluate
projects, either at the application stage or during the ongoing monitoring
stage, nor did it create clear criteria to measure project  [*495]  performance.
n388 It is hard to envision how the DOE could possibly come up with clear and
concise criteria, given the breadth of types of technologies and differing
stages of projects and technologies the DOE was required to support. In some of
its assessments, GAO did note that the DOE would have difficulty learning from
experience, as other agencies had done when developing their loan guarantee
programs, because the DOE had to devote significant amounts of time to each
project and there was little if any overlap between the types of projects the
DOE was required to support. n389 Ironically, in 2008 the GAO recommended the
DOE look to Fannie Mae and Sallie Mae programs as examples for well-run loan
guarantee programs. n390


   For the 1705 Program loan guarantees, the DOE had a limited window to request
applications, review and approve them before the September 30, 2011 sunset date.
n391 Certain types of lower-risk projects, such as infrastructure projects, by
their nature take a long time to develop before they are ready for financing. A
REEGI project might take several years conducting site research and permitting
before a developer selects the final configuration for a project. n392 In
addition to project development, the DOE's statutory requirements, such as NEPA
review, could add anywhere from six to eighteen months of additional time to any
given application. n393 Because of the limited time available to implement the
1705 Program, the DOE naturally turned to applicants who had previously  [*496]
applied under the 1703 Program to the extent these applicants also qualified
under the 1705 Program, thus expediting the DOE's ability to review these
existing applications.


   In addition to the timing constraints, the significant costs to companies of
application to the DOE LGP (in terms of time, money, and uncertainty) limited
the number and type of applicants to the program. n394 The applicants were
self-selecting and had to be of significant enough size to bear these costs. A
majority of the final projects were REEGI projects, whether funded as innovative
technology projects or commercial technology projects under the partial
guarantee FIPP solicitation. n395


   The LGP Office also supported manufacturing sector projects like Solyndra,
Abound Solar, and Beacon Power. These were the largest commitments to
manufacturing projects supported by the DOE LGP. n396 As discussed above, while
manufacturing projects were attractive because they most easily met the mandate
for creating new jobs or protecting existing ones, they are inherently more
risky. That risk comes from the fact that there is not a long-term offtake
contract for the sale of manufactured goods-not necessarily from the underlying
technology. n397 However risky such projects might have been, the DOE was
directed to support manufacturing ventures as well as REEGI projects.


   Much of the continuing criticism of the DOE LGP is whether the DOE met its
objectives. It may be easy to point to Solyndra as "proof" that the DOE has
failed, but to do so is both unfair and unfounded. Unfair in that the DOE never
received clearly defined goals from Congress. n398 Unfounded in that the DOE LGP
has been able to succeed in using federal commitments to attract private
investment to and financing of the REI that otherwise might not have occurred
absent DOE support. n399

     [*497]

   In spite of the fractured and disjointed directives for the DOE LGP, it has
managed to produce a relatively stable loan portfolio to date, notwithstanding
the criticism of the program. The DOE LGP has a loan portfolio heavily weighted
with lower risk REEGI projects. n400 The DOE provided significant support under
the FIPP solicitation, in which the DOE provided eighty percent partial loan
guarantees to lender applicants, thus sharing project risk with lenders. n401


   1. Responses to Common Critiques of the DOE LGP


   There have been many critics of the DOE LGP, especially post- Solyndra. n402
Some focus on the failures of Solyndra specifically, n403 while others have
broad critiques of loan guarantees. Still others are generally opposed to any
government incentives, whether tax incentives, loan guarantees, or other forms
of federal credit support to the REI. n404

     [*498]

   Some of the most vocal critiques of the DOE LGP can be described as
variations of the positions first set forth by Henry Hazlitt. Mr. Hazlitt wrote
in 1946 of the dangers of government involvement in the private sector, focusing
on the view that government investment distorts private investment, deprives
government investment to other sources, and results in an improper reallocation
of wealth. n405


   Critics of the DOE LGP generally repeat the same arguments Mr. Hazlitt noted
in 1946. Mr. Hazlitt's Economics in One Lesson is a classic exposition of the
Austrian School of Economics, a cornerstone for libertarian tenets, and an
excellent book. n406 There is certainly a basis for Hazlitt's arguments about
credit diverting production. n407 However, applying Hazlitt's theoretical
critiques to this modern day program, over a half century after Hazlitt
published his work, is not as straightforward as critics might suggest. The
debate over the merits or pitfalls of loan guarantees for REI projects does not
neatly fit into Mr. Hazlitt's theoretical example of government loan guarantees
to a farmer who would not otherwise qualify for loans in the private market.
n408 Mr. Hazlitt assumes a market exists in which private lenders are available
and are lending money to farmers, except for one farmer. n409 In his example,
the government elects to provide a loan guarantee subsidy to the one farmer who
is unable to get financing from private capital. n410 The remainder of Mr.
Hazlitt's analysis focuses on the effects of government action and its
consequences on other parties, all in the name of helping the one farmer. n411


   This simple example does not fit the modern day DOE LGP. First, there is not
an active and robust financing market absent government guarantees, or
government intervention as a more general matter. For example, when the 1705
Program was implemented, there was virtually no access to private capital. n412
Second, the REI is not a simple commodity where there is a liquid market and
there are multiple participants most of whom have access to capital. In other
words, one company (the farmer) does not necessarily fail where the remainder of
companies in the broad industry (agriculture) thrive purely on private market
and private capital  [*499]  investments. There is no traditional commodity
market in the REI, meaning all borrowers look alike, nor is there great depth.
n413 As discussed before, one difficulty in assessing the REI is the vast and
stratified nature of the field. It is not realistic to compare a solar panel
manufacturer to a utility scale wind farm electrical generating facility. For at
least the 1703 Program, the very focus of the DOE LGP was to support projects
that had not yet reached commercial viability; therefore, they were not likely
to obtain bank financing. n414 Third, the markets today and government impact on
participation in the market is different than it was in 1946.


   The arguments against loan guarantees first used by Mr. Hazlitt and repeated
in one form or another by current critics include (1) the government is not well
suited to pick winners and losers, n415 (2) federal loan guarantees socialize
costs and privatize gains, n416 (3) loan guarantees create moral hazards, n417
and (4) government capital crowds out private capital through a distortion of
the market. n418


   This Part briefly describes each argument and provides a short response. n419
The DOE LGP is not perfect, and may deserve some criticism  [*500]  with respect
to its execution. However, these theoretical critiques fall short of accurately
describing the problems with the DOE LGP. They are inaccurate or fail to offer
policy makers constructive feedback on redressing the DOE LGP's shortcomings.


   a. Government Is Not Well Suited to Pick Winners and Losers


   This first argument typically begins by stating that government is not
properly suited to venture capitalism and goes hand-in-hand with the argument
that government is not suited to pick winners and losers. n420 This assertion
misstates both the role of loan guarantees and of venture capitalists. Venture
capitalists ("VCs") invest equity in businesses that cannot be supported by
public shareholders and seek a significant risk-based return on investment. In
return for the prospect of a higher return, VCs typically take greater risks
than other investors, so will invest in a number of businesses, knowing some
will fail. n421


   Additionally, the government is not an investor. The DOE, in the role of
guarantor, does not take equity risk, but rather backstops secured lenders in
their financings to eligible businesses. If a business defaults, the DOE is
subrogated to the rights of the secured lender and would stand ahead of all
equity investors, including VCs. n422 Equating the government to VCs is an
inaccurate characterization of the DOE LGP's role in these transactions.


   The argument that government is not well suited to pick winners and losers
covers several fronts. One aspect of this argument addresses the moral hazard
issue discussed below, on whether improper influence may be exerted to obtain
government subsidies. Another aspect of this argument is whether the government
may apply different criteria than the private market in choosing winners and
whether this is appropriate. n423 The purpose of the DOE LGP, unfortunately, was
not clearly stated in its organic legislation, which has made it difficult for
the DOE to clearly define its mission. With a well-stated purpose, a loan
guarantee program should be able to set clear criteria for awarding applicants,
thus mitigating the  [*501]  risks Mr. Hazlitt first noted. It is not possible
to have an infallible program. Time will tell whether the DOE LGP portfolio has
been successful in picking winners and losers.


   On a related note, another critic has suggested that the DOE LGP has created
economic rent-seeking behavior and therefore is not efficient. J.W. Verret
asserted,


   As an example of the distortionary effects of government guarantees on the
private market, the Department of Energy's generous $ 40 billion loan to
businesses working on alternative energy technology has caused much of the
venture capital industry to focus on those firms able to obtain funding through
negotiations with the government rather than on firms able to germinate
profitable ideas. n424


   There are certainly arguments to be made about whether incentives for
renewable energy are an efficient allocation of resources. However, it is worth
highlighting that Professor Verret's commentary on loan guarantees suffers from
inaccuracies in the popular press. The article on which he relies for his
statement about the DOE refers to direct loans made by the DOE under the ATVM
program, not loan guarantee commitments under the DOE LGP. n425 Loans and loan
guarantees are not the same and in any case, neither would be considered equity.
Venture capital by its very nature is at-risk equity capital. To equate
Solyndra's failure with rent-seeking behavior of venture capital firms seeking
ATVM loans seems misplaced. Query whether venture capital firms choosing to
support businesses that secure DOE ATVM loans as a barometer of likely success
is an act of economic rent seeking, if they do not seek the loans for
themselves, but rather agree to invest after the DOE agrees to lend.


   b. Loan Guarantees Socialize Costs and Privatize Gains


   Mr. Hazlitt argued that loan guarantees socialize costs and privatize gains.
n426 The argument is that government absorbs all the losses  [*502]  in a
downside scenario, i.e., when the loan guarantee is called, but the lender
benefits from the gains on the upside. n427 An extension to this argument is
that the bureaucrat is willing to take more risks with taxpayers' money than
private business would on its own and therefore takes on excessive risks.


   The first element of this argument that costs are socialized- spread across
the taxpayers-is correct, but the aggregate cost depends on the amount not
recovered on any particular defaulted loan. The DOE LGP's loan guarantees are
subrogated to the guaranteed lenders' security interests. n428 To the extent
there is a default on the loan and the DOE must pay on a loan guarantee, the DOE
then gains the rights of the guaranteed lenders and can seek recovery from the
borrower. n429 Taxpayers bear losses to the extent the DOE is not able to make a
full recovery on the loan. However, under OMB guidelines, the DOE is required to
collect the CSC from each applicant under the 1703 Program equal to the net
present value of the aggregate potential cost to the tax payer on a discounted
cash flow basis of a potential loan default. n430 This borrower pay requirement
results in the borrower, not the taxpayer, bearing potential costs.


   The second element of this argument is that gains are privatized. n431
Presumably, this refers to the benefit the private lender receives by making a
virtually risk-free loan guaranteed by the government. This theoretical argument
fails when actually applied to the DOE LGP, because pursuant to OMB Circular
A-129 guidelines, the lender for one-hundred percent loan guarantees is the
Federal Financing Bank. n432 Thus, in practice, one-hundred percent loans are
therefore socialized gains, rather than privatized gains. Partial risk
guarantees, such as the eighty percent FIPP solicitation, would result in
privatized gains to lenders for the guaranteed portion of their loans. n433
However, there are policy reasons that such guarantees may be beneficial,
notwithstanding the privatized gains, such as the additional diligence provided
by private lenders with money at risk in the transaction.

     [*503]

   Another perspective of the privatized gains argument would state that the
company receiving the benefit of the loan guarantee has privatized gains that it
does not share with government. In the private market, a guarantor would likely
receive an equity stake in exchange for providing a guarantee and that gain is
not provided to the government. n434 Setting aside whether the guarantee fee
charged is sufficient, n435 the privatizing gains argument overlooks the policy
reasons to have loan guarantees-to promote growth and sustainability of
technologies in clean and renewable energy with the goal of reducing greenhouse
gas emissions and reducing dependence on foreign oil imports. n436 When projects
succeed, these broader policy purposes are advanced, not simply the gains made
by the company's owners.


   c. Loan Guarantees Create Moral Hazards


   The argument is that beneficiaries of loan guarantees, lenders, have a moral
hazard in that they are likely to take greater risks in the loans they make when
they receive loan guarantees. As noted above, OMB has addressed this in its
policies by having loans with one-hundred percent loan guarantees by made by the
FFB, rather than fully guaranteeing private lenders. n437


   The moral hazard argument includes concerns that bureaucrats and politicians
will be influenced to award government favors, such as loan guarantees as
patronage. This argument has received the most widespread attention, with many
allegations that supporters and fundraisers of President Obama were loan
guarantee recipients or received special treatment, because of their status.
n438 Whether improper actions occurred under the DOE LGP is still under
investigation. n439 As of this writing, the author  [*504]  is not aware of any
individual or firm having been criminally charged or indicted for their
involvement in the award of any loan guarantee under the DOE LGP.


   There is always a risk that favoritism is a factor when an award is made. For
the DOE LGP, the only way to mitigate this concern would be a clear and
transparent review and approval process for loan guarantee applicants. As noted
earlier, the review process by the LGP Office and then OMB was lengthy,
uncertain, and not transparent. It would be beyond the scope of this Article to
discuss whether improprieties occurred, but the review process may have needed
significant improvement. n440


   Another element of the moral hazard argument could be that government
involvement stifles private capital investment and finance. Where government
guaranteed loans are available, lenders will flock to these and will avoid non-
guaranteed loans, and in this manner may create a moral hazard for lenders to
put risks on the government. Certainly, lenders will or should charge a lower
interest rate to borrowers that have a better credit profile as a result of a
guarantee. Since loan guarantees covering private lender loans require the
lenders to hold twenty percent of the risk, such private lenders will be less
likely to extend credit to disproportionately risky borrowers. n441


   d. Loan Guarantees Crowd Out Private Capital


   The argument is that when government injects capital in one sector through
loan guarantees, the government's act of borrowing funds in the markets crowds
out private investors' ability to borrow money in the markets, given the
government's need to borrow funds. n442 However, it is worth contrasting this
general argument of crowding out with the actual reality of timing and market
consequences for federal loan guarantee commitments. First, the lender, not the
guarantor, provides the loan commitment. Loan guarantees are not full loan
commitments issued on the date of financial closing to a borrower. n443 Thus, at
the time of financial close for a guaranteed loan, whether the loan is made by a
private lender or a government lender, the only party going to the market for
capital would be the lender.   [*505]  The guarantor has a contingent liability,
valued up to the face amount of the loan (plus interest, fees and expenses) owed
to the lender. n444 Upon a default, the lender may draw upon the guarantee.
Following enactment of FCRA and the subsequent policy circulars issued by OMB,
how the DOE and other agencies book loan guarantees changed. n445 Now, the DOE
does not book the entire amount of the loan as its contingent liability. n446
Rather, at closing of the loan guarantee, the DOE books the CSC for the loan
guarantee commitment, then the DOE revises its CSC estimate for each project
annually. n447 The crowding out argument posed by Mr. Hazlitt may be appropriate
with respect to the CSC once a non- recoverable default arises, but the effect
is a future crowding out of private capital at best. n448


   Mr. Hazlitt's economics lesson on government credit stated:


   When the government makes loans or subsidies to business, what it does is to
tax successful private business in order to support unsuccessful private
business. Under certain emergency circumstances there may be a plausible
argument for this, the merits of which we need not examine here. But in the long
run it does not sound like a paying proposition from the standpoint of the
country as a whole. And experience has shown that it isn't. n449


   Mr. Hazlitt noted that there are circumstances where credit programs, such as
loan guarantees, have a place. n450 However, he does not support permanent loan
guarantee programs or similar federal credit programs. n451

     [*506]  Conclusion


   As a general matter, loan guarantee programs can provide a versatile policy
option to provide targeted, directed support to a small subset of projects. Loan
guarantees allow policy makers to (1) stimulate private investments in
particular industries, (2) provide emergency stabilization to a particular
sector following an incident, and (3) provide support to a specific population
or for a specific type of activity. n452 However, the effectiveness of any
particular loan guarantee program depends on how well the authorizing
legislation was drafted and how effectively the agency is able to implement the
regulations.


   In the case of the DOE LGP, DOE has had mixed success during the program's
brief tenure. Implementation of the DOE LGP has been challenging, because
Congressional guidance was both overly broad in scope in its initial
authorization and too limited in its emergency implementation phase. Conflicting
goals for the program made it difficult for the DOE to navigate a clear path
through its legislative mandates. n453 However, the DOE has managed to create a
relatively stable portfolio of projects notwithstanding Congress's lack of clear
direction. With better direction, the DOE LGP may have been able to create a
more carefully structured loan guarantee program for which performance measures
had been developed.


   Traditional critiques of loan guarantees may have merit as a theoretical
matter, but are less effective when used to critique a specific program, such as
the DOE LGP. Loan guarantees can serve as a useful credit enhancement tool to
support the REI. However, loan guarantees cannot sustain the REI in isolation
and must be one piece of a broader approach to developing, encouraging, and
supporting the REI. n454  [*507]

   Appendix


   Solicitations Issued by DOE under the 1703 Program, the 1705 Program and the
ATVM Program n455

 Table 1

     n456  n457  n458  n459  n460  n461

     [*508]

    Table 2
  n462  n463  n464  n465  n466  n467  n468

     [*509]

 Table 3

     n469  n470  n471  n472

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawCogeneration & Independent Power CompaniesGeneral
OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawElectric Power IndustryGeneral
OverviewTransportation LawCommercial VehiclesEmission Control

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Chu: Solyndra Demise Due to 'Totally Unexpected' Change in Market,
NBCNews.com (Nov. 17, 2011, 10:16 AM), http://nbcpolitics.nbcnews.com/
news/2011/11/17/8857477-chu -
solyndra-demise-due-to-totally-unexpected-change-in-market?lite.




n2  Amy Payne, Morning Bell: Wind Energy Subsidies Are as Useful as VHS Tape
Subsidies, Heritage Blog (Aug. 16, 2012, 9:02 AM),
http://blog.heritage.org/2012/08/16/morning- bell
-wind-energy-subsidies-are-as-useful-as-vhs-tape-subsidies/.




n3  Alison Williams, BGOV Study: Solyndra Failure Obscures Low-Risk Energy
Guarantees, Bloomberg Gov't Blog (Dec. 1, 2011),
http://about.bgov.com/2011/12/01/bgov-study -
solyndra-failure-obscures-low-risk-energy-guarantees/.




n4  See discussion of contradictory congressional directives, infra Part V.C.




n5  Solyndra has become the poster child for critics of federal involvement in
and support of renewable energy, with frequent allegations of influence
peddling, cronyism, and failures of federal government programs. Solyndra filed
for bankruptcy on September 6, 2011. See discussion of Solyndra's bankruptcy
infra note 199 and accompanying text.




n6  Corporate bankruptcies have been newsworthy for their size rather than the
quantity of filings in the past several years. Nevertheless, filings in 2011
were more than double the filings in 2007. See Shira Ovide, MF Global: Likely
Among the 10 Biggest Bankruptcies Ever, Wall St. J. Blogs (Oct. 31, 2011, 10:38
AM), http://blogs.wsj.com/deals/2011/10/31
/mf-global-likely-among-the-10-biggest- bankruptcies-ever/ (noting MF Global's
bankruptcy filing, based on asset values at the time of filing, ranked number
eight of the ten largest filings; seven other filings on this list occurred in
2008 or later). The list does not include other well-known bankruptcy filings
from 2011, such as American Airlines, Borders, Blockbuster, Circuit City and
Dynegy (the energy company that almost merged with Enron before the latter filed
for bankruptcy in 2001). See generally Dynegy Scraps E n r o n D e a l , C N N M
o n e y ( N o v . 2 8 , 2 0 0 1 ) ,
http://money.cnn.com/2001/11/28/companies/enron/; U.S. Federal Courts Bankruptcy
Statistics, United States Courts, available at http://
www.uscourts.gov/Statistics/BankruptcyStatistics.aspx (providing statistics on
bankruptcy filings commenced over trailing three or twelve month reporting
periods. While the number of business Chapter 11 filings commenced on the twelve
month period ending Sept. 30, 2011 (10,168 cases) was lower than the number of
filings in the same periods in either 2010 or 2009, this figure was greater than
the number of filings in 2008 and nearly double the number of filings in 2007
(5317 cases)).




n7  Solyndra Inc., Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?projects=solyndra-inc (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n8  NBCNews.com, supra note1; George Gilder, California's DestructiveGreen Jobs
Lobby, Wall St. J., Nov. 16, 2010, at A21.




n9  The House Energy and Commerce Committee ("HEC Committee") and its
Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigations ("Oversight Subcommittee") have
held hearings and conducted investigations into the circumstances surrounding
all aspects of the Solyndra transaction and the DOE LGP generally. In addition,
the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee ("OGR Committee") and its
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs, Stimulus Oversight and Government Spending
("RASOG Subcommittee") have also held hearings and conducted investigations on
Solyndra, other loan guarantee recipients, and the DOE LGP. By contrast, the
Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee ("SENR Committee") expressly
decided against holding hearings on Solyndra. See Amy Harder, Senate Sitting Out
Solyndra Saga, National Journal Daily (Oct. 20, 2 0 1 1 ) , h t t p : / / e p w
.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Minority.Blogs&ContentRecord id=21b4be4c
- 802a-23ad-40ad-d272ba3d958a (last visited Jan. 30, 2013); The Obama
Administration's Green Energy Gamble: What Have All the Taxpayer Subsidies
Achieved?: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Regulatory Affairs, Stimulus
Oversight, and Gov't Spending, 112th Cong. 4-5 (2012) (statement of Jim Nelson,
President and CEO, Solar3D, Inc.). This Article will reference some of the
publicly available information from the Congressional hearings.




n10  The DOE participated in the FBI's investigation of Solyndra. See Matthew
Mosk & Ronnie Greene, FBI Raids 'Connected' Energy Firm Solyndra, ABC News: The
Blotter (Sept. 8, 2011),
http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/fbi-raids-connected-energy-firm- solyndra
/story?id=14473051.




n11  Id.; see also Darrell Issa, Comm. on Oversight and Gov't Reform, The
Department of Energy's Disastrous Management of Loan Guarantee Programs 19-21,
23 (2012).




n12  The American Energy Initiative: The Cost of Loan Guarantees, Testimony
Before the H. Comm. on Energy and Commerce SubCommittee on Energy and Power,
112th Cong. (2012) (statement of David W. Kreutzer, Research Fellow at the
Heritage Foundation).




n13  See Issa, supra note 11, at 11.




n14  I describe the term "Renewable Energy Industry" as the industries directly
connected with renewable energy electrical generation projects, including
manufacturers of components used in such projects. See infra Parts I.A and
I.B.2.




n15  I define the term "Renewable Energy Electrical Generation Industry" as the
construction and operation of electrical generation facilities which use
renewable sources of energy to generate electricity and the direct participants
in this industry who build and operate these facilities. See infra Part I.A.




n16  I will review renewable energy incentives in a separate work that will
examine the federal and state framework of incentives that are currently in
place. I believe a better coordinated framework of incentives is necessary to
stimulate sufficient growth of REEGI to reach a level of sustainable
development.




n17  See infra Part III.B.3.




n18  See infra notes 273-74 and accompanying text.




n19  Mankind was working as one people to build a tower to the heavens. The Lord
saw this, and chose to confound mankind and make them speak different languages
and scattered them across the earth. Genesis 11:5-9 (King James) ("Therefore is
the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of
all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of
all the earth").




n20  Depleting resources are typically not considered renewable-by definition,
depletion implies that a resource cannot be renewed, but the Internal Revenue
Code in some places treats renewable resources as depleting ones. See 26 U.S.C.
§ 611(a) (2006) (treating geothermal deposits as depleting resources for tax
purposes and eligible for a deduction in computing taxable income for a
reasonable allowance for depletion and depreciation of improvements); see also
26 U.S.C. § 613(e) (2006) (providing that geothermal deposits are eligible for a
15% depletion deduction from gross income from the property, adjusted for rent
or royalties paid by the taxpayer).




n21 " Behind-the-meter" typically refers to electricity generated on the
customer's side of its electricity meter and connection to the electricity
distribution network. See generally Mark Rawson, California Energy Commission,
Distributed Generation Issues and Benefits Paper 5 (July 2004) (providing a
definition of distributed generation). A better way to think about the
distinction, however, is whether a facility provides power into the bulk power
generation grid or simply produces electricity for its own use. See generally
Understanding the Grid, North American Electric Reliability Corporation,
http://www.nerc.com/page.php ?cid=115 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013) (illustrating
the North American bulk power system, consisting of the interconnection of
generation, transmission, and distribution systems).




n22  This set of terms is for illustration purposes and is by no means
comprehensive. I picked these terms because of their frequent use. Other terms
used include "green energy," "green companies," "sustainable energy," and "green
tech" to name a few. See, e.g., What Is the Future of Natural Gas Use in the
U.S.?, NPR Radio Broadcast (Oct. 17, 2011), available at
http://www.npr.org/2011/10/17/141434059/what-is-the- future-of-natural-gas-use
(In this interview, Mr. Daniel Yergin used the term "sustainable energy" to
describe wind and solar resources.).




n23  Green Economy Definition, OED Online,
http://oed.com/view/Entry/81167?redirected From=green%20economy (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n24  See "clean" and related "clean tech" defined in Parts I.B.3 and I.B.4.
These terms encompass industries and associated technologies in areas such as
energy efficiency, energy conservation, or GHG reductions. See also Timothy F.
Slaper, The Green Economy: What Does Green Mean?, Ind. Bus. Rev., Fall 2009, at
10, available at http://www.ibrc.indiana .edu/ibr/2009/fall/article3.html.




n25  Id.




n26  See Paul Krugman, Green Economics: How We Can Afford to Tackle Climate
Change, N.Y. Times Magazine, Apr. 11, 2010, at 37.




n27  See id.; Joseph A. Stanislaw, Climate Changes Everything: The Dawn of the
Green Economy, Deloitte, Jan. 15, 2008, at 15-16, available at
http://www.cleantechsandiego .org/reports/us er Stanislaw
Climate%20Changes%20Everything 01-15-08%20FINAL.pdf.




n28  See Lauren Williamson, The In-House Investment: Interview with Howard
Learner, Inside Counsel, Apr. 2009, at 62, available at
http://media.insidecounsel.com/inside
counsel/historical/Issues/2009/April-2009/Documents/Cover%20story.pdf.




n29  For two distinct views on this topic, see Thomas Friedman, Hot, Flat, and
Crowded (2008) and Bill McKibben, Deep Economy (2007).




n30  Green Energy Definition, OED Online,
http://oed.com/view/Entry/81167?redirectedFrom= green%20energy (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n31  Id.




n32  See generally Carbon Storage, Frequently Asked Questions, National Energy
Technology Laboratory, http://www.netl.doe.gov/technologies/carbon seq/faqs.html
(last visited Jan. 30, 2013). Carbon sequestration describes the process of
carbon capture and storage ("CCS"). This technology is currently in development
and no commercial scale projects have yet been built.




n33  See generally How Coal Gasification Power Plants Work, U.S. Dep't of
Energy, http:// www.fossil.energy.gov/programs/
powersystems/gasification/howgasificationworks.html (last visited Jan. 30,
2013). IGCC technology is used to produce electricity from coal that has been
converted to synthetic gas. Neither CCS nor IGCC have been built at a commercial
scale and development costs for these technologies have been extremely high. In
an environment of unusually low natural gas prices, IGCC in particular faces
obstacles as synthetic gas is at a price disadvantage.




n34  See Green Energy Definition, supra note 30.




n35  Renewable energy projects are generally divided into several categories
based upon the amount of electricity to be generated, the end user of the
energy, and how (or if) it is connected to the grid.




n36  See Geothermal Energy, Climate Techbook, Center for Climate and Energy
Solutions, http://www.c2es.org/technology/factsheet/geothermal (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n37  See The Biomass Economy, National Renewable Energy Laboratory 1-3 (July
2002). How these technologies are classified varies. Generally, they receive
similar treatment for public incentives, but are not technically renewable
resources based on naturally occurring sources of energy, but rather are
recycling byproducts from some other process.




n38  Energy Definition, OED Online,
http://www.oed.com/view/Entry/62088?rskey=4TMY7S &result=1#eid (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013). Energy can exist in a variety of forms, such as electrical,
mechanical, chemical, thermal, or atomic, and can be transformed from one form
to another. Id.




n39  Jess Chen, International Economic Development Council, Renewable Energy
Supply Chains 42 (2001).




n40  L.F. Ivanhoe, World Oil Supply-Production, Reserves, and EOR, Hubbert
Center Newsletter (Colorado School of Mines Petroleum Engineering Dep't),
#2000/1-1, at 6.




n41  Id.




n42  If a town wished to tax gas stations more in their locality, that town
would refer to gas stations as opposed to the petroleum industry, lest it
inadvertently tax unintended businesses, like a home heating oil company, an
asphalt production company, a chemicals company, or innumerable other ventures
in which petroleum is a necessary component.




n43  The term "renewable fuels" often refers to ethanol (whether corn-based or
another feedstock, such as sugar cane, sorghum or newer innovations such as corn
stover, switch-grass and algae) and biodiesel. See Why Renewables: Biofuels,
25x'25 America's E n e r g y F u t u r e ,
http://www.25x25.org/index.php?option=com content&task=view&id=16&Itemid=45.




n44  See American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, 26 U.S.C. § 1 (2009)
(Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy heading in appropriations language).




n45  See Part III.B.3.c.




n46  Clean coal technologies are often included in the category of clean energy
in that the technologies offer a smaller carbon footprint for conventional
generation. See Environmental Responsibility, American Clean Coal Fuels,
http://www.cleancoalfuels.com/cleancoalfuels environmental.html (last visited
Feb. 3, 2013).




n47  This includes naturally occurring resources such as wind, sun, and water.
Geothermal energy is different. See infra note 48.




n48  To extract geothermal energy, wells are drilled and hot steam is accessed
deep underground. When generating electricity from this steam, some of the steam
is lost and must be replenished with new water that is pumped back into the
wells. This loss of the resource technically prevents geothermal energy from
being considered a pure renewable resource. Rather geothermal energy is
sometimes viewed as a depleting resource. See generally C.E. Clark et al., Water
Use in the Development and Operation of Geothermal Power Plants, Argonne
National Laboratory 5 (January 2011) available at web.anl.gov/renewables
/pdfs/ANL EVS R-10 5.pdf.




n49  Clean-Air Benefits of Nuclear Energy, Nuclear Energy Institute,
http://www.nei.org /keyissues/protectingtheenvironment/cleanair (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n50  Energy Info. Administration, U.S. Dep't of Energy, Annual Energy Review
2009 276, fig. 9.2 (Aug. 2010), available at
ftp://ftp.eia.doe.gov/multifuel/038409.pdf. While nuclear power leaves no carbon
footprint, the country has yet to come up with a long term solution to nuclear
waste. Yucca Mountain had long been a proposed storage location, but this
program was cancelled and no alternative storage solution has been identified to
date. Yucca Mountain, BEYOND NUCLEAR,
http://www.beyondnuclear.org/yucca-mountain (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n51  Fossil fuel-based electrical generation will be described as "conventional
generation" in this Article. It consists of electrical generation facilities
fueled by coal, natural gas, and petroleum products, such as diesel or other
fuel oil. The nature or complexity of the generation facility does not matter
for the purpose of this definition, just the fuel source.




n52  U.S. Dep't of Energy, Clean Coal Technology Programs: Program Update 2009
1-2 ( 2 0 0 9 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t http://fossil.energy.gov/programs/
powersystems/cleancoal/publications /CCT Program Update 2009.pdf (describing
different types of clean coal technologies, as well as technologies to harness
energy from hydrogen and natural gas).




n53  Pres. Barack Obama, Remarks by the President in State of Union Address
(Jan. 25, 2011) [hereinafter 2011 State of the Union Address], available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the
-press-office/2011/01/25/remarks-president-state-union- address ("So tonight, I
challenge you to join me in setting a new goal: By 2035, 80 percent of America's
electricity will come from clean energy sources.").




n54  Jonathan Fahey, Obama's Clean Energy Standard: How Clean Is It?, Huffington
Post (Jan. 26, 2011, 5:13 PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/26/obamas-clean - energy-stand n
814525.html.




n55  2011 State of the Union Address, supra note 53.




n56  Pres. Barack Obama, Remarks by the President in State of the Union Address
(Jan. 24, 2012), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/01/24/remarks- president
-state-union-address.




n57  Id. ("And nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in
American-made energy.").




n58  For a more in-depth discussion of the idea of clean technology, see Neal
Dikeman, What Is Clean Tech?, CNET News (Aug. 10, 2008),
http://news.cnet.com/8301-11128 3- 10012950 -54.html. The author describes the
origin and use of the term "clean tech," stating "Cleantech, also referred to as
clean technology, and often used interchangeably with the term greentech, has
emerged as an umbrella term encompassing the investment asset class, technology,
and business sectors which include clean energy, environmental, and sustainable
or green, products and services." Id.




n59  See, e.g., Clean Technology Definition, BusinessDictionary.com,
http://www.business dictionary.com/definition/clean-technology.html (last
visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n60  See generally Environmental Protection Agency, Energy Efficiency: Reduce
Energy Bills, Protect the Environment, available at
http://www.epa.gov/cleanenergy /documents/suca/consumer fact sheet.pdf (last
visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n61  Id.




n62  The DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy has a broader
mission- it "invests in clean energy technologies that strengthen the economy,
protect the environment, and reduce dependence on foreign oil." The resulting
scope for this Office covers a number of different areas within the broad
context of energy efficiency, from programs for homeowner weatherization
assistance to vehicle technologies. See Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy,
U.S. Dep't of Energy, http://www.eere.energy.gov (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n63  Hannah Choi Granade et al., Unlocking Energy Efficiency in the US Economy,
McKinsey Global Energy and Materials (2009), at 1,
http://www.mckinsey.com/client service /electric power and natural gas/latest
thinking/unlocking energy efficiency in the us economy; see also, Energy Info
Admin., Annual Energy Outlook 2011, Energy Info. Admin., U.S. Dep't of Energy,
at 34 (Apr. 2011), http://www.eia.gov/oiaf/aeo/aeoref tab.html (EIA provides
estimates on energy efficiency projected savings in residential and commercial
sectors related to changes in appliance standards and building code
requirements).




n64  Elizabeth Doris et al., National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Energy
Efficiency Policy in the United States: Overview of Trends at Different Levels
of Government iii, v (Dec. 2009), available at
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/46532.pdf.




n65  See, e.g., John Dernbach et al., Energy Efficiency and Conservation: New
Legal Tools and Opportunities, 25 Nat. Resources & Env't 7 (2011); Sarah
Schindler, Encouraging Private Investment in Energy Efficiency (Jan. 2011) (on
file with University of Connecticut School of Law, Center for Energy and
Environmental Law).




n66  LiveChat Thurs, 10/20, 2pm ET: Clean Tech Markets, Energy.gov (Oct. 17,
2011), http://
energy.gov/articles/livechat-thurs-1020-2pm-et-clean-tech-markets.




n67  The industry is comprised of fossil fuel-based generation or "conventional
generation," nuclear generation and renewable energy generation.




n68  AnnualEnergy Review 2009, supra note 50, at 5,Table 1.1, and at 7, Table
1.2 (Aug. 2010).




n69  See W. Musial, Status of Wave and Tidal Power Technologies for the United
States (Aug. 2008), available at http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy08osti/43240.pdf.




n70  Id. The other resources are renewable resources such as wind, petroleum,
wood, waste, geothermal, other gases, solar thermal and photovoltaic, as well as
miscellaneous technologies and non-renewable resources, such as batteries,
chemicals, hydrogen, pitch, purchased steam, sulfur, miscellaneous technologies,
and non- renewable waste (municipal solid waste from non-biogenic sources, and
tire-derived fuels).




n71  Id.




n72  Scott Malone, Study Finds Huge Wind Energy Potential off Eastern U.S.,
Reuters (Sept. 28, 2010),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/09/28/us-usa-energy-wind- idUSTRE
68R0HG20100928.




n73  Renewable Energy, Green Power and RECs, Community Energy,
http://www.community energyinc.com/education/renewable-energy0 (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n74  REEGI, while a subset of REI, is itself a very broad industry, because a
number of different forms of technologies fall under this umbrella-such as wind,
solar and hydro power. Within each, there are different technologies for
collection and harnessing of the natural resource. The pace of development in
these areas, in particular solar, is extremely rapid with very different types
of systems being tested and going into commercial production. The differences
between these technologies and the policy implications will be addressed in a
future article.




n75  Ben Elliston et al., Grid Parity: A Potentially Misleading Concept?, The
48th AuSES Annual Conference, Dec. 1-3, 2010, Canberra, ACT, Australia, at 2.




n76  Id.




n77  See, e.g., id.




n78  See 18 C.F.R. § 292.101(b)(1) for a definition of a qualifying facility;
see also What Is a Qualifying Facility?, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,
http://www.ferc.gov /industries/electric/gen-info/qual-fac/what-is.asp (last
updated Feb. 3, 2012).




n79  What Is Avoided Cost?, Electric Power Supply Association,
http://www.epsa.org /industry/faqs/?fa=avoidedCost (last visited Jan. 30, 2013);
see also 18 C.F.R. § 292.101 (b)(6) for definition of avoided cost.




n80  See Renewable Energy Policy Network, Renewables 2011 Global Status Report
33 (2011), available at http://www.martinot.info/REN21 GSR2011.pdf.




n81  See, e.g., Press Release, White House Office of the Press Secretary, We
Can't Wait: Obama Administration Announces Seven Major Renewable Energy
Infrastructure Projects that Would Power 1.5 Million Homes to Be Expedited (Aug.
7, 2012), http://www.whitehouse
.gov/the-press-office/2012/08/07/we-can-t-wait-obama-
administration-announces-seven -major-renewable-energ.




n82  Some projects have sought to combine a renewable resource with a
conventional generation source; see First Hybrid CSP-Coal Power Plant Is Fired
Up in Colorado, National Renewable Energy Laboratory (July 23, 2010),
http://www.nrel.gov/technologytransfer /news/2010/870.html. For a description of
Xcel Energy's experimental Solar CSP and coal fired power plant; see also
Florida Power & Light Company, FPL's Martin Next Generation Solar Energy Center,
available at http://www.fpl.com/environment/solar/pdf /Martin.pdf, for a
description of Florida Power & Light's hybrid solar and combined cycle natural
gas plant.




n83  See Jason Morgan, Comparing Energy Costs of Nuclear, Coal, Gas, Wind and
Solar, N u c l e a r F i s s i o n a r y ( A p r . 2 , 2 0 1 0 ) ,
http://nuclearfissionary.com/2010/04/02/comparing
-energy-costs-of-nuclear-coal-gas- wind-and-solar/.




n84  See Chinese National Committee on Large Dams, Three Gorges Project,
available at
http://www.chincold.org.cn/dams/rootfiles/2010/07/20/1279253974143251-127925397
4145520.pdf; Three Gorges Project, China Three Gorges Corporation,
http://www.ctg.com .cn/en/index.php (last visited Jan. 30, 2013) (site of the
project's owner, the China Three Gorges Corporation, formed by the State Council
in Sept. 1993); Peter Ford, Controversial Three Gorges Dam Has Problems, Admits
China, The Christian Science Monitor, May 19, 2011,
http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Asia-
Pacific/2011/0519/Controversial-Three-Gorges -dam-has-problems-admits-China.




n85  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Energy, DOE LPO Finalizes Deal on the World's
Largest Wind Project to Date (Dec. 17, 2010), http://lpo.energy.gov/?p=1955.




n86  See Hesham E. Shaalan, Generation of Electric Power Tbl. 8.2 (2003),
available at http://energysystems.princeton.edu/EnergyResources/GenerElectPower
Shalaan.pdf.




n87  See Annual Energy Review 2009, supra note 50, table 1.2 (noting that coal
produced 21.578 quadrillion Btu out of a total of 72.97 quadrillion Btu in
2009).




n88  See Gabriel Nelson, AEP Predicts Need to Shutter 25% of Coal Fleet, N.Y.
Times (June 9, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/gwire/2011/06/09/09greenwire-aep-predicts-
need-to-shutter -25-of-coal-fleet-91911.html (last visited Jan. 30, 2013). The
EPA issued the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule ("CSAPR") in July 2011, which was
scheduled to go into effect January 1, 2012. CSAPR required significant
reductions in SO2 and NOx emissions. The coal electrical generation industry
vehemently opposed CSAPR, citing its abrupt emissions requirements and suggested
it was impractical to implement in the time provided. As a result, a significant
number of coal-fired power plants shut down in 2011 in anticipation of CSAPR.
The EPA eventually changed its position on the effectiveness of CSAPR, but this
did little to address the shutdown and economic impact of the regulation. See
also Dan Testa, Citing CSAPR, Ameren to Shutter 2 Ill. Coal-Fired Plants, SNL
Financial (Oct. 4, 2011, 12:22 PM),
http://www.snl.com/InteractiveX/ArticleAbstract.aspx?id=13391363.




n89  See EPA Releases Final Interstate Transport Rule, "Cross-State Air
Pollution Rule," Georgetown Climate Center (July 7, 2011),
http://www.georgetownclimate.org/epa -
releases-final-interstate-transport-rule-cross-state-air-pollution-rule.




n90  See Dan Lowrey, Luminant Files Notice with ERCOT to Idle Coal Units, SNL
Financial (Oct. 4, 2011),
http://www.snl.com/InteractiveX/article.aspx?ID=13391203 &CDID=A-
13391203-14895&KPLT=4&Printable=1.




n91  Gabriel Nelson, Lawsuits Pour in Before Deadline to Challenge EPA's
Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, N.Y. Times (Oct. 10, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/gwire/2011/10/10
/10greenwire-lawsuits-pour-in-before-deadline-to-challenge-67959.html.




n92  See Kathleen Hart, EPA to Miss Deadline for Power Plant Greenhouse Gas
Emissions R u l e , S N L F i n a n c i a l ( S e p t . 1 5 , 2 0 1 1 ) ,
http://www2.snl.com/InteractiveX/article.aspx?ID= 13312568&CDID=A-13312568-
13103&KPLT=1&Printable=1.




n93  See Annual Energy Review 2009, supranote 50, table 1.2 (noting that
drynatural gas power plants generated 21.5 quadrillion BTU out of a total of
72.97 quadrillion BTU in 2009).




n94  See id. (noting that all fossil fuels generated 56.86 quadrillion BTU out
of a total of 72.97 BTU in 2009).




n95  But see Tennille Tracy, Whack to Estimate for Natural Gas, Wall St. J.,
Jan. 24, 2012,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203806504577178892190235190.html
(reporting that the forthcoming Energy Information Administration 2012 annual
report reduced estimates of shale gas in the United States from 830 trillion
cubic feet to 480 trillion cubic feet. While shale gas reserves are smaller than
previously projected, far greater amounts of shale gas are extractable now than
several years ago due to improvements in technology).




n96  See Dan Strumpf et al., Natural Gas Sinks Beneath $ 2 Level, Wall St. J.,
Apr. 11, 2012,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304356604577337883568116636.html.




n97  See Matthew L. Wald & Tom Zeller, Jr., Cost of Tapping Green Power Makes
Projects Tougher Sell, N.Y. Times, Nov. 8, 2010, at A1, A16 (describing the
challenges facing wind and solar developers in competing on price for utility
contracts and describing actions by state regulators in the public service
commissions of Virginia, Idaho, Kentucky and Rhode Island to reject renewable
energy deals on the basis of price); see also Russell Gold, Wind, Sun Power
Still Face Hurdles, Wall St. J., Mar. 31, 2011, http://online.wsj.com/article
/SB10001424052748703883504576186961618483344.html (describing challenges for
renewable energy including higher pricing for renewable energy, low natural gas
prices as a result of shale rock drilling, and variable transmission challenges
the technology presents). These articles noted the challenges facing the REEGI
even before the most recent glut in natural gas. As of the beginning of April
2012, prices for natural gas fell to their lowest level in more than a decade,
with excess capacity facing the natural gas industry. See Strumpf, supra note 96
(price of natural gas fell below $ 2 per 1000 cubic feet for the first time
since January 28, 2002; glut of natural gas is causing some companies to slow
production; concerns exist about lack of storage for natural gas).




n98  2011 State of the Union Address, supra note 53.




n99  John Broder, An Energy Plan Derailed by Events Is Being Retooled, N.Y.
Times, Mar. 31, 2011, at F7. I will not focus on nuclear energy in this article,
except to note that the loan guarantee model applied to nuclear energy faces
significant challenges, given the borrower pays for the CSC under the 1703
Program, which puts significant cost pressure on applicants, as described. See
infra note 148.




n100  Broder, supra note 99, at F7.




n101  See Exec. Office of the President, Blueprint for a Secure Energy Future
(2011), a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/blueprint secure energy future
.pdf; see also Jackie Calmes & John M. Broder, Obama Sets Goal of One-Third Cut
in Oil Imports, N.Y. Times, Mar. 30, 2011,
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/31/science/earth /31energy.html.




n102  Blueprint, supra note 101, at 20.




n103  See Blueprint, supra note 101, at 15-18.




n104  See Laura Meckler, Obama Outlines Energy Plan, Wall St. J., Mar. 31, 2011,
http:// online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703712504576232481675369892.html.




n105  The FY2012 Department of Energy and Nuclear Regulatory Commission Budgets:
Joint Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Energy and Power and the Subcomm. on
Environment and the Economy of the H. Energy and Commerce Comm., 112th Cong. 4
(2011) (statement of Steven Chu, Secretary, U.S. Dep't of Energy), available at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys /pkg/CHRG-112hhrg68480/pdf/CHRG-112hhrg68480.pdf.




n106  Scott McGrew, Solyndra to Declare Bankruptcy, NBC Bay Area (Sept. 2,
2011), http://
www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Solyndra-Shutting-Down-128802718.html.




n107  Car dealerships generally offer customers a variety of financing options,
ranging on the high quality end directly from the car manufacturer through their
financing division, to other financial institutions willing to make loans to
less credit-worthy borrowers. E.g., Lee Ann Obringer, How Car Financing Works,
How Stuff Works, http://auto.howstuffworks
.com/buying-selling/car-financing3.htm (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n108  Compare Guarantee, Trade Finance Glossary, Defining Trade Finance, DLA
Piper, http://www.dlapipertradefinance.com/en/glossary/g/guarantee.html (last
visited Jan. 30, 2013), with Demand Guarantee, Trade Finance Glossary, Defining
Trade Finance, DLA Piper,
http://www.dlapipertradefinance.com/en/glossary/d/demand--guarantee.html (last
visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n109  Guarantee, Trade Finance Glossary, Defining Trade Finance, DLA Piper,
http://www .dlapipertradefinance.com/en/glossary/g/guarantee.html (last visited
Jan. 30, 2013).




n110  See id.




n111  Carl D. Ciochon, Guarantor Liability-A Litigation Perspective, Wendel
Rosen Black & Dean,
http://www.wendel.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=content.contentDetail&ID=9018.




n112  See, e.g., Phillip Brown, Cong. Research Serv., Loan Guarantees for Clean
Energy Technologies: Goals, Concerns, and Policy Options 1-9 (2012), available
at http://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42152.pdf; U.S. Dep't of Agriculture, REAP
Guaranteed Loan Program (2012), available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments /OR-bpREAP GLoverview.pdf.




n113  Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, 2 U.S.C. §§ 661-661(f) (Supp. IV 2010)
(providing a statutory definition-"The term 'loan guarantee' means any
guarantee, insurance, or other pledge with respect to the payment of all or a
part of the principal or interest on any debt obligation of a non-Federal
borrower to a non- Federal lender, but does not include the insurance of
deposits, shares, or other withdrawable accounts in financial institutions.");
see generally 2 U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law 11-1 to 11-73 (3rd ed. 2006) [hereinafter Principles of
Appropriations Law], available at http://www.gao.gov/special.pubs/d06382sp.pdf.




n114  See Eligibility, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=31 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013). The DOE Loan
Programs Office defines loan guarantee as "a contractual obligation between the
government, private creditors and a borrower-such as banks and other commercial
loan institutions-that the Federal Government will cover the borrower's debt
obligation in the event the borrower defaults . . . ." See Department of Energy
Finalizes $ 169 Million Loan Guarantee to Granite Reliable Power: A Wind
Powering America Success Story, Wind Research, National Renewable Energy
Laboratory (Oct. 25, 2011), http://www.nrel.gov/wind/news/2011/1634.html. The
Loan Program also "allow[s] the government to share some of the financial risks
of projects that employ new technologies that are not yet supported in the
commercial marketplace or where private investment has been inhibited." See
Great Lakes Wind Collaborative, Financing Mechanisms and Financial Incentives,
Best Practices for Sustainable Wind Energy Development in the Great Lakes Region
(July 2011), available at http://www.glc.org
/energy/wind/pdf/bptoolkit/GLWC-BPToolkit-BP02.pdf.




n115  See 10 C.F.R. § 609.15(g) (providing that "The Loan Agreement shall
provide that, upon payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Secretary shall be
subrogated to the rights of the Holders . . . . The Holder shall transfer and
assign to the Secretary all rights held by the Holder of the Guarantee
Obligation. Such assignment shall include all related liens, security and
collateral rights to the extent held by the Holder.").




n116  Office of Mgmt. & Budget (OMB), Exec. Office of the President, Circ.
A-129, Policies for Federal Credit Programs and Non-Tax Receivables, Part
II-Budget and Legislative Policy for Credit Programs (2000) [hereinafter Circ.
A-129], available at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars a129 rev2013 main
(identifying goals for federal credit programs: "(1)(a) Correct a capital market
imperfection, which should be defined; and/or (b) Subsidize borrowers or other
beneficiaries, who should be identified, or encourage certain activities, which
should be specified.").




n117  DOE has previously administered loan guarantee programs. See John Herrick,
Federal Financing of Green Energy: Developing Green Industry in a Changing
Energy Marketplace, 31 Pub. Cont. L.J. 257, 258-61 (Winter 2002). The article
describes the DOE loan guarantee programs authorized in the late 1970s and early
1980s to promote development of synthetic fuels, alcohol fuels, and geothermal
energy projects. As Herrick details, these programs had mixed success. In
somewhat similar circumstances, the incentives provided were not properly
matched to commercial market conditions, or market conditions shifted to make
projects no longer economically viable. Id. These programs were all implemented
prior to the Credit Reform Act so these projects did not have to comply with the
Credit Reform Act reporting requirements. See supra note 113.




n118  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58 § 1701 (2005) (codified at
42 U.S.C. § 16511) [hereinafter EPAct 2005].




n119  Id. § 1703, 42 U.S.C. § 16513 (Supp. IV 2010). The Energy Policy Act of
2005 provided that loan guarantees would be offered for ten different categories
of technologies: (1) Renewable energy systems, (2) Advanced fossil energy
technologies, (3) Hydrogen fuel cell technologies, (4) Advanced nuclear energy
facilities, (5) Carbon capture and sequestration practices and technologies, (6)
Efficient electrical generation, transmission, and distribution technologies,
(7) Efficient end-use energy technologies, (8) Production facilities for fuel
efficient vehicles, (9) Pollution control equipment, and (10) Refineries.




n120  See id. (noting the creation of the 1703 Program under Title XVII of EPAct
2005).




n121  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 § 406, 42 U.S.C. § 16516
(Supp. IV 2010) (establishing Section 1705, entitled "Temporary Program for
Rapid Deployment Of Renewable Energy and Electric Power Transmission Projects").




n122  Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110-140, § 136,
121 Stat. 1492 (2007).




n123  See History, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=134 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n124  Id.




n125  Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-161, 121 Stat.
1844, 1621 (2008) (authorizing the LGP Office to issue loan guarantees funded by
applicant fees under § 1702(b)(2) of EPAct 2005 and providing $ 5.5 million to
fund administrative expenses for the office); see also U.S. Gov't Accountability
Office, GAO-08-750, Dep't of Energy New Loan Guar. Program Should Complete
Activities Necessary for Effective and Accountable Program Mgmt. (2008)
[hereinafter GAO Recommendations] (describing initial authorization and
subsequent initial appropriation for LGP).




n126  David Wessel, A Big, Bad . . . 'Great' Recession, Wall St. J., Apr. 8,
2010, at A2.




n127  Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-343, 122
Stat. 3765 (2008).




n128  See id. at Title I (TARP provided significant support for banks and
financial institutions, including AIG, as well as General Motors and Chrysler).




n129  See id. Division B of EESA is titled Energy Improvement Act and deals with
energy production incentives.




n130  See Cong. Budget Office (CBO), Report on the Troubled Asset Relief Program
- December 2011 Table 3 (2011), available at
http://www.cbo.gov/publication/42688.




n131  The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115 (2009). This Act is often referred to as the Recovery Act and was
enacted into law on February 17, 2009. The net effect of the Act has been
tracked by the government. See Recovery.gov,
http://www.recovery.gov/Pages/default.aspx (last visited Jan. 30, 2013); see
also CBO, Estimated Impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act on
Employment and Economic Output from October 2011 Through December 2011 (2012),
available at
http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/attachments/02-22-ARRA .pdf
(adjusting the total fiscal impact of ARRA from $ 787 billion to $ 831 billion
for the 2009-2019 period).




n132  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), § 406, 42 U.S.C. §
16516 (Supp. IV 2010).




n133  The EESA and ARRA also made significant changes to existing REI incentives
and created new incentives for the REI. See Emergency Economic Stabilization Act
of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-343, § 101 et seq., 122 Stat. 3765 (2008); see also
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, § 406, 42 U.S.C. § 16516 (Supp.
IV 2010). EESA and also ARRA included funding for the ATVM Program, administered
by the LGP Office.




n134  Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, § 136, 42 U.S.C. § 17013
(Supp. IV 2010).




n135  See infra Part III.B.3.c (describing ATVM Program).




n136  See supra note 122 and accompanying text.




n137  See Appendix (detailing various solicitations issued by DOE for funding
under the 1703, 1705, and ATVM Programs).




n138  For resolutions authorizing appropriations for the 1703 and 1705 Programs,
see Revised Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2007, Pub. L. No. 110-5, §
20320, 121 Stat. 8, 21 (authorizing $ 4 billion in loan guarantees to be issued,
with fees to be paid by the applicant); see also American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, T.IV, 123 Stat. 115, 140 (reserving
approximately $ 25 million for administrative expenses and appropriating the
balance of the $ 6 billion for loan guarantees made under the 1705 program);
Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Program, Pub. L. No. 111-47, 123 Stat.
1972 (2009) (redirecting $ 2 billion to the program popularly known as CARS.
Congress redirected $ 2 billion from the $ 6 billion given to funding loans by
ARRA); Education Jobs Fund; State Fiscal Relief, Pub. L. No. 111-226, § 308, 124
Stat. 2389 (2010) (rescinding an additional $ 1.5 billion from the original $ 6
billion in order to fund other initiatives, such as education).




n139  110 H.R. 1, 112th Cong. § 1425 (2011) (aimed to reduce LGP for innovative
technologies by $ 25 billion); see also Naureen S. Malik & Cassandra Sweet,
Proposal Aims to Gut DOE Loan Program, Wall St. J., Mar. 30, 2011,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142 4052748703806304576232712438183564.html
(describing a Republican House Budget proposal seeking to cut the $ 41 billion
loan guarantee program included in the President's FY2012 budget).




n140  Examination of DOE's Clean Technology Programs: Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Energy and Environment of the H. Comm. on Sci., Space, and Tech.,
112th Cong. 1, 1-7 (2011) (statement of David Frantz, Director of the DOE Loan
Programs Office), a v a i l a b l e a t
science.house.gov/sites/republicans.science.house.gov/files/documents/hearings/0
61511 -Frantz.pdf.




n141  Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n142  As a compromise to increase the federal debt ceiling during a tumultuous
negotiation between Congress and the White House before an August 2, 2011,
deadline to extend the federal debt crisis, a bipartisan Congressional
Supercommittee was formed which had the stated goal to identify $ 1.5 trillion
in budget cuts over a ten year period. See David Wessel, Can the Super Committee
Raise Taxes or Not?, Wall St. J. Blogs (Aug. 3, 2011, 2:23 PM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2011/08/03/can-the-super-committee-
raise-taxes-or-not/.




n143  Janet Hook & Naftali Bendavid, Deficit Panel Folds Its Tent, Wall St. J.,
Nov. 22, 2011,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970204443404577052311834234128.html.




n144  See, e.g., CBO, Federal Loan Guarantees for the Construction of Nuclear
Power Plants 4 (2011), available at
http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/ftpdocs
/122xx/doc12238/08-03-nuclearloans.pdf (providing funding for a single
technology: front-end nuclear facilities).




n145  See Energy Policy Act of 2005, § 1703(b), 42 U.S.C. § 16513(b) (Supp. II
2008) (listing a multiple clean and renewable energy technologies to be
supported by loan guarantees with no funding guidance from Congress. DOE issued
solicitations that were exceptionally broad in terms of eligible technologies,
given the lack of guidance from Congress on funding specific technologies).




n146  See 10 C.F.R. § 609.2 (2012) (defining "New or Significantly Improved
Technology" as "a technology concerned with the production, consumption or
transportation of energy and that is not a Commercial Technology, and that has
either: (1) [o]nly recently been developed, discovered or learned; or (2)
[i]nvolves or constitutes one or more meaningful and important improvements in
productivity or value, in comparison to Commercial Technologies in use in the
United States at the time the Term Sheet is issued.") Note that this is further
refined by looking at the definition of Commercial Technology; see infra note
147.




n147  See id. (defining "Commercial Technology" as "a technology in general use
in the commercial marketplace in the United States at the time the Term Sheet is
issued by DOE. A technology is in general use if it has been installed in and is
being used in three or more commercial projects in the United States in the same
general application as in the proposed project, and has been in operation in
each such commercial project for a period of at least five years. The five-year
period shall be measured, for each project, starting on the in service date of
the project or facility employing that particular technology. For purpose of
this section, commercial projects include projects that have been the recipients
of a loan guarantee from DOE under this part.").




n148  Credit Subsidy Cost is abbreviated as "CSC" in this Article. See Glossary
of Terms, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=64 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013). See also infra
note 200 for an explanation of how OMB calculates the CSC. In short, the CSC is
either paid by the applicant or is paid by appropriations for the CSC
specifically authorized by Congress. When the applicant pays, for example under
Section 1703, it is often referred to as the "Borrower Pays" option.




n149  42 U.S.C. § 16513(b) (Supp. IV 2010) (outlining ten specific
technologies).




n150  Id. at 16513(a).




n151  See Bloomberg New Energy Finance, Crossing the Valley of Death: Solutions
to the Next Generation Clean Energy Project Financing Gap, June 21, 2010, at 5
("Moving a technology from the research to the commercial phase is an arduous
task, usually requiring it to proceed through the so-called Commercialisation
'Valley of Death.'"); see also id. at 6 ("Project finance funders and bank
lenders typically have high levels of capital and can commit to longer-term
investments, but they have little or no technology risk tolerance. No existing
class of financing institutions is effectively positioned to address this
particular risk/return category." (emphasis in original)).




n152  42 U.S.C. § 16512(d)(1) (2006).




n153  See Allison S. Clements & Douglass D. Sims, A Clean Energy Deployment
Administration: The Right Policy for Emerging Renewable Technologies, 31 Energy
L. J. 397, 422-23 (2010) (describing the initial funding issues faced by DOE to
create the LGP); see also Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-07-339R, The
Department of Energy: Key Steps Needed to Help Ensure the Success of the New
Loan Guarantee Program for Innovative Technologies by Better Managing Its
Financial Risk (2007) [hereinafter Key Steps Needed], available at
http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-07-339R (describing DOE's actions to implement
the LGP and the intra-agency funding transfers DOE used to create minimal
staffing); see also U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, B-308715, Department of
Energy-Title XVII Loan Guarantee Program (2007) (concluding that DOE violated
its statutory authority by using appropriated funds to set up the LGP without
appropriations authority for the LGP).




n154  See EPAct 2005, § 406, 42 U.S.C. 16515 (Supp. IV 2010). Congress
appropriated funds to establish the program, but did not permit more than $ 4
billion in loan guarantees to be issued and required these guarantees had to be
self-financed. See also supra notes 125, 138.




n155  See Key Steps Needed, supra note 153.




n156  Loan Guarantees for Projects That Employ Innovative Technologies, 72 Fed.
Reg. 60,116 (Oct. 23, 2007) (to be codified at 10 C.F.R. pt. 609). Note that
this final rule was subsequently amended on Dec. 4, 2009, to enable the DOE LGP
to have requirements consistent with commercial market practice.




n157  See Clements & Sims, supra note 153, at 422 (noting the Bush
"Administration'slack of enthusiasm for the program").




n158  See GAO Recommendations, supra note 125.See also infra note 161,
andaccompanying text.




n159  Loan Guarantee Program Established in EPACT2005, U.S. Energy Information
Administration, http://www.eia.gov/oiaf/aeo/otheranalysis/aeo
2009analysispapers/lgp .html (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n160  See Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58, § 1703(a), 119 Stat.
594, 1120 (2005).




n161  See id.




n162  President Obama was inaugurated Jan. 20, 2009. ARRA was passed Feb. 17,
2009. See American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115 (2009).




n163  See Breakdown of Funding by Category, Recovery.gov,
http://www.recovery.gov
/Transparency/fundingoverview/pages/fundingbreakdown.aspx (last visited Jan. 30,
2013).




n164  See American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, § 3,
123 Stat. 115 (2009).




n165  Id. § 2.




n166  See Breakdown of Funding, supra note 163.




n167  Id. The LGP Office spent $ 8.8 billion on the ATVM program. See Joann
Muller, Automakers' Report Card: Who Still Owes Taxpayers Money? The Answer
Might Surprise Y o u , F o r b e s ( A u g . 2 9 , 2 0 1 2 ) ,
http://www.forbes.com/sites/joannmuller/2012/08/29/automakers
-report-card-who-still- owes-taxpayers-money-the-answer-might-surprise-you/.




n168  See Jobs Summary-National, Recovery.gov,
http://www.recovery.gov/Transparency
/RecipientReportedData/Pages/jobsummary.aspx (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n169  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 § 406, 42 U.S.C. § 16516(a)
(Supp. IV 2010).




n170  See supra note 148(describing the calculation used to determinethe CSC
value). See also 1705, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id =41 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n171  See Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Program, Pub. L. No. 111-47,
123 Stat. 1972 (2009). This program is commonly referred to as Cash for
Clunkers.




n172  See Appendix (detailing solicitations issued by DOE for funding under
Section 1703, Section 1705, and the ATVM Program).




n173  1705, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=41 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n174  Greg W. Durham, Center for Int'l Env't & Res. Pol'y, New Energy: The
Effects of Regulatory Reforms on the US Department of Energy Loan Guarantee
Program 27-28 (2011), available at
http://fletcher.tufts.edu/CIERP/Publications/more/newenergy.




n175  See 10 C.F.R. § 609.2 (2012) (highlighting the difference from innovative
technologies supported by the 1703 Program).




n176  See U.S. Dep't of Energy, Solicitation No. DE-FOA-0000166, Federal Loan
Guarantees for Commercial Technology Renewable Energy Generation Projects Under
the Financial Institution Partnership Program, 20 (2009) [hereinafter FIPP
Solicitation], available at
https://lpo.energy.gov/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/CTRE.pdf.




n177  United Nations Environment Programme, The Global Financial Crisis and Its
Impact on Renewable Energy Finance 1 (2009), available at
http://www.energy-base.org /fileadmin/media/sefi/docs/publications/Study
Financial Crisis impact on RE .pdf.




n178  See Gregory J. Lynch & Melissa M. Turczyn, FIPP May Streamline DOE Loan
Guarantee Awards, Ethanol Producer Magazine (Nov. 11, 2009),
http://www.ethanolproducer.com /articles/6138/fipp-may-streamline-doe-
loan-guarantee- awards.




n179  See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 7.




n180  See id.




n181  See id. at 7.




n182  Id. at 94.




n183 " Uncovered" is an industry term used to describe the portion of private
debt that is not insured by a loan guarantee. Where partial risk guarantees are
employed, the lenders' syndicate will often require that participating lenders
hold the same ratable percentage in both the insured and uninsured loan
facilities and may even prevent individual lenders from assigning or
participating their interests in these facilities separately.




n184  Comments from applicants interviewed in independent reports, Congressional
hearings, and news articles consistently cite applicants as stating DOE's due
diligence requirements were as stringent, if not more stringent, than those
required in traditional private project financings. Letter from David G. Frantz,
Acting Executive Director, Loan Programs Office, to Senator Charles E. Grassley,
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary (Aug. 3, 2012), available at
http://www.thune.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File id=
7f63b50c-8d9c- 4eb4-b819-6b7bc652f9c4.




n185  See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 11.




n186  Id. at 38. Note that while this solicitation required applicants to comply
with NEPA requirements, in the fall of 2011, DOE updated its NEPA requirements
for the first time in fifteen years, creating categorical exemptions which
significantly reduce the burden on applicants who fall into these exemptions.
See generally CH2M-HILL. RDD/112490008, Categorical Exclusion Under the National
Environmental Policy Act ( N E P A ) , W h i t e P a p e r ( 2 0 1 1 ) , a v a i
l a b l e a t http://www.ch2m.com/corporate/services/environmental management
and planning/assets/Abstracts/2011/CH2M-HILL-categorical-exclusion.pdf.




n187  FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 12.




n188  Id. at 9.




n189  FIPP, FIPP Hooray . . . ? Analysis of and Commentary on DOE's Financial
Institution Partnership Program, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati (Oct. 28,
2009), h t t p : / / w w w . w s g r
.com/WSGR/Display.aspx?SectionName=publications/PDFSearch/wsgralert FIPP.htm.




n190  See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 52.




n191  See FIPP, FIPP Hooray . . . ?, supra note 189.




n192  See ATVM, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=43 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n193  Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, § 136, 42 U.S.C. § 17013(b)
(Supp. IV 2010).




n194  Id.; see also Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance and Continuing
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 110-329 § 129 (2008), 42 U.S.C. § 17013(d)
(appropriating $ 7.5 billion for ATVM loans capping total loan principal to no
more than $ 25 billion, and providing $ 10 million for administration). While
the ATVM Program was initially authorized under the EISA in 2007, DOE didn't
receive appropriations until this 2008 Act. The Federal Financing Bank ("FFB")
was authorized to make the direct loans under this program. Id. § 129(c)(1).




n195  Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of
2010, Pub. L. No. 111-85 § 312(b), 123 Stat. 2875 (adding eligibility of
ultraefficient vehicle projects for ATVM Program).




n196  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45/ (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n197  See id. (calculating that ATVM projects have saved or created 38,700
jobs). As with any manufacturing projects, the number of jobs these provide will
far exceed the number of permanent jobs from projects in REEGI, given the nature
of the projects.




n198  ARRA, Pub. L. No. 111-5 § 3, 123 Stat. 116 (Supp. IV 2010).




n199  Ironically, Solyndra was also a manufacturing concern and estimated
providing a significant number of jobs when the loan guarantee commitment was
issued. The goals of ARRA may have required DOE to use funding and investment
criteria that resulted in riskier lending decisions by DOE. See Joel Rosenblatt,
Solyndra Files Plan to Reorganize in Chapter 11 Bankruptcy, Bloomberg News (July
28, 2012), http://www.businessweek
.com/news/2012-07-28/Solyndra-files-plan-to-reorganize-in-
chapter-11-bankruptcy.




n200  Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ("Credit Reform Act"), 2 U.S.C. §§ 661-
661(f) (Supp. IV 2010).




n201  See Principles of Appropriations Law, supra note 113, at 11-12, 11-13.




n202  See id. at 11-15, 11-16.




n203  See id. at 11-12, 11-14.




n204  See id. at 11-15.




n205  Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, 2 U.S.C. §§ 661a(5)(B)(iii), 661a(5)(F)
(Supp. IV 2010).




n206  Circ. A-129, supra note 116 (addressing the goals federal departments and
agencies should apply for implementing federal credit programs, including
setting relevant criteria and requirements for programs and processes to create
new programs or expand additional ones); OMB, Exec. Office of The President,
Circ. A-11 Part 5, Preparation, Submission and Execution of the Budget (2011)
[hereinafter Circ. A-11], available at h t t p : / /
www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/a11 current year/a 11
2011.pdf.




n207  See Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 § 503(a), 2 U.S.C. § 661b(a) (2006);
see also Circ. A-11, supra note 206, at § 185.2, 185.5(a) (defining subsidy cost
as "the estimated present value of the cash flows from the Government (excluding
administrative expenses) less the estimated present value of the cash flows to
the Government resulting from a direct loan or loan guarantee, discounted to the
time when the loan is disbursed.").




n208  See Circ. A-11, supra note 206, at § 185.3.




n209  See id. at Circ. A-11, supra note 206, at § 185.18 (providing that: "A
downward reestimate indicates that the subsidy cost payment to the financing
account by the program account was too large so that its assets exceed its
liabilities. The reestimate amount (plus interest on the reestimate) must be
obligated and disbursed from the financing account. Before recording the
obligation, ensure you have adequate resources apportioned. . . . For loan
guarantees only, to the extent the reestimate is due to lower default payments
than initially estimated, either actual or projected, use your uninvested
balance with Treasury to cover the obligation. In cases where amounts less than
$ 1 need to be returned, do not include the amount on the face of the
apportionment . . . .") (Excess funds are then allocated to a downward
reestimate receipt account.).




n210  See Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 § 504(f), 2 U.S.C. 661c(f) (2006);
see also Circ. A-11 supra note 206, at § 185.17.




n211  See Circ. A-11,supra note 206, at § 185.3(v) (defining negative subsidies:
"(v) Negative subsidies mean subsidy costs that are less than zero. They occur
if the present value of cash inflows to the Government exceeds the present value
of cash outflows. In such cases, appropriations bills must still provide
specific authority before direct loans or loan guarantees can be made, generally
in the form of a loan limitation.") Any under-estimations or better performance
by a credit program is thus transferred out of the agency on an annual basis.




n212  Nuclear Energy Institute, Credit Subsidy Costs for New Nuclear Power
Projects Receiving Department of Energy (DOE) Loan Guarantees: An Analysis of
DOE's Methodology and Major Assumptions 3, note 1 (2010), available at
http://www.nei.org /filefolder/CreditSubsidyCostWhitePaper.pdf.




n213  Report of R. Todd Neilson, Chief Restructuring Officer, Solyndra 80 (2012)
[h e r e i n a f t e r N e i l s o n R e p o r t ] , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.scribd.com/doc/86910992/Solyndra -CRO-Report-Final.




n214  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-12-157, DOE Loan Guarantees
Further Actions Are Needed to Improve Tracking and Review of Applications 23, 25
(2012) [hereinafter GAO-12-157], available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/590/589210.pdf. DOE's initial response on loan
guarantee applications in the last year of the 1705 Program was several weeks.
As the LGP Office received additional funding to add staff, their stated goals
were to decrease initial processing time for loan guarantee applications.
According to independent audits, the LGP Office succeeded with these goals. Id.
at 15.




n215  See U.S. Dep't of Energy, Office of the Inspector General, DOE/IG-0812,
Audit Report: The Department of Energy's Loan Guar. Program for Innovative
Energy Tech. 3 (2009), available at
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/igprod/documents/IG-0812.pdf.




n216  See, e.g., id. at 3, 4.




n217  Mark Peters, Constellation Energy Quits Loan Guarantee Program, Wall St.
J., O c t . 1 1 , 2 0 1 0 ,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB20001424052748704442404575542413155178010.html.




n218  Constellation Rejects Loan Guarantee Terms, World Nuclear News (Oct. 11,
2010), http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/NN Constellation rejects loan guarantee
terms 1110101.html.




n219  See id. Michael Wallace, the COO of Constellation Energy rejected the
DOE/OMB's proposed 11.6 percent CSC fee for the company's loan guarantee
application for its joint venture with Electricite de France to increase the
Calvert Cliffs project. He expressed particular frustration with OMB and its
flawed methodology in calculating the CSC. The article reproduced Wallace's
letter to DOE. He wrote, in part that During the course of our discussions,
Constellation Energy and our partners identified a significant problem in the
methodology that the OMB requires for the credit cost calculation, a problem
that is applicable beyond just our project, and therefore of significant program
and policy consequence. Yet in seeking to explore this further, we encountered
significant delay and resistance in being able to even engage on the issue.
After finally being able to detail our analysis of the problem and possible
solutions to key officials, and after Congress held a hearing exploring the
broader problem, we understand the [Obama] Administration may convene an
interagency process to consider it further. But the timing of such discussions,
their ultimate conclusion, and the prospect of a reasonable outcome remain
wholly uncertain.Id.




n220  Robert Thomson, Politics and Policy: Energy Secretary Steven Chu on the
Administration's Game Plan, Wall St. J., Mar. 8, 2010,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424 052748704869304575104621269451154.html.




n221  Katherine Ling, OMB Rebuked at Loan Guarantee Hearing, Despite Absence,
Env't & Energy Daily, Sept. 24, 2010.




n222  Id.




n223  Senator Bingaman introduced two bills to streamline the loan guarantee
application process by, among other things, including eliminating third party
credit rating requirements for projects less than $ 100 million and authorizing
the Secretary of Energy to issue conditional commitments after OMB's first
recommendation without further approval. S. 3746, 111th Cong. (2010), 156 Cong.
Rec. S6899-6900 (daily ed. Aug. 5, 2010); S. 3759, 111th Cong. (2010), 156 Cong.
Rec. S6904 (daily ed. Aug. 5, 2010).




n224  See, e.g., The No More Solyndras Act (H.R. 6213), House Energy and
Commerce Committee (Sept. 10, 2012),
http://energycommerce.house.gov/fact-sheet/no-more- solyndras -act-hr-6213.




n225  Press Release, Energy & Commerce Committee, Energy & Commerce Leaders
Probe OMB for Role in DOE Stimulus Loan Guarantees, Risky Half Billion Dollar
Award to Solyndra a Top Concern (Mar. 14, 2011),
energycommerce.house.gov/press.release/energy -commerce-
leaders-probe-omb-role-doe-stimulus-loan-guarantees-risky-half-billion
(describing the brief and the concerns it contained).




n226  Memorandum from Carol Browner et al., to the President of the United
States, Renewable Energy Loan Guarantees and Grants 1-5 (Oct. 25, 2010)
[hereinafter White H o u s e B r i e f i n g M e m o ] , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://archives.republicans.energycommerce.house.gov
/Media/file/Hearings/Oversight/111711 solyndra/Documents/DB Part 3 Documents 32A
42K.pdf (labeling the memo "Document F").




n227  Id. at 4-6; see also American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub.
L. No. 111-5, § 1603, 123 Stat. 115, 363-367. Section 1603 provided a cash grant
option in lieu of existing investment or production tax credits to owners of
various types of REI projects and was administered by the U.S. Department of
Treasury. This program was generally referred to as Section 1603 or the Cash
Grant program. Section 1603 expired December 31, 2011. The White House Briefing
Memo also compared the relative merits of the cash grant program to Section
1705. The variety and complexity of government incentives was difficult to
navigate for many participants in the REI. White House Briefing Memo, supra note
226, at 2-3.




n228  Tom Hamburger et al., Obama Advisors Raised Warning Flags Before Solyndra
B a n k r u p t c y , L . A . T i m e s ( S e p t . 2 6 , 2 0 1 1 ) ,
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/sep/26/nation/la -na-energy-loans-20110927.




n229  See id.; Andrew Malcolm, Obama Was Warned of Loan Dangers Long Before
Solyndra Sank, L.A. Times Blogs (Sept. 27, 2011, 3:08 AM),
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com
/washington/2011/09/obama-solyndra-larry-summers.html.




n230  As part of the appropriations for the DOE LGP, GAO was tasked with
undertaking periodic audits of the program and reporting to Congress. See
GAO-12-157, supra note 214.




n231  See also U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-07-798T, Dep't of Energy:
Observations on Actions to Implement the New Loan Guarantee Program for
Innovative Technologies (2007), http://www.gao.gov/assets/120/116357.pdf
[hereinafter GAO-07- 798T]. See generally Key Steps Needed, supra note 153.




n232  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-10-627, Department of Energy:
Further Actions Are Needed to Improve DOE's Ability to Evaluate and Implement
the Loan Guarantee Program 13 (2010) [hereinafter GAO-10-627], available at
http://www.gao .gov/new.items/d10627.pdf (noting inconsistent treatment of
applicants, no systematic appeals process, and failure to issue a solicitation
for all Section 1705 projects, notably manufacturing projects).




n233  See U.S. Dep't of Energy, Office of the Inspector General, DOE/IG-0849,
Audit Report: The Department of Energy's Loan Guarantee Program for Clean Energy
Technologies 2, 3, 10 (2011), available at
http://www.recovery.gov/Accountability /inspectors/Documents/IG-0849.pdf.




n234  Michael J. Gergen et al., Investing in a Clean Energy Future, PFI Yearbook
(2010).




n235  See 1705, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov/?page id =41 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n236  See Gergen et al., supra note 234 (stating that "While the LGPwill likely
prove to have been a helpful first step in establishing a federal credit support
program for clean energy technologies, it is only a first step, especially given
its limited appropriations and the limited life of its Recovery Act
provisions").




n237  See Letter from Bob Dineen, President & CEO, Renewable Fuels Assoc., to
Steven Chu, Secretary, U.S. Dep't of Energy (Oct. 26, 2009), available at h t t
p : / / w w w . e t h a n o l r f a . o r g / p a g e / -
/objects/documents/2677/doe loan guarantee letter.pdf. Mr. Dineen noted that the
requirements for (1) long term offtake contracts with guaranteed pricing, (2)
extensive commercial scale financial and operational data, and (3) higher levels
of equity for startup technologies than for more mature technologies with
commensurate indicative debt ratings to prove projects had a reasonable prospect
of repayment, could not be easily met by ethanol projects since ethanol is a
commodity business and sells its product in the spot market, similar to oil and
other refined petroleum products. He also noted that start up businesses could
not demonstrate long track records of data and, in the same vein, the equity
behind startups was generally less than established businesses and, therefore,
credit ratings were not forthcoming for businesses. Id.




n238  The Export-Import Bank of the United States is also known as the "Ex-Im
Bank." The Bank's mission is to support U.S. jobs through exports and is the
United States' export credit agency. Ex-Im Bank accomplishes its mission by
offering a number of products, such as direct loans, loan guarantees and export
credit insurance. See generally Our Mission, About Us, Export-Import Bank of the
United States, http://www.exim.gov/about/ (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n239  See generally Clements & Sims, supra note 153. The CEDA proposal was
viewed as similar to Ex-Im Bank because it would have the goal of becoming a
self-sustaining agency offering a variety of products to assist clean energy
industries. Unlike Section 1703 and Section 1705, loan guarantees would be just
one product that the CEDA could offer. The CEDA was intended to have
significantly more appropriations to expand its scope. See Clean Energy
Development Administration: Hearing on S.1462 Before the S. Committee on Energy
and Natural Res., 112th Cong. (May 3, 2011); Press Release, U.S. Chamber of
Commerce, U.S. Chamber Backs Clean Energy Deployment Administration at Senate
Hearing (May 3, 2011), available at
http://www.uschamber.com/press/releases/2011/may /us-chamber-backs-clean-energy-
deployment-administration-senate-hearing.




n240  See Appendix (listing LGP Office solicitations).




n241  See Jennifer F. Massouh et al., Real Promise or False Hope: DOE's Title
XVII Guarantee, 22 Electricity J. 53 (2009) [hereinafter Title XVII Paper].




n242  Id. at 60.




n243  Id.




n244  Id.




n245  Id. at 61.




n246  Id.




n247  Title XVII Paper, supra note 241, at 61-62.




n248  Id. at 63.




n249  Id.




n250  Id.




n251  Id. at 64. Conversely, typical project financing, lenders will often allow
the borrower and its equity sponsors to count more than just cash contributed
equity as equity. For example, an equity sponsor may contribute land, materials
or even equity in a subsidiary to the project borrower and would seek to have
such contributions accepted by the lenders. Furthermore, solely utilizing
upfront cash equity may not be the most economically efficient capital
structure.




n252  Id. at 64-65.




n253  See, e.g., Loan Guarantees for Projects that Employ Innovative
Technologies, 74 Fed. Reg. 63,544, 63,546 (to be codified at 10 C.F.R. pt. 609)
(totaling up the number of interested parties who submitted comments).




n254  Id. at 64,546 (issuing a revised final rule in this announcement). The DOE
had previously issued a Notice of Public Rulemaking and Opportunity to Comment
on August 7, 2009. Id.




n255  Id.




n256  Id. at 63,544.




n257  Id. at 63,545, 63,546. The Solyndra Part, infra Part IV, briefly describes
some of the collateral security aspects of these updated regulations.




n258  See Title XVII Paper, supra note 241, at 57.




n259  See 10 C.F.R. § 609.2 (2012) (defining commercial technology).




n260  See Title XVII Paper, supra note 241, at 54, 55.




n261  Id. at 58, 59.




n262  1703, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=39 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n263  GAO Recommendations, supra note 125, at 20.




n264  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n265  Id.




n266  Id.; see Press Release, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy, Vice
President Biden Announces Finalized $ 535 Million Loan Guarantee for Solyndra
(Sept. 4, 2009), available at https://lpo.energy.gov/?p=827; Press Release, U.S.
Dep't of Energy, Obama Administration Offers $ 535 Million Loan Guarantee to
Solyndra, Inc. (Mar. 20, 2009), available at https:// lpo.energy.gov/?p=839.




n267  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n268  Peg Brickley, Solar Energy Firm Files for Chapter 11-Solyndra's Step Marks
Big Loss for Backers; U.S. Is Creditor, Wall St. J., Sept. 7, 2011, at B5,
available at http://www
.djreprints.com/link/DJRFactiva.html?FACTIVA=wjco20110907000029. Note that this
article reported figures $ 527 million, while the DOE LPO reported $ 535
million, for the amount of Solyndra's loan guarantee. The difference between the
two figures is that the original guaranteed loan commitment to Solyndra was for
$ 535M. At the time of Solyndra's Chapter 11 filing, it had borrowed $ 527M of
the $ 535M.




n269  See Solyndra, Inc., Registration Statement (Form S-1) (Amended by S-1A
March 16, 2010) at 16, available at
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1443115/0001193125 10058567/ds1a.htm.




n270  See id. at 16.




n271  See Innovative Cadmium Telluride Technology, First Solar Inc.,
http://www.firstsolar .com/Innovation/CdTe-Technology (last visited Jan. 30,
2013). At the time of Solyndra's founding in 2005, polysilica was the only
material used to produce solar panels. Since then, other companies have created
panels with other materials.




n272  See Registration Statement, supra note 269, at 26.




n273  See id. at 1-3.




n274  Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer, In Support of First Day Motions at P 8, In re Solyndra LLC et al., No.
11-12799 (Bankr. Del. 2011), available at
https://www.solyndra-info.com/courtfilings.aspx (listed under filing date
09/06/2011; filing #13). The new facility was nicknamed "Fab 2" and its
construction was the basis for the loan and loan guarantee made to Solyndra.
Solyndra had another manufacturing facility nicknamed "Fab 1," which was idled
when Solyndra hit financial troubles in November 2010.




n275  See Appendix.




n276  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at P 8.




n277  See id. P 8.




n278  Carol D. Leonnig et al., Obama's Focus on Visiting Clean-Tech Companies
Raises Q u e s t i o n s , W a s h . P o s t ( J u n e 2 5 , 2 0 1 1 ) ,
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/obamas -focus-on-visiting-clean-tech-
companies-raises-questions/2011/06/24/AGSFu9kH story.html (discussing Obama's
visits to "clean technology" businesses, including a visit to Solyndra in May
2010, weeks after auditors questioned whether Solyndra could remain a going
concern); see also Alison Vekshin, Treasury Department's Watchdog Probes Federal
Bank Role in Solyndra's Loan, Bloomberg (Sept. 14, 2011, 2:32 PM),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news /2011-09-
14/treasury-department-s-watchdog-probes-federal-bank-role-in-solyndra-s-loan
.html (describing the start of a federal probe into Solyndra).




n279  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n280  These difficulties culminated in Solyndra's filing for bankruptcy. See
Brickley, supra note 268. The problems that caused Solyndra's demise were market
risks, as discussed infra Part V.B.




n281  Solyndra, Inc., S-1 Registration Statement Withdrawal, Form RW (June 18,
2010), a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1443115/000119312510141727/drw.htm.




n282  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at PP 16-24
(detailing the February 2011 Restructuring).




n283  See id. PP 16-22 (describing the intercreditor priorities agreed to during
the February 2011 restructuring).




n284  See Yuliya Chernova, After Investing $ 1B, Solyndra's Backers Finally Lose
Their Grip, Wall St. J. Blogs (Aug. 31, 2011, 6:59 PM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/venturecapital/2011/08
/31/after-investing-1b-solyndras-backers- finally-lose-their-grip/. This title
is somewhat misleading, as equity investors are always structurally subordinated
to the interests of lenders, and secured lenders stand at the top of the
priority pyramid. One of the troubles with the Solyndra restructuring was that
significant amounts of equity were converted to debt, of course at a discount,
as described later in this Article.




n285  Eric Wesoff, Solyndra IPO Canceled, Greentech Solar (June 17, 2010),
http://www .greentechmedia.com/articles/read/solyndra-ipo-cancelled (reporting
on Solyndra's announcement that it filed a request with the SEC to withdraw its
S-1 Registration Statement).




n286  Yuliya Chernova, Solyndra CEO: We Made Two Major Mistakes, Wall St. J.
Blogs (Mar. 3 , 2 0 1 1 , 3 : 5 8 P M ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://blogs.wsj.com/venturecapital/2011/03/03/solyndra -ceo-we-made-two-major-
mistakes (quoting the CEO that "the company has not focused as much as it should
have on commercial aspects. 'The emphasis was on technology innovation,' he
said, and 'much less on commercial aspects, like developing market and sales
channels.'").




n287  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at P 24 (describing
Solyndra's situation after the February 2011 restructuring yielding an
additional $ 75 million, but resulting in $ 783 million in senior secured debt).




n288  The project company for the Fremont manufacturing facility, Solyndra LLC,
and its parent company, 360 Solar Degree Holdings, Inc., both filed for
bankruptcy and these




n289  proceedings were consolidated into a single proceeding. This declaration
detailed Solyndra's corporate structure and described how the FFB was utilized
to construct the Fremont facility. See Declarationof W.G. Stover, Jr., supra
note 274,at P 1, P 10. Ronald D. White, Solar Panel Firm Solyndra to Cease
Operations, L.A. Times, Sept. 1, 2011,
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/sep/01/business/la-fi-solar-shutdown-20110901.




n290  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at P 23.




n291 " First day filing motions" are motions by the filer, known as the debtor,
at the beginning of a bankruptcy proceeding in which the debtor requests certain
things from the court to enable the debtor to continue its normal operations,
such as the right to use cash collateral to pay routine expenses, such as paying
salaries and accounts payables, the ability to hire professionals, typically
bankruptcy professionals, obtain financing after the bankruptcy and other
matters. See generally Daniel M. Press & Brett Weiss, First-Day Motions in
Individual Debtor Chapter 11 Cases, LexisNexis Communities (Dec. 12, 2011, 3:15
PM),
http://www.lexisnexis.com/community/bankruptcylaw/blogs/bankruptcycommentary/arc
hive /2011/12/12/first-day-motions-in-individual-debtor-chapter-11-cases.aspx.




n292  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at P 8.




n293  See, e.g., Wendy Koch, U.S. Finalizes Steep Tariffs on China's Solar
Panels, USA T o d a y ( N o v . 7 , 2 0 1 2 , 6 : 2 3 P M ) ,
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2012/11/07/us-tariff -China-Solar-
Panels/1689177/.




n294  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at P 23.




n295  Jacqueline Palank, Attorney: Solyndra Still Open to Turnkey Bids, Wall St.
J. Blogs (Jan. 31, 2012, 3:44 PM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/bankruptcy/2012/01/31/attorney- solyndra-still
-open-to-turnkey-bids/.




n296  See White, supra note 289.




n297  Aviva Gat, Solar Eclipse? Three U.S. Solar Panel Makers in Chapter 11, The
Deal Pipeline (Sept. 21, 2011),
http://www.thedeal.com/content/restructuring/solar-eclipse
-three-us-solar-panel-makers-in-chapter-11.php.




n298  See id.




n299  See id.




n300  See id.




n301  Becky Beetz, PV Polysilicon Prices Continue to Plummet, PV Magazine, Sept.
17, 2012,
http://www.pv-magazine.com/news/details/beitrag/pv-polysilicon-prices-continue-t
o- plummet 100008512/. "PV" is shorthand for "photovoltaic."




n302  Koch, supra note 293.




n303  Matthew L. Wald, Panel Says Chinese Imports Hurt U.S. Solar Firms, N.Y.
Times (Dec. 2, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/03/business/energy-environment/chinese -
imports-hurt-us-solar-companies-trade-commission-says.html.




n304  See Press Release, Coalition for American Solar Manufacturing, U.S.
Department of Commerce Finds Massive Surge of Chinese Solar Imports (Jan. 30,
2012), available at http://
www.americansolarmanufacturing.org/news-releases/01-30-12-casm-critical-
circumstances -release.pdf; Keith Bradsher, Trade War in Solar Takes Shape, N.Y.
Times (Nov. 9, 2011),
http:/www.nytimes.com/2011/11/10/business/global/us-and-china-
on-brink-of-trade-war-over -solar-power-industry.html (describing investigation
commenced by the Commerce Department, following petition by seven American solar
manufacturers seeking tariffs be imposed on solar panels imported from China.
Assessment is that the wholesale price of solar panels has dropped to $ 1 to $
1.20/ watt of capacity vs. $ 1.80 in January and $ 3.30 in 2008). Keith
Bradsher, U.S. Solar Panel Makers Say China Violated Trade Rules, N.Y. Times
(Oct. 19, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/20/business/global/us-solar-manufacturers
-to-ask-for- duties-on-imports.html?pagewanted=all& r=0; Stuart Burns, U.S.
Solar Panel Producers Calling for Tariffs Against Chinese Manufacturers,
Oilprice.com (Nov. 14, 2011, 10:39 PM),
http://oilprice.com/Alternative-Energy/Solar-Energy/US-Solar-Panel-Producers -
Calling-For-Tariffs-Against-Chinese-Manufacturers.html (stating the Dep't of
Commerce's time table for a preliminary decision).




n305  International Trade Administration, U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Fact Sheet,
Commerce Preliminarily Finds Dumping of Cystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Cells,
Whether or Not Assembled into Modules from the People's Republic of China
(2012), available at
http://ia.ita.doc.gov/download/factsheets/factsheet-prc-solar-cells-ad -prelim-
20120517.pdf; Keith Bradsher & Matthew L. Wald, A Measured Rebuttal to China
over Solar Panels, N.Y. Times, Mar. 20, 2012,
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/21/business
/energy-environment/us-to-place-tariffs-on-chinese-solar-panels.html. But see
Nigam Arora, U.S. Wimps Out, Refuses to Fight Chinese Solar Dominance, Forbes
(Mar. 21, 2012, 12:51 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2012/03/21/u-s-wimps- out-refuses
-to-fight-chinese-solar-dominance/ (lamenting that the imposed tariffs were far
lower than hoped for).




n306  See Martin LaMonica, Solar Industry Bloodbath Leads to Another Bankruptcy,
CNET News (Feb. 14, 2012, 11:29 AM), http://news.cnet.com/8301-11386
3-57377645-76/solar - industry-bloodbath-leads-to-another-bankruptcy/ (noting
that ECD's subsidiaries both developed flexible silicon cells and developed
solar projects, the manufacturing subsidiary was shut down in 2011).




n307  See Caroline Humer et al., Abound Solar Files to Liquidate in Bankruptcy,
Reuters (July 3, 2012, 1:02 AM),
http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/07/02/us-aboundsolar- bankruptcy
-idINBRE86118020120702; Matthew L. Wald, A 2nd U.S.-Supported Maker of Solar
Panels Will Close, N.Y. Times, June 28, 2012,
http://www.nytimes/2012/06/29/business/energy
-environment/abound-solar-says-it-will- file-for-bankruptcy.html.




n308  See Marc Osborne, Motech Pulls the Plug on AE Polysilicon Operations, PV
Tech (May 29, 2012), available at http://www.pv-tech.org/news/motech pulls the
plug on ae polysilicon operations.




n309  See Gat, supra note 297.




n310  See generally Study: Incentives Giving Boost to European Solar Sector,
EurActiv (July 28, 2008),
http://www.euractiv.com/energy/study-incentives-giving-boost-eu-news -220297.




n311  European Solar Incentive Cuts Initiate Global Photovoltaic Market Shift,
Solarbuzz (June 22, 2011),
http://www.solarbuzz.com/news/recent-findings/european-solar- incentive
-cuts-initiate-global-photovoltaic-market-shift.




n312  Compare First Solar Ousts CEO, Shares Dive 24 Percent, CNET News (Oct. 25,
2011, 2:53 PM), http://news.cnet.com/8301-11128
3-20125518-54/first-solar-ousts-ceo- shares -dive-24-percent/ (stating that the
Board of Directors ousted CEO of First Solar), with Solar Stocks Soar on First
Solar Deal, Yahoo! Finance (June 12, 2012, 2:32 PM), http://finance
.yahoo.com/news/solar-stocks-soar-first-solar- 183226369.html.




n313  Sajid Farooq, FBI Raids Solyndra's CEO, Founder's Homes, NBC Bay Area
(Sept. 9, 2011),
http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/FBI-Raids-Solyndras-CEO-Founders-Homes -
129556623.html.




n314  Id.




n315  See Seth Stern & Jim Snyder, FBI Said to Be Probing Solyndra for Possible
Account Fraud, Bloomberg (Sept. 29, 2011),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/print/2011-09-29
/fbi-said-to-be-probing-solyndra-for-possible-accounting-fraud.html.




N316  See Jacqueline Palank, Trustee Brings FBI, Accounting Experience to
Solyndra Probe, Wall St. J. Blogs (Mar. 27, 2012, 12:23 PM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/bankruptcy/2012/03/27
/trustee-brings-fbi-accounting-experience- to-solyndra-probe/.




n317  Neilson Report, supra note 213, at 3, 4. For example, one findingof the
report was that all legal and consulting fees were reasonable. Id. at 180-81.




n318  One hearing was before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of
the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. See Solyndra and the DOE Loan
Guarantee Program: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Oversight and Investigations
of the H. Comm. on Energy and Commerce, 112th Cong. (2011) (statements of
Jeffrey Zients, Deputy Director, OMB; and Jonathan Silver, Executive Director,
Dep't of Energy Loan Programs Office), a v a i l a b l e a t
http://archives.republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/hearings/hearingdetail
.aspx?NewsID=8897. The other was a full committee hearing of the Senate
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. See Full Committee Hearing: Allison
Report on DOE Loan Guarantee Program, Hearings and Business Meetings, U.S.
Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, available at
http://www.energy.senate.gov/public/index.cfm
/hearings-and-business-meetings?ID=d0867c7a-9cca-4f12-8bb9-57d0fa02ab58.




n319  Bonner R. Cohen, Solyndra Scandal Widens, Chu Pressured to Resign,
Heartlander (Nov. 19, 2011),
http://news.heartland.org/newspaper-article/2011/11/19/solyndra-scandal -
widens-chu-pressured-resign; Ben Geman & Andrew Restuccia, Rep. Barton: Chu
Could Be 'Fall Guy' on Solyndra, The Hill (Nov. 17, 2011, 2:15 PM),
http://thehill.com/blogs/e2 -wire/e2-wire/194341-barton-chu-may-be-fall-guy-on-
solyndra.




n320  Yuki Noguchi, Solyndra Flop May Cost Taxpayers, Embarrass Obama, NPR Radio
Broadcast (Sept. 15, 2011),
http://www.npr.org/2011/09/15/140489033/solyndra-flop-may -cost-
taxpayers-embarrass-obama.




n321  See, e.g., Department of Energy "Junk Loans" and Cronyism-Intro, Green
Corruption (Apr. 28, 2012),
http://greencorruption.blogspot.com/2012/04/green-corruption- department
-of-energy.html#.UKam74Zx6Vo; Marita Noon, The Special Seven: Obama's
Green-Energy Crony-Corruption Story, Part IV, Conservative Action Alerts (Sept.
20, 2012), http://
www.conservativeactionalerts.com/2012/09/the-special-seven-obamas-
green-energy-crony -corruption-story-part-iv/.




n322  See Eric Wesoff, Update: SolarCity and SolarStrong Lose to a Congress with
Solyndra Fever, Greentech Media (Sept. 23, 2011),
http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read
/Update-SolarCity-and-SolarStrong-Lose-to-Congress-and-Solyndra-Fever/
(SolarCity had planned to partner with military housing developers and install
solar panels on as many as 160,000 rooftops to produce up to 371 MW of
additional electric capacity, but was unable to reach the finish line to receive
a conditional commitment from DOE).




n323  See, e.g., White House Lashes Out at Congress Over 'Partisan' Solyndra
Investigation, CNS News (Nov. 10, 2011),
http://cnsnews.com/news/article/white-house- lashes-out-congress
-over-partisan-solyndra-investigation.




n324  Jim Snyder, Democrat Says Issa Hasn't Shown 'Scandal' in Energy Loans,
Bloomberg (Mar. 19, 2012, 3:05 PM),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-03-19/democrat-says-issa
-hasn-t-shown-broad-scandal-in-energy-loans.html.




n325  See generally The Solyndra Failure: Views from DOE Secretary Chu, Hearing
Before the Subcomm. on Oversight and Investigations of the H. Energy and
Commerce Comm., 112th C o n g . ( 2 0 1 1 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://archives.republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/hearings
/hearingdetail.aspx?NewsID=9090.




n326  The Obama Administration's Green Energy Gamble Part II: Were All the
Taxpayer Subsidies Necessary?: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Regulatory Affairs
of the H. Comm. on Oversight and Gov't Reform, 112th Cong. (2012) (testimony of
Veronique De Rugy, Senior Research Fellow, Mercatus Center at George Mason
Univ.) [hereinafter De Rugy Testimony], available at
http://oversight.house.gov/wp- content/uploads/2012/06/DeRugy -Testimony.pdf.




n327  Memorandum from the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, The Solyndra
Story, 112th Cong. 2, 12-13 (2011) [hereinafter Solyndra Story Memo], available
at http://
energycommerce.house.gov/sites/republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/files/analys
is /20110914solyndra.pdf.




n328  H. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Majority Staff Report,
The Solyndra Failure 103, 105 (2012), available at
http://energycommerce.house.gov/sites
/republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/files/analysis/20120802solyndra.pdf.




n329  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at PP 16-24
(describing the February 2011 restructuring, the intercreditor priority
arrangements among the lenders and the secured debt burden of the company).




n330  See Neilson Report, supra note 213, at 177.




n331  See id. at 128.




n332  Id.




n333  See id.




n334  See Declaration of W.G. Stover, Jr., supra note 274, at PP 16-22; see also
Matthew Daly, Solyndra Bankruptcy: Obama Administration Considered Bailout, H u
f f i n g t o n P o s t ( N o v . 2 , 2 0 1 1 , 1 1 : 2 8 P M ) ,
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/11/02/solyndra-bankruptcy
-obama-administration- bailout n 1072737.html.




n335  Memorandum for the General Counsel from Susan S. Richardson on Solyndra R
e s t r u c t u r i n g ( F e b . 1 5 , 2 0 1 1 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://assets.nationaljournal.com/pdf/111014 SolyndraMemo1.pdf (interpreting §
1702(d)(3) of Title XVII to be a condition precedent to issuing loan guarantees,
not an ongoing requirement).




n336  See Solyndra Story Memo, supra note 327, at 2.




n337  Loan Guarantees for Projects That Employ Innovative Technologies, 74 Fed.
Reg. 63,544 (Dec. 4, 2009) (to be codified at 10 C.F.R. pt. 609).




n338  Id.; see also Title XVII Paper, supra note 241, at 63, 64. Some of the
comments of the PF authors were items that DOE updated in this December
rulemaking to ensure DOE's regulations were consistent with the project finance
market practice as well as applicable to structures used for renewable and clean
energy transactions.




n339  Loan Guarantees for Projects That Employ Innovative Technologies, 74 Fed.
Reg. at 63,545 (Dec. 4, 2009).




n340  See id.




n341  See id. at 63,549 (notifying Congress of the issuance of the final rule).




n342  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=45 (identifying the majority of recent recipients
as generation projects).




n343  See Gat, supra note 297 (discussing the market challenges that affected
manufacturers of solar energy products).




n344  See Chernova, We Made Two Major Mistakes, supra note 286.




n345  See Russell Gold, Wind, Solar Energy Still Face Big Hurdles-Solar Gains
Traction, Thanks to Subsidies, Wall St. J., Mar. 31, 2011, at B1 (discussing
general drop in pricing and consumer trends to install panels with assistance of
federal and state subsidies in addition to reductions in panel prices. Utility
scale developers have also benefitted from the drop in panel prices).




n346  The diverse groups within the broader REI complicate the ability to craft
a coherent framework of incentives even for just the REEGI to reach grid parity
and long term sustainability without incentives, as I will discuss in a future
work.




n347  ARRA of 2009, § 406, 42 U.S.C. § 16516(a) (Supp. IV 2010).




n348  Id. § 16513(a)(2).




n349  Dawn McCarty, Beacon Power, Backed by U.S. Loan Guarantees, Files
Bankruptcy, Bloomberg Businessweek (Oct. 31, 2011),
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-10 - 31/beacon-power-backed-by-u-s-
loan-guarantees-files-bankruptcy.html.




n350  Id.




n351  Id.




n352  Voluntary Petition, Consolidated List of Twenty Creditors Holding Largest
Unsecured Claims, In re Beacon Power Corp. et al., No. 11-13450-KJC (Bankr. Del.
2011), available at http://www.stewartlaw.pro/site files/documents/beacon
power.pdf.




n353  See id. Beacon Power Corporation, Stephentown Holding LLC and Stephentown
Regulation Services LLC sought to be combined into a single filing on Beacon
Power's voluntary petition. Of the list of 20 largest unsecured creditors of the
entity, Beacon listed, Beacon listed 18 trade creditors and two professional
creditors, with just over half of the $ 1.6 million owed to these creditors
going to the trade creditors and the balance to professional creditors.




n354  Martin LaMonica, Beacon Power: We're Broke, But We're No Solyndra, CNET
News (Nov. 1, 2011, 2:04 PM), http://news.cnet.com/8301-11128
3-20128637-54/beacon-power -were- broke-but-were-no-solyndra/.




n355  Martin LaMonica, DOE-Backed Beacon Power Finds Buyer Post-Bankruptcy, CNET
News (Feb. 6, 2012, 2:49 PM), http://news.cnet.com/8301-11386
3-57372189-76/doe-backed - beacon-power-finds-buyer-post-bankruptcy/.




n356  Id.




n357  Id.




n358  See Humer et al., supra note 307; Wald, supra note 307.




n359  Wald, supra note 307.




n360  See Matthew Mosk, Fisker May Never Build Electric Cars in US, ABC News:
The Blotter (May 30, 2012), http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/fisker-build-electric
-cars-us/story ?id=16458585#.




n361  See id.




n362  Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013) (listing five
auto manufacturers as the ATVM recipients).




n363  Id.




n364  See Mosk, supra note 360.




n365  See The Obama Administration's Green Energy Gamble Part II: Were All the
Taxpayer Subsidies Necessary?: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Regulatory Affairs
of the H. Comm. on Oversight and Gov't Reform, 112th Cong. (June 19, 2012)
[hereinafter Green Energy Gamble], available at
http://oversight.house.gov/hearing/the-obama- administrations-green
-energy-gamble-part-ii-were-all-the-taxpayer-subsidies- necessary/.




n366  See id.; see also Alicia Mundy & Ryan Tracy, Solar Firm's Big Push for
U.S. Loan, Wall St. J., June 6, 2012, at A4 (describing the lobbying efforts by
BrightSource Energy to seek approval for loan guarantee, including hiring of
former Biden Chief of Staff and meetings with White House officials in an effort
to seek approval by DOE).




n367  See Green Energy Gamble, supra note 365.




n368  FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 5.




n369  See Appendix. The FIPP Solicitation supported renewable energy generation
system projects employing commercial technologies that were ready for
construction, but not for the financial crisis.




n370  See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 8.




n371  See Letter from David G. Frantz, supra note 184.




n372  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58 § 1703(b), 119 Stat. 594,
1120 (2005).




n373  See Herbert Allison, Report of the Independent Consultant's Review with
Respect to the Dep't of Energy Loan and Loan Guarantee Portfolio 22, 71 (2012)
[hereinafter Independent Consultant's Report], available at
http://www.whitehouse .gov/sites/default/files/docs/report on doe loan and
guarantee portfolio.pdf.




n374  See generally Joel Darmstadter & Joshua Linn, Loan Guarantees
Reconsidered, Resources for the Future (2011), available at
http://www.rff.org/Publications/WPC /Pages/Loan-Guarantees-Reconsidered.aspx.




n375  See supra Part IV.D.




n376  See Jesse Jenkins et al., Solyndra's Failure Is No Reason to Abandon
Federal Energy Innovation Policy, Forbes (Sept. 2, 2011, 7:33 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/energy
source/2011/09/02/solyndras-failure-is-no-reason-
to-abandon-federal-energy-innovation -policy.




n377  See supra notes 342, 343, and accompanying text.




n378  See Gat, supra note 297.




n379  The LGP Office, in issuing its solicitations, required applicants
demonstrate acceptable credit ratings without giving effect to the proposed loan
guarantee. See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 9.




n380  See also Michael Graetz, The End of Energy: The Unmaking of America's
Environment, Security, and Independence 120 (2011) (describing implementation of
the Energy Tax Act of 1978. The Energy Tax Act included subsidies for, solar
power as well as synthetic fuels. The Department of Energy ran a loan guarantee
program to develop innovative technologies from the late 1970s until the 1980s).
See generally Herrick, supra note 117, at 259-60 (describing DOE's synthetic
fuel loan guarantee program).




n381  See supra Part IV.D.2. In the syngas period, when government incentives
for this area ended, various projects failed, including those with DOE loan
guarantees. Today, loan guarantees must act in concert with other government
incentives for a period, because the REI is not yet self-sustaining. Loan
guarantees will not enable industries to achieve financial viability but will
serve to attract financing to projects.




n382  See Energy Policy Act of 2005§ 1703, 42 U.S.C. § 16513 (2006)pra note 149
and accompanying text.




n383  Our Mission, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=17 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n384  See supra notes 146-47 (defining commercial and new/significantly improved
technology). It may be argued that technology loan guarantee programs are not
the best suited to create jobs, however, this is beyond the scope of this
Article.




n385  See 10 C.F.R. § 609.1, § 609.2 (offering vague definitions of eligible
technologies).




n386  See supra notes 153-56, and accompanying text.




n387  See supra notes 185-87, and accompanying text.




n388  See Key Steps Needed, supra note 153, at 27, 36; U.S. Gov't Accountability
Office, GAO-07-798T, supra note 231 and accompanying text.




n389  See GAO Recommendations, supra note 141, at 2.




n390  See id. The GAO's recommendation for the DOE to examine Fannie Mae's loan
guarantee program for its clear performance metrics and streamlined loan
guarantee process was ironic. About three months after the GAO's report, Fannie
Mae (the Federal National Mortgage Association) and its sister government
sponsored enterprise, Freddie Mac (Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation)
experienced massive losses and had to be taken over by the Federal government
and placed into conservatorship.




n391  1705, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=41 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n392  For example, for wind generation, developers set up testing equipment to
measure wind speed in various locations and track results over any extended
period of time, because wind can change seasonally. Likewise, solar projects
must determine how much sun a location gets. Geothermal projects likely take the
most time, as land options must be obtained, then test wells bored to assess
whether a particular area has sufficient steam-much like exploration for any
other underground natural resource. See, e.g., Joshua Moss, Wind Energy in
Michigan, Michigan Policy Network (May 6, 2 0 1 2 ) , h t t p : / / w w w . m i
c h i g a n p o l i c y . c o m /index.php?option=com
content&view=article&id=1199:wind-energy-in-michigan&catid
=39:energy-and-environment-policy-briefs&Itemid=138.




n393  NEPA Task Force Report to CEQ, Modernizing NEPA Implementation 66 (2003),
available at http://ceq.hss.doe.gov/ntf/report/finalreport.pdf.




n394  Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013) (listing only
2-1703 Program projects, 26-1705 Program projects and 5 ATVM projects approved
for guarantees).




n395  See id. Of the 33 projects guaranteed, at least half were generation
projects. See also, FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 5-8 (providing for
generation projects' eligibility but excluding manufacturing projects).




n396  Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov/?page id=45/ (last visited Jan. 30, 2013). In addition to
Solyndra and Abound Solar, the LGP Office also supported two other solar
manufacturers: 1366 Technologies, Inc. and SoloPower.




n397  See Independent Consultant's Report, supra note 373, at 22, 71 (discussing
how generation projects lend themselves to steady offtake contracts).




n398  See supra notes 144, 145, and accompanying text.




n399  See, e.g., Eligibility, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=31 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n400  See Our Projects, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=45 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n401  FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176,at 8. It would be instructiveto consider
whether partial risk loan guarantee programs generally lower default rates more
than comprehensive guarantee programs, perhaps because of additional private
lender due diligence. Evaluating this would be complicated, given the different
intent of various loan guarantee programs.




n402  See Naureen S. Malik & Cassandra Sweet, Proposal Aims to Gut DOE Loan
Program, Wall St. J., Mar. 30, 2011,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405274870380630457 6232712438183564.html
(describing a Republican House Budget proposal seeking to cut the $ 41 billion
loan guarantee program included in the President's FY2012 budget. The article
quoted Rob Gillette, then CEO of First Solar, "The DOE loan program provides an
important financing 'bridge' at a time when the U.S. private debt markets have
little to no experience financing first of their kind utility-scale solar
projects." The CFO of NRG Energy, Inc. was quoted, "Without the federal loan
guarantee program, private-sector capital earmarked for this and other
clean-energy projects will stay on the sidelines.").




n403  See, e.g., The No More Solyndras Act (H.R. 6213), House Energy & Commerce
Committee (Sept. 10, 2012),
http://energycommerce.house.gov/fact-sheet/no-more-solyndras -act- hr-6213. Some
members of Congress have recommended limiting or defunding the program in its
entirety. As recently as July 2012, Congressman Upton introduced legislation he
termed the "No More Solyndras Act." Congressional Republicans Target Clean
Energy Loan Guarantee Programs, Platts (July 10, 2012, 2:45 PM),
http://www.platts.com/RSS FeedDetailedNews/RSSFeed/ElectricPower/6453353.




n404  See Autumn Hanna, Department of Energy: Loan Guarantee Program Overview,
Taxpayers for Common Sense (Apr. 2011), available at C. As of the date of
publication, groups prepared summaries and tables outlining the appropriations
for the 1703 and 1705 Programs, as well as noting the differences between
parties regarding continued support for the program. But see Jenkins et al.,
supra note 376 (arguing that Solyndra is a small part of the entire LGP
portfolio, that the leverage the government has provided is essential to bridge
the Valley of Death, and that we should redouble our efforts to support
innovation lest the United States gets left behind).




n405  See generally Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson (21979) "Government
'encouragement' to business is sometimes as much to be feared as government
hostility." Id. at 40.




n406  See id. at 211.




n407  Id. at 40.




n408  Id.




n409  Id. at 41-44.




n410  Id. at 44.




n411  Hazlitt, supra note 405, at 44.




n412  See Gat, supra note 297, and accompanying text.




n413  See Daniela Pylypczak, Which Solar Energy ETF Is Right for You? TAN vs.
KWT, Commodity HQ (Oct. 12, 2012),
http://commodityhq.com/2012/which-solar-energy-etf-is -
right-for-you-tan-vs-kwt/.




n414  See Eligibility, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=31 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n415  See, e.g., De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at 9; see also NPR,
Marketplace Report, with Guest Speaker David Frum, Sept. 14, 2011, available at
http://www.marketplace.org /topics/commentary/its-not-easy-funding-green (last
visited Jan. 30, 2013) (stating that government is not good at playing venture
capitalist because of the competing goals government has in addition to
generating a positive return).




n416  See, e.g., De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at 7.




n417  See J.W. Verret, No, Dude, We Don't Need More Solyndras, Wash. Times (Dec.
9, 2011),
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2011/dec/9/no-dude-we-dont-need-more-solyndr
as/; see also J.W. Verret, Energy Secretary Chu, I Told You So on Solyndra,
Truth on the Market Blog (Dec. 10, 2011),
http://truthonthemarket.com/2011/12/10/energy- secretary
-chu-i-told-you-so-on-solyndra/; Marc A. Thiessen, Forget Bain-Obama's
Public-Equity Record Is the Real Scandal, Wash. Post (May 24, 2012),
http://www.washingtonpost.com
/opinions/forget-bain-obamas-public-equity-record-is-
the-real-scandal/2012/05/24 /gJQAXnXCnU story.html (chronicling the many failed
government loan guarantees). But see Jill Fitzsimmons, Marc Thiessen Distorts
Success Rate of Clean Energy Investments, Media Matters Blog (May 25, 2012, 5:25
PM), http://mediamatters.org/blog/2012/05/25
/marc-thiessen-distorts-success-rate-of- clean-en/186692 (responding that
private venture capital loans fail frequently too).




n418  See De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at 9.




n419  A full law and economics analysis of each of Hazlitt's arguments is beyond
the scope of this Article, but no discussion of the DOE LGP would be complete
without acknowledging the discourse and offering limited responses.




n420  See De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at 9.




n421  Fitzsimmons, supra note 417.




n422  See Memorandum for General Counsel, supra note 335, at 1.




n423  See Hans A. von Spakovsky, Solyndra E-mail Explodes Myth of Nonpartisan
Civil Service, National Review Online (Sept. 16, 2011, 3:07 PM),
http://www.nationalreview
.com/corner/277485/solyndra-e-mail-explodes-myth-nonpartisan-civil-service-hans-
von - spakovsky; see also Daniel Foster, Treasury Audit: Solyndra Was a Rush
Job, National Review Online (Apr. 4, 2012, 11:59 AM),
http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/295266
/treasury-audit-solyndra-was-rush-job-daniel-foster.




n424  See J.W. Verret, The Bailout Through a Public Choice Lens: Government
Controlled Corporations as a Mechanism for Rent Transfer, 40 Seton Hall L. Rev.
1521, 1525 (2010) (considering the implications of the TARP program's equity
investment in a number of private sector businesses through the lens of public
choice theory, proposing that these investments are fairly novel and pose
significant opportunities for rent seeking by transferring politically conferred
rents to interest groups).




n425  Neil King Jr., Venture Capital: New VC Force, Wall St. J., Dec. 15, 2009,
http://online .wsj.com/article/SB126074549073889853.html.




n426  Hazlitt, supra note 405, at 45.




n427  Id.




n428  See Memorandum for the General Counsel, supra note 335.




n429  Larry Parker & Mark Holt, Cong. Research Serv., RL33442, Nuclear Power:
Outlook for New U.S. Reactors CRS-11 (2007), available at http://www.fas.org/sgp
/crs/misc/RL33442.pdf.




n430  See supra note 207.




n431  See Hazlitt, supra note 405, at 45; De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at
7.




n432  Circ. A-129, supra note 116, at II3f.




n433  See FIPP, FIPP Hooray . . . ?, supra note 189.




n434  See Independent Consultant's Report, supra note 373, at 18.




n435  In addition to the CSC that the DOE and OMB calculate, the DOE also
charges applicants a separate guarantee fee.




n436  See Our Mission, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=17 (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n437  Staff of H. Comm. on Oversight and Government Reform, 112th Cong., Rep. on
the Dep't of Energy's Disastrous Management of Loan Guarantee Programs n.105
(2012), available at
http://oversight.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/FINAL-DOE -Loan-Guarantees
- Report.pdf.




n438  See, e.g., Lachlan Markay, Report: 80% of DOE Green Energy Loans Went to
Obama B a c k e r s , F o u n d r y ( N o v . 1 4 , 2 0 1 1 , 1 0 : 4 3 A M ) ,
http://blog.heritage.org/2011/11/14/report -80-of-doe-green-energy-loans
-went-to- obama-backers/.




n439  Press Release, H. Comm. on Energy and Commerce, Committee Leaders Probe
DOE's Knowledge of Loan Recipient's Faulty Solar Panels-Now-Bankrupt Abound
Awarded $ 400 Million Loan Guarantee from Same Program as Solyndra, Oct. 10,
2012, available at
http://energycommerce.house.gov/press-release/committee-leaders-probe-does-
knowledge -loan-recipients-faulty-solar-panels-%E2%80%93-now.




n440  See supra note 214 and accompanying text.




n441  See FIPP Solicitation, supra note 176, at 18.




n442  See De Rugy Testimony, supra note 326, at 9.




n443  See 2 U.S.C. § 661a(3), (4) (defining what a federal loan guarantee is).




n444  See supra note 109.




n445  CBO, Estimating the Value of Subsidies for Federal Loans and Loan
Guarantees 1 (2004), available at http://www.cbo.gov/Publication/15923.




n446  See Circ. A-11, supra note 206, at 185.5.




n447  Id.; see also supra notes 209-11.




n448  Interestingly, when Mr. Hazlitt first made his argument on crowding out in
1946, most lenders to the federal government were likely domestic. Similarly,
most investors in lenders and purchasers of U.S. Treasury securities were likely
domestic investors. Today, with many U.S. Treasuries held by foreign sovereigns
and foreign investors, the Hazlitt crowding out argument proposed by some
critics may hold less weight-domestic lenders are not competing for investors
with U.S. treasuries; it is a different audience of buyers. See The Absorption
Problem, Economics Interactive, http://www.unc.edu/depts/econ/byrns web
/Economicae/Figures/Absorp Equation.htm (last visited Jan. 30, 2013).




n449  Hazlitt, supra note 405, at 47, 48.




n450  Id. at 48.




n451  Id.




n452  See supra note 374 and accompanying text. In my review of existing federal
loan guarantee programs, I believe these programs can be divided into these
three broad categories. Any further consideration of these categories and
effectiveness of other loan guarantee programs is beyond the scope of this
Article.




n453  See supra notes 144, 145, and accompanying text.




n454  See supra note 16.




n455  Solicitations, Loan Programs Office, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
https://lpo.energy.gov /?page id=58 (last visited Jan. 31, 2013) (listing
solicitations issued by DOE under the 1703 Program, 1705 Program and ATVM
Program. Solicitations are organized chronologically by the opening date.).




n456  Closing date refers to latest Part ii Application deadline.




n457  Ten Categories of technologies for this solicitation were: Biomass;
Hydrogen; Solar; Wind & Hydropower; Fossil Energy Coal; Carbon Sequestration
Practices and Technologies; Efficient Electricity Transmission and Delivery and
Energy Reliability; Alternative Fuel Vehicles; Industrial Energy Efficiency
Projects; Pollution Control Equipment, each employing New or Significantly
Improved Technologies.




n458  Front end nuclear facilities employing New or Significantly Improved
Technologies.




n459  Nuclear power facilities employing New or Significantly Improved
Technologies.




n460  Advanced coal based power generation, industrial gasification or advanced
coal gasification facility employing New or Significantly Improved Technologies.




n461  Energy efficiency, renewable energy and advanced transmission and
distribution technologies that constitute New or Significantly Improved
Technologies.




n462  See Interim Final Rule 10 C.F.R. § 611.101, at 73 Federal Register No. 219
at 66721, Nov 12, 2008 providing initial submission deadline. Subsequent
applications will be considered at the end of each subsequent calendar quarter
depending on availability of funds and authority.




n463  DOE may not issue more than $ 25B in principal amount of direct loans and
the credit subsidy cost ("CSC") and administrative expenses may not exceed $
7.51B, which equates to a projected 30.04% default rate.




n464  Automotive manufacturers and component suppliers to finance the cost (1)
to reequip, expand, or establish manufacturing facilities in the U.S. to produce
advanced technology vehicles and qualifying components and (2) for engineering
integration performed in the United States for advanced technology vehicles and
qualifying components.




n465  There was no cap on the amount of loan guarantees that could be issued,
however, the solicitations capped the aggregate amount of CSC for projects that
received loan guarantees under this solicitation.




n466  Conventional technology complex electric transmission systems projects
meeting one of the following criteria: (1) new or upgraded transmission lines of
at least 100 miles of 500kV or at least 150 miles of 345kV, (2) at least 30
miles of underwater cable, (3) high voltage DC component, (4) is a major
interregional connector, (5) is designated a National Interest Electric
Transmission Corridor under EPAct 2005, (6) is associated with offshore
generation (open ocean wave energy, ocean thermal or offshore wind), (7)
mitigates substantial reliability risk for a major population center, or (8) set
of improvements for State or region that criteria in (1).




n467  For Section 1703 Program recipients, up to $ 8.5 billion was allocated for
the aggregate commitment of loan guarantees issued under this solicitation. For
Section 1705 Program recipients, there was no cap on the amount of loan
guarantees issued, however, the solicitations capped the aggregate amount of CSC
for projects to $ 2.5 billion in Credit Subsidy Costs, with a sublimit of $ 500
million for leading edge biofuels projects.




n468  For Section 1703 Program-Category 1: Alternative Fuel Vehicles; Category
2: Biomass; Category 3: Efficient Electricity Transmission, Distribution and
Storage; Category 4: Energy Efficient Building Technologies and Applications;
Category 5: Geothermal; Category 6: Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technologies;
Category 7: Energy Efficiency Projects; Category 8: Solar; Category 9: Wind and
Hydropower. For Section 1705 Categories 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 qualified. For both
programs, projects must employ New or Significantly Improved Technologies.




n469  There was no cap on the amount of loan guarantees issued, however, the
solicitations capped the aggregate amount at $ 750 million of CSC for projects
that received loan guarantees under this solicitation.




n470  Exclusively for Commercial Technology Renewable Energy Generation
Projects, such as wind facility, closed-loop biomass facility, open-loop biomass
facility, geothermal facility, landfill gas facility, trash-to-energy facility,
hydropower facility, including incremental hydropower, solar facility, but not
for manufacturing, transmission or leading edge biofuels projects.




n471  There was no cap on the amount of loan guarantees issued, however, the
solicitations capped the aggregate amount at $ 750 million of CSC for projects
that received loan guarantees under this solicitation.




n472  Renewable energy manufacturing projects that produce commercial technology
products for generation of electricity or thermal energy, have project costs
greater than $ 75 million, can obtain a credit rating of 'BB' or better from S&P
or Fitch or 'Ba2' from Moate or retain jobs in the U.S., and meeting other
criteria of Title XVII. FFB financing to be provided for these 100% loan
guarantees.


                                2 of 5 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2011 North Dakota Law Review
                            North Dakota Law Review

                                      2011

                            North Dakota Law Review

                              87 N.D. L. Rev. 625

LENGTH: 34172 words

NORTH DAKOTA LAW REVIEW: ENERGY SYMPOSIUM: ARTICLE: FEDERAL INCENTIVES FOR CLEAN
ENERGY AFTER SOLYNDRA: A POST-RECOVERY ACT PRECIPICE

NAME: John A. Herrick* and Cara S. Elias**

BIO: * John A. Herrick is Senior Counsel in the Denver office of Brownstein
Hyatt Farber Schreck LLP where he specializes in the clean technology practice
area. Mr. Herrick has over 30 years experience in assisting private companies
and public entities in developing clean energy, including wind, solar,
geothermal, bioenergy, smart grid and energy efficiency projects. Prior to
joining the Brownstein firm, Mr. Herrick was Chief Counsel with the U.S.
Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in
Colorado where he helped structure transactions totaling over $ 5 billion for
new technology energy production facilities, and helped form research and
development partnerships with private industry, academia and the National
Renewable Energy Laboratory. He is one of America's leading practitioners in
assisting companies in entering into public and private partnerships in clean
energy financing. An Adjunct Professor of Law at the University of Denver Sturm
School of Law, Mr. Herrick teaches Renewable Energy & Project Finance, the first
law course in the nation concentrating on renewable energy and is an avid
speaker on these topics to the general public. He is an author of The Law of
Clean Energy: Efficiency and Renewables (2011), the leading treatise in this
area of law. Mr. Herrick is a graduate of the UND School of Law.

** Cara Elias is a Director in the Post-Closing Claims Group of Shareholder
Representative Services LLC in Denver. Prior to joining Shareholder
Representative Services, Cara was an attorney in the corporate group at
Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck LLP in Denver, and in the tax group at Latham &
Watkins LLP in New York, where she represented a wide variety of clients in
planning and compliance matters related to tax, executive compensation and
employee benefits matters, including recently passed healthcare reform
requirements. Cara holds a J.D. from Columbia Law School, and a B.A. in history
from the University of Oklahoma.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The main instrument in providing funding to non- federal sources in EERE
programs is federal financial assistance agreements awarded under competitive
merit review processes.  ... REAP has three primary components: a grant program
that covers the cost of energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance; a financial assistance program for producers and small business
owners, in the form of grants for the purchase of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements; and a loan guarantee program for the purchase of
these same types of systems.  ... DOE's Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block
Grant Program The Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant (EECBG) Program
provides funds to states, United States territories, counties, cities, and
Indian tribes to reduce their energy use and fossil fuel emissions and improve
energy efficiency in the transportation, buildings, and other appropriate
sectors.  ... Section 1703 authorizes the DOE to provide loan guarantees for
renewable energy generation and manufacturing systems, advanced nuclear
generation facilities, coal gasification, carbon sequestration, energy
efficiency, and many other types of clean energy projects that use new or
significantly improved technologies in commercial projects that avoid, reduce,
or sequester air pollutants or anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases, and
have a reasonable prospect of repayment.  ... USDA Rural Energy for America Loan
and Loan Guarantee Program The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) Loan and
Guaranteed Loan Program encourages the commercial financing of renewable energy
- bioenergy, geothermal, hydrogen, solar, wind, and hydropower - and energy
efficiency projects.  ... Recent legislation allows the CREBs issuer to elect to
receive a direct payment from the federal government equal to, and in lieu of,
the tax credits otherwise available.  ... (B) Expenditures with respect to
research facilities, and research grants, to support research in - (i)
development of cellulosic ethanol or other non-fossil fuels, (ii) technologies
for the capture and sequestration of carbon dioxide produced through the use of
fossil fuels, (iii) increasing the efficiency of existing technologies for
producing non-fossil fuels, (iv) automobile battery technologies and other
technologies to reduce fossil fuel consumption in transportation, or (v)
technologies to reduce energy use in buildings.  ... Introduction The use of the
federal tax code as a stimulus for the deployment of commercial-ready and proven
clean energy technology into the market place has been the most effective
mechanism in encouraging investment to advance the clean technology sector of
the United States economy.  ... New technology increasing the efficiency of
renewable energy production combined with federal tax incentives like the
Investment Tax Credit, the Production Tax Credit, the Manufacturing Tax Credit,
the Treasury Grant Program, and the tax incentives for renewable fuels may allow
cleaner energy sources to serve as a cost effective alternative to energy from
traditional sources.  ... The extensions to the ITC and PTC, as well as the
creation of the cash grant in lieu of tax credits, will facilitate the growth of
the renewable energy sector in years to come.  ... The Future of Federal Tax
Incentives for Clean Energy Currently, the PTC, ITC, grant in lieu of tax
credits, MTC, and several other tax credits for renewable fuels are effectively
expanding the renewable energy industry in America.

TEXT:
 [*629]  last beyond seventy-five years; meaning delays in transitioning
American energy infrastructure to these new technologies will have lasting and
negative repercussions well into the twenty-first century.

   In the realm of the clean energy sector of the United States economy, the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 n6 (commonly referred to as the
"Recovery Act") was certainly a momentous event. It was either the breakthrough
catalyst for development of an American clean energy infrastructure for this
century, or it was the representation of the high point of clean energy
financing for the next decade and beyond. Under the first scenario, the influx
of over $ 55.7 billion in federal financing and tax credits n7 to assist the
private sector in investing in clean energy projects provided the technological
and infrastructure groundwork for a competitive clean energy sector in a future
global economy that is becoming more "hot, flat, and crowded." n8 Under the
second scenario, the federal role was misplaced and wasted taxpayers' dollars,
suggesting the development of a clean energy sector should be left up to the
marketplace using only private sector capital.

   Which scenario will be undertaken by the federal government in this coming
decade will depend on the strength of opposing political and economic
perceptions, and both partisan and individual views on the extent of the role of
government in the world's energy markets. One thing is clear in this era of
federal cutbacks: future investment in clean energy technologies in the United
States will require more involvement of the private sector. n9 What is not clear
will be the extent of governmental incentives needed to encourage that
investment. President Obama has indicated he will continue to stimulate clean
energy development in a post-Recovery Act era. n10 The 2012 election will
determine if the American  [*630]  people believe whether this sector is one
that demands continued government attention and support.

   This article provides the developer of clean energy technologies, and the
legal practitioner in this burgeoning area, a guide to the federal programs that
support the commercialization of clean energy technologies. The array of federal
programs that provide various incentives, both tax and non-tax, can be confusing
and daunting. Compiling these programs in one article will help crystallize
which programs are beneficial to a particular technology, and which are either
redundant or misplaced. The article uses the term "incentives" rather than
"subsidies" because the latter term is a loaded term and belies the fact that,
traditionally, the governmental involvement in all sectors of the energy sector
has been to stimulate private sector investment, rather than the conventional
wisdom of using it to pick winners and losers among energy resources.

   II. FEDERAL NON-TAX INCENTIVE PROGRAMS

   A. Types of Federal Incentives for Clean Energy

   1. PURPA Renewable Power Purchase Requirements

 The first major federal regulatory support of renewable energy generation was
the enactment of section 210 of the Public Utility Regulatory Act of 1978
(PURPA), which encouraged and incentivized the development of renewable power
through independent power generation by establishing a guaranteed market for
certain small renewable generators. n11 This law required electric utilities to
buy power generated from qualified facilities using solar, wind, geothermal or
biomass resources, up to eighty megawatts (MW), n12 at "just and reasonable"
rates, n13 and in a non-discriminatory manner. n14 It also required public
utilities to interconnect  [*631]  with small renewable generators and supply
backup at reasonable rates. n15 The requirements allowed these qualified
facilities to make sales of power without federal or state utility regulatory
review and operate largely free from regulatory review of financial and
corporate organization structure regimes. n16 These regulatory benefits were
instrumental in the establishment of a viable renewable power sector in the
United States for the past thirty years. n17

   Notwithstanding the advances, this regulatory regime, as it evolved in the
marketplace, was subject to much criticism in the energy industry, both inside
and outside of the renewable sector. n18 In response to this criticism,
Congress, through the Energy Policy Act in 2005, modified section 210 to allow
the mandatory purchase requirement to be terminated if the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission (FERC) found that a qualified facility has
non-discriminatory access to the wholesale electric market. n19 In 2006, FERC
issued a Regulatory Order that, in effect, held if a qualified facility has
access to transmission in a market administrated by a regional transmission
authority under an open access transmission tariff, it would consider that
access non-discriminatory. n20 FERC found five regional transmission
organizations afforded non-discriminatory market access to qualified facilities
in their transmission service areas, thereby switching the burden of proving
access discrimination to the small renewable generators in those service areas.
n21 The 2005 law and its implementation by FERC marked the beginning of the end
for federal regulatory purchase mandates for renewable power, leaving the
renewable power sector to rely on  [*632]  competitive market forces and other
forms of federal renewable incentives as discussed in this section. n22

   2. Federal Financial Assistance Programs for Clean Energy

 The federal government provides assistance in many forms, financial and
otherwise. Federal financial assistance programs are designed to serve a variety
of purposes. Objectives may include fostering some element of national policy as
directed by either the Executive or by Congress through statute; stimulating
private sector involvement to achieve public purpose goals through mutually
beneficial undertakings; or furnishing aid of a type or to a class of
beneficiaries the private market cannot or is unwilling to otherwise
accommodate. n23 The development and commercialization of clean energy
technologies has been a national goal since the late 1970s through a series of
overlapping and reinforcing energy legislation. n24 Because most of these
statutory regimes require the federal government to work with the private sector
to advance these technologies n25 and the technologies are not solely directed
for government use, the appropriate funding vehicles for these activities are
financial assistance agreements rather than federal procurement contracts. n26

   Federal financial assistance was clarified by the Federal Grant and
Cooperative Agreement Act in 1977, n27 which provides standards to  [*633]
distinguish between financial assistance and federal contracting actions and
sets out the following two categories of financial assistance:

   . Grant agreements. An agency is to use a grant agreement when the principal
purpose of the relationship is to transfer a thing of value (money, property,
services, etc.) to the recipient to carry out a public purpose of support or
stimulation, authorized by a law of the United States. n28 Instead of acquiring
(by purchase, lease, or barter) property or services for the direct benefit or
use of the United States Government, substantial involvement is not expected
between the agency and the recipient when carrying out the contemplated
activity. n29

   . Cooperative agreements. This type of assistance is similar to grants, as
discussed above, except that substantial involvement is expected between the
agency and the recipient when carrying out the contemplated activity. n30

   Notwithstanding the Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreement Act, a federal
financial assistance program requires separate authorizing legislation to be
able to provide the agency with the discretion to transfer federal money to a
recipient for a public purpose. n31 Normally, the program's organic statute
provides the agency with guidance on the public purpose goals and can contain
requirements and/or conditions for the award of financial assistance under the
program. n32 While a financial assistance agreement is not considered a
government contract under federal procurement law, n33 the government and the
courts will usually look to contract law principles to define the rights and
obligations of the parties to a federal grant. n34 In  [*634]  particular, a
recipient must meet the conditions imposed by the federal government under the
award of a financial assistance agreement in order to receive the federal funds.
In this context, the conditions are analogous to contractual provisions. n35 The
award of financial assistance can be accomplished through two types of financial
distribution regimes. One is the categorical financial assistance agreement
awarded to a specific recipient to undertake a specific activity. n36 The other
is formula block grant awarded to a governmental unit, usually a state,
allocated on a distribution formula prescribed by statute or regulation to be
used for a variety of activities within a broad functional area. n37 Under these
block grants, the state is responsible for further distribution of the money.
n38

   Except for programs directed at the states, most of the clean energy funding
programs discussed in this article are discretionary and subject to a
competitive process for award. n39 The Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreement
Act encourages competition in assistance programs where the type of assistance
is categorical in order to fund the best possible projects and to achieve the
programmatic objectives. n40 However, most agencies do not have a forum for the
protest of financial assistance awards. n41 The U.S. Government Accountability
Office (GAO) n42 has declined to use its bid  [*635]  protest mechanism, which
is prescribed to ensure the fairness of awards of contracts, to rule on the
propriety of individual grant awards. n43 This reluctance is primarily due to
the view that the award of discretionary financial assistance is left to the
applicable agency's expertise in its merit determination of the technologies
being supported. An administrative appeals process would unduly override that
technical expertise.

   3. U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Cooperative Agreements

 Because the discretionary funding of non-federal entities by the U.S.
Department of Energy (DOE) for the research, development, and commercialization
of clean energy technologies is undertaken in concert with DOE programmatic
direction and priorities, the appropriate funding vehicle has been cooperative
agreements rather than grant instruments. The cooperative agreements allow the
DOE to have substantial involvement in the project and better assure the DOE the
appropriate technology is developed and demonstrated, and the public interest
goals of commercialization are furthered. n44 DOE investment is done on a
cost-sharing basis. n45 The DOE cannot provide a cost share above 80% of total
project costs on any applied research and development activity, n46 or above 50%
on demonstration and commercialization projects. n47 It is within the DOE's
discretion to determine where a particular project falls. n48

   DOE participation in a project through a cooperative agreement will trigger
the need for a federal National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) n49  [*636]
review of the project. n50 A commitment to provide federal funds for a project
is sufficient to bring that project under NEPA purview. In many instances, a
multi-phased project will be segmented into separate funding phases, with
separate approvals. Having separate phases allows the project to initiate design
and permit activity under a categorical exclusion, while allowing for a more
strenuous NEPA review prior to subsequent phased funding of the developmental
effort. As a general matter, formula block grants to states are an indirect use
of federal funds and not subject to a federal NEPA review. n51

   Although federal cooperative agreements are not normal financing instruments
in traditional energy project financing, project funds derived from this source
can be treated by the project sponsor as developer equity in the project. n52
The agreements also provide confidence to other equity and debt participants of
the project's technological merit and feasibility. In many instances, the
involvement of the DOE in the project actually attracts new financial support
for the project from more traditional project-financing sources. One
complication of the cooperative agreement instrument in project financing is its
treatment of property acquired by the recipient under the agreement. Federal
regulations require the government to retain an ownership interest in property
acquired by the recipient (or sub-recipient) under the agreement. n53 The
government retains the right for a pro rata share of the fair market value of
such property at the termination of the agreement, n54 which could create a
substantial burden on the recipient once the federal funding agreement
concludes. The DOE, in recognition of this problem, has revised its standard
clauses to assure recipients if they continue to use the property for similar,
but commercial-like purposes, after  [*637]  expiration of the funding
agreement, it will not exercise its right to realize on the property. n55

   4. DOE Technology Investment Agreements

 In an attempt to facilitate the commercialization of new energy technologies,
Congress in 2005 provided the DOE with the authority to enter into transactions
other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants (commonly called "other
transactions" authority) to advance public benefits through private sector
partnerships. n56 The DOE has implemented this other transactions authority by
establishing a new contractual mechanism - the technology investment agreement
(TIA) - as a new financing vehicle to move technologies in the clean energy
marketplace. n57 TIAs are modeled after the Defense Advanced Research Projects
Agency program that has spun off many successful commercial enterprises from the
development of military technology. n58 The new TIA mechanism will facilitate
the financing of facilities that will commercialize innovative technologies in
those cases where cooperative agreements are not well suited.

   Under TIAs, the project developer and the DOE provide funds on an
even-sharing basis to pay for the costs of moving promising clean energy
technologies into the commercial marketplace. n59 TIAs join federal funds with
equity or debt contributions from the developer to construct pilot or commercial
production facilities or to place products in the marketplace. The developer is
not obligated to pay back the federal contribution.

   Congress authorized TIAs to help bring new ideas and innovations to fruition,
to attract nontraditional government contractors, and to advance the clean
technology sector by promoting public-private partnerships. TIAs provide for
more flexible terms and conditions than normal federal financing mechanisms, and
the DOE has greater latitude to negotiate provisions that vary from traditional
government contracts and financial assistance agreements. Traditional barriers
to government supported  [*638]  financing - including having to comply with
federal cost accounting standards and traditional financial assistance
regulations - are not applicable to TIAs. n60 The major factor that will
influence the use of this instrument is the intellectual property statutes
applicable to federal contracts and financial assistance are not applicable to
TIAs. If a company that normally does not do business with the federal
government has difficulty with the application of these laws on its ability to
commercialize the subject technology, a TIA may provide the ability of that
company to partner with the DOE.

   5. Federal Loan Guarantees

 Another major form of federal financial support is federal credit assistance,
which includes direct loans, guaranteed, and insured loans. In essence, a
federal guaranteed loan is an "advance of credit made to a borrower n61 by a
participating lending institution, where the United States government, acting
through the particular federal agency involved, "guarantees' payment of all or
part of the principal amount of the loan, and often interest, in the event the
borrower defaults." n62 The primary purpose of loan guarantees is to induce
private lenders to extend financial assistance to borrowers who otherwise would
not be able to obtain the needed capital on reasonable terms, if at all. In
other words, federal loan guarantee programs are designed to redirect capital
resources by intervening in the private market decision process "in order to
further objectives deemed by Congress to be in the national interest." n63
Advancement of American clean energy industries has been determined to be in the
national interest. n64  [*639]  Specific federal loan guarantee programs in the
clean energy space are discussed later in this article.

   The authority to guarantee the repayment of indebtedness must have some
statutory basis. In most cases, the basis takes the form of express statutory
authorization. In the typical federal loan guarantee program, the borrower is
charged a fee by the agency, prescribed in the program legislation. A guarantee
may cover the entire amount of the underlying loan or a lesser percentage
depending on the program legislation. Unless otherwise provided, a guarantee
that extends to 100% of the underlying loan serves to restrict the amount the
administering agency can guarantee. n65 Typically, the statute will authorize
the administering agency to establish the terms and conditions under which the
guarantee will be extended, but it may also impose various limitations and
conditions. n66

   When a federal agency guarantees a loan, there is no immediate cash outlay.
The need for an actual cash disbursement, apart from administrative expenses,
does not arise until the borrower defaults on the loan and the government is
called upon to honor the guarantee. Depending on the terms of the loan, a
default may not occur until many years after the guarantee is made. Accordingly,
loan guarantees require budgetary treatment different from ordinary government
obligations and expenditures. This treatment is prescribed generally by the
Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). n67 The approach of the FCRA is to
require federal appropriations (or other outlay) to cover the subsidy portion of
a loan guarantee program, with the nonsubsidized portion (i.e., the portion
expected to be repaid) financed through borrowings from the Department of the
Treasury. n68 This subsidy reflects the potential borrower default contingency
of the loans that the guarantees support. The credit subsidy cost plays a large
role in the DOE loan guarantee transactions, as discussed in more detail below.
n69

[*640]

   6. Rights to Intellectual Property Under Federal Incentive Programs

 The various parties' rights to intellectual property and data under grants and
cooperative agreements are based primarily on two federal statutes: the
Bayh-Dole Act n70 and the Energy Policy Act of 1992. n71 As a general matter,
under the Bayh-Dole Act, the rights to intellectual property under a financial
assistance agreement depend on the corporate nature of the entity that receives
the federal funds. n72 Regarding patent rights, if the recipient (or
sub-recipient) is a small business, university, or a not-for-profit corporation,
title to subject inventions n73 under the federally funded effort becomes
property of the recipient. n74 If the recipient (or sub-recipient) is a large,
for-profit corporate entity, title to inventions remains with the government,
subject to a request by the recipient to the government to waive the
government's title to the invention. n75 The government almost always waives its
title in favor of the private sector participants of these energy
commercialization efforts. In both instances, the government retains a
nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free, limited-use license to use the
invention for government-related purposes only. n76 The government will also
retain a march-in right, i.e., authority to come in and license the invention to
others if the invention is not commercialized. n77 In addition, the recipient
must agree to negotiate with the government a United States preference clause
encouraging a preference in the licensing and manufacturing of subject
inventions. n78

    [*641]  The government will not claim any rights to the recipient's
proprietary intellectual property that are brought into the government-funded
effort. n79 All technical data first produced under the federally funded effort
will normally be unrestricted data and available for disclosure. However, the
Energy Policy Act of 1992 provides recipients and sub-recipients of clean energy
projects with a five-year protection from government disclosure of data first
produced under the effort from the date of development of the data. n80 This
protection is what most commercial recipients need to avail themselves of.

   B. Incentive Programs for the Development and Commercialization of Renewable
Energy Technologies

   1. Technology-Specific DOE Incentive Programs

   a. DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy

 DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) manages numerous
technology-specific program areas to work cooperatively with industry and
academia to develop and commercialize renewable energy electrical generation.
n81 Most of EERE's activity centers on funding the research, development, and
commercialization of clean energy technology. The main instrument in providing
funding to non-  [*642]  federal sources in EERE programs is federal financial
assistance agreements awarded under competitive merit review processes. This
section outlines the most important EERE programs, emphasizing each program's
purpose and the budget amounts as appropriated by Congress. The American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act (Recovery Act or Stimulus) included approximately
$ 16.8 billion for EERE programs, a ten-fold increase in its previous budget.
n82 EERE was appropriated a total of $ 2.243 billion for fiscal year 2010. n83

   EERE's policy is to solicit discretionary financial assistance applications
in a manner that provides the maximum amount of competition feasible through a
merit-based selection process. n84 All of EERE's major program areas, as
discussed in more detail below, issue numerous program solicitations throughout
the year - referred to as "funding opportunity announcements",  n85 inviting
entities to submit applications for financial assistance in specific technology
areas that advance each program's mission. These announcements are placed in the
Federal Business Opportunities n86 and Grants.gov n87 websites. The electronic
portal for the submission of applications to EERE in response to these
announcements is FedConnect. n88

[*643]

   b. Solar Power Technologies

 The mission of EERE's Solar Program is to "conduct research, development,
demonstration, and deployment activities to accelerate widespread
commercialization of clean solar energy technologies, which will lower
greenhouse gas emissions, provide a clean and secure domestic source of energy,
and create green jobs." n89 Within the Solar Program are four subprograms:
Photovoltaic R&D, n90 Concentrating Solar Power, n91 Systems Integration, and
Market Transformation. n92 Congress appropriated $ 225 million to the Solar
Program for 2010, n93 an increase of $ 50 million over the 2009 appropriation.
n94 The Solar Program is EERE's most funded program.

   c. Wind Power Technologies

 EERE's Wind Energy Program's mission is "to increase the development and
deployment of reliable, affordable, and environmentally sustainable wind power,
and realize the benefits of domestic renewable energy production." n95 Congress
appropriated to the Wind Energy Program $ 80 million for fiscal year 2010, n96 a
significant increase over its 2009 appropriation of $ 55 million and $ 5 million
more than DOE asked for. n97 The Wind Energy Program's activities are composed
of two subprograms: Technology Viability n98 and Technology Application. n99

[*644]

   d. Geothermal Power Technologies

 EERE's Geothermal Technology Program's mission is "to conduct research,
development, and demonstration to establish Enhanced Geothermal Systems [(EGS)]
as a major contributor for base load electricity generation." n100 Geothermal
Technology received $ 44 million for 2010, the same as in 2009. n101 Enhanced
Geothermal Systems are artificial reservoirs of geothermal energy created by
drilling wells into hot rock and circulating a fluid to generate electricity.
n102 The technology allows exploitation of a geothermal resource that naturally
lacks sufficient water or permeability. n103 Specific activities within the
Geothermal Technology Program include basic research awards to companies and
academia n104 and the creation of a national geothermal database to reduce
exploration risk. n105

   e. Fuel Cell Technology

 EERE's Fuel Cell Technologies Program's mission is "to reduce petroleum use,
greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and criteria air pollutants, as well as to
contribute to a more diverse energy supply and more efficient domestic energy
use by enabling the widespread commercialization and application of hydrogen
fuel cell technologies." n106 In 2010, EERE proposed to consolidate and rename
its myriad of hydrogen activities into a single fuel cell research and
development subprogram; n107 however, Congress retained the same funding
structure, appropriating $ 174 million for "Hydrogen Technology." n108 EERE has
therefore retained the various hydrogen subprograms, n109 but operates them
under its Fuel Cell Technologies Program. n110

[*645]

   f. DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability Program

 DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability (OE) was
established by Congress "to lead national efforts to modernize the electric
grid; enhance the security and reliability of the energy infrastructure; and
mitigate the impact of, and facilitate recovery from disruptions to the energy
supply." n111 OE's 2010 budget appropriation was nearly $ 172 million; n112 the
stimulus provided an additional $ 4.5 billion for OE's activities. n113 OE plans
to spend the vast majority of the stimulus money to deploy "smart grid"
technologies. n114 Smart grid technologies continually monitor and report on
grid conditions, enabling operators to increase grid stability and efficiency
and enables consumers to better control their energy use. n115 OE administers
three programs: Research and Development; n116 Permitting, Siting, and Analysis;
n117 and Infrastructure Security and Energy Restoration. n118

   2. The Energy Advanced Research Projects Agency

 The Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, or "ARPA-E," is an agency within
DOE. ARPA-E was established by the 2007 America COMPETES Act n119 and funded by
the Recovery Act, which provided $ 400 million in stimulus funds. n120 The
agency's purpose is to overcome long-term and high-risk technological barriers
associated with developing new energy technologies. n121 ARPA-E identifies and
promotes nascent "transformational technologies" that have the potential to
drastically alter  [*646]  the United States' energy infrastructure. n122
Accordingly, ARPA-E is often compared to its counterpart in the Department of
Defense, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. The White
House proposed to appropriate $ 273 million for ARPA-E projects in 2011. n123

   3. U.S. Department of Agriculture Financial Assistance Programs for Renewable
Energy Generation

   a. USDA Rural Energy for America Program Grants

 Section 9007 of the 2008 Farm Bill expanded the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to further "promote
energy efficiency and renewable energy development for agricultural producers
and rural small businesses." n124 REAP is administered through the USDA's Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. REAP has three primary components: a grant program
that covers the cost of energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance; a financial assistance program for producers and small business
owners, in the form of grants for the purchase of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements; and a loan guarantee program for the purchase of
these same types of systems. n125 REAP grants are awarded on a competitive basis
and can be up to 25% of total eligible project costs. n126 Grants are limited to
$ 500,000 for renewable energy systems and $ 250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements. n127 Grant requests as low as $ 2500 for renewable energy systems
and $ 1500 for energy efficiency improvements are also considered. n128 At least
20% of the grant funds awarded must be for grants of $ 20,000 or less. n129

   Applicants must have projects located in a rural area, must have a small
business, n130 and must include all environmental review documents with
supporting documentation in accordance with the NEPA. To be eligible for  [*647]
funding, a proposed renewable energy system project must meet each of the
following criteria:



   (1) the project must be for the purchase of a renewable energy system; (2) it
must be for a pre-commercial or commercially available and replicable
technology; (3) it must have technical merit, as determined by the agency upon
review; (4) it must be located in a rural area; (5) the applicant must be the
owner and have financial and physical control of the project; (6) the site must
be under the applicant's control during the term of financing; and (7) there
must be satisfactory sources of revenue to operate, maintain, and service debt
over the life of the project. n131

 Adverse decisions on awards of REAP grants are appealable to USDA's National
Appeals Division. n132

   b. USDA Repowering Assistance Program

 Authorized under Title IX of the 2008 Farm Bill, n133 the Repowering Assistance
Program encourages the use of biomass as a replacement fuel source for fossil
fuel to power and heat biorefineries by providing payments to existing
biorefineries to replace the use of fossil fuels in the facility as a power
source. n134 The Repowering Assistance Program is also administered by the
USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service but in conjunction with the Rural
Utilities Service. The eligibility provisions of the statute simply require the
applicant demonstrate, by means of an independent study, that the renewable
biomass system of the eligible biorefinery is feasible, taking into account the
economic, technical, and environmental aspects of the system. n135 As of
February 2011, there is no requirement that the biorefinery be located in a
rural area or that an applicant needs to be a citizen to be eligible for
repowering assistance. n136 A key threshold eligibility factor is the facility
be  [*648]  an "eligible biorefinery" in existence as of the date of enactment
of the 2008 Farm Bill. n137

   4. Bureau of Land Management Incentives for Renewable Generation

 A major source of delay for renewable energy and transmission line projects on
federal lands is permitting and environmental review. The U.S. Department of
Interior's Bureau of Land Management (BLM) is the primary federal landholder for
property favorable for energy development. n138 As of April 2011, BLM had 241
wind projects and 199 applications for solar projects by the private sector on
BLM lands in various stages of processing. n139 Recognizing this bottleneck, BLM
allocated $ 41 million of Recovery Act funds to speed the permitting and
environmental review processes for sixty-five renewable energy and transmission
projects on public land. n140 In February 2011, Secretary of the Interior, Ken
Salazar, implemented a coordinated approach between BLM and the Fish and
Wildlife Service (FWS) to fast track renewable energy projects on public lands
by improving the siting and permitting process. n141 Two FWS documents were
issued that were designed to provide agency employees, developers, and state
organizations with the information they need to make the best possible decisions
in reviewing and selecting sites for utility-scale and community-scale wind
energy facilities in order to avoid and minimize  [*649]  negative impacts to
fish, wildlife, plants, and their habitats. n142 In conjunction, BLM issued its
final policy memoranda to provide guidance to field managers in evaluating,
screening, and processing applications for utility-scale wind and solar energy
projects on BLM-managed lands. This field guidance clarifies and improves NEPA
documentation, streamlines the project application review and approval process,
and strengthens development plans and due diligence requirements. n143

   To help focus BLM's resources on the processing of wind, solar, geothermal
energy applications, and permitting of electrical transmission facilities on
public lands, the Department of Interior has established a network of Renewable
Energy Coordination Offices, n144 which include multidisciplinary BLM staff and
resources from other federal and state agencies to assist in the processing of
applications. BLM has also identified nearly twenty-three million acres of
public land with solar energy potential in six southwestern states and more than
twenty million acres of public land with wind energy potential in eleven western
states. n145 It has completed programmatic environmental impact studies (PEIS)
for wind and geothermal development and is working on a PEIS for solar
development. The Solar PEIS has preliminarily identified twenty-four Solar
Energy Study Areas on BLM-administered land located in six western states. n146

[*650]

   C. Federal Incentive Programs for the Development and Commercialization of
Renewable Transportation Fuels

   1. DOE Office of Biomass

 The DOE's Biomass Program Office in EERE works with industry, academia, and the
DOE's national laboratory partners on research in biomass feedstocks and
conversion technologies. n147 Its research, development, and demonstration
efforts are geared toward the development of integrated biorefineries into
cost-competitive, high-performance biofuels, bioproducts, and biopower. n148 The
Biomass Program is focusing its research and development efforts to ensure that
cellulosic ethanol is cost competitive by 2012. n149 Another major effort of the
program is to further develop infrastructure and opportunities for market
penetration of bio-based fuels and products. n150 The program's technology
pathways with industry under financial assistance agreements target the
following areas: feedstocks barriers for biofuels development; biochemical
conversion technologies; thermochemical conversion technologies; integrated
biorefineries; and large-scale biopower. n151

   2. DOE/USDA Biomass Research and Development Initiative

 Reauthorized under section 9008 of the 2008 Farm Bill, n152 the Biomass
Research and Development Initiative extended the program originally created
under the Biomass Research and Development Act of 2000 and amended by the Energy
Policy Act of 2005. The initiative is a joint DOE/USDA program that provides
competitive grants, contracts, and financial assistance to eligible entities to
carry out research, development, and demonstration of biofuels and bio-based
products, as well as the methods, practices, and technologies for their
production. n153 The USDA's Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension
Service and the DOE Office of Biomass Programs competitively award grants to
eligible entities to research, develop, and  [*651]  demonstrate biomass
projects. As amended by the 2008 Farm Bill, the three main technical areas are:
(1) feedstocks development, (2) biofuels & bio-based products development, and
(3) biofuels development analysis. n154 The program offers an annual funding
opportunity announcement that is jointly managed, but lead administration
rotates between the two agencies every other year. All eligible applications are
evaluated in a joint USDA/DOE technical merit review process. n155

   3. USDA Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels

 The USDA's Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels, as managed by the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, provides payments to eligible advanced biofuel
producers in rural areas to support and ensure an expanding production of
advanced biofuels. n156 The program authorizes USDA to enter into contracts with
producers for payments based on the amount of biofuels produced from renewable
biomass other than corn kernel starch. n157 Eligible examples include biofuels
derived from cellulose; crop residue; animal, food and yard waste material;
biogas (landfill and sewage waste treatment gas); vegetable oil and animal fat;
and butanol. n158 The producer payments are intended to help eligible producers
support and ensure an expanded production of advanced biofuels as necessary
steps toward meeting the nation's energy needs. The amount of each payment will
depend on the number of eligible advanced biofuel producers participating in the
program, the amount of advanced biofuels being produced by the advanced biofuel
producer, and the amount of funds available during a given yearly funding cycle.
n159 As of February 2011, eligible producers did not need to be located in a
rural area and could be  [*652]  foreign-owned. n160 Decisions concerning
project funding are subject to USDA's appeal process. n161

   D. Energy Efficiency Financial Incentive Programs

   1. DOE's State Energy Program

 The State Energy Program (SEP), also administered out of the Weatherization and
Intergovernmental Activities Program Office of EERE, n162 is intended to help
states reduce energy use and cost, increase renewable energy capacity and
production, and lessen dependence on foreign oil. The program provides technical
and financial resources to help states develop and manage a variety of
high-impact energy programs. n163 Financial assistance is provided through
formula grants and competitive clean energy project grants. n164 States often
combine many sources of funding for their projects, including through the DOE
and private industry. These formula grants from the DOE allow state energy
offices the flexibility to develop energy projects focused on the building,
electric power, industry, and/or transportation sectors, as well as
cross-cutting policy initiatives and public information campaigns. SEP special
competitive grants n165 allow the DOE to target high-impact projects geared
toward critical policy and regulatory changes, including the adoption of
advanced building codes, prioritization of energy efficiency in resource
planning, and decoupling of utility earnings from volumetric energy sales. n166
A portion of program funding is used for (1) outreach and technical assistance
to states, such as development of state and regional best practices; (2)
innovative sustainable energy initiatives; and (3) performance management. n167

[*653]

   2. DOE's Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant Program

 The Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant (EECBG) Program n168
provides funds to states, United States territories, counties, cities, and
Indian tribes to reduce their energy use and fossil fuel emissions and improve
energy efficiency in the transportation, buildings, and other appropriate
sectors. The Recovery Act appropriated $ 3.2 billion for the EECBG program, with
$ 400 million to be awarded on a competitive basis to entities that are eligible
to receive formula-based funds. n169 In addition, section 546 of the Energy
Independence and Security Act (EISA) stipulates that 2% of total program funding
is reserved for competitive awards to units of local government (including
Indian tribes) that are ineligible to receive formula-based funds, and to
consortia of the ineligible entities. n170

   DOE anticipates that a total of up to $ 453.72 million will be available for
competitive grants awarded through one Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA)
with two topic areas. n171 The eligible entities for up to $ 390.04 million
available under Topic 1 are the same as for the formula EECBG program: states,
United States territories, counties, cities, and Indian tribes. n172 The
eligible entities for up to $ 63.68 million available under Topic 2 are units of
local government and Indian tribes that are not eligible for the direct formula
grants. n173 The goal of the competitive FOA is to stimulate activities that
move beyond traditional public awareness campaigns, program maintenance,
demonstration projects, and other "one-time" strategies and projects. The DOE
seeks to stimulate activities and investments that: (1) fundamentally and
permanently transform energy  [*654]  markets in a way that makes energy
efficiency and renewable energy the options of first choice; and (2) sustain
themselves beyond the grant monies and the grant period by designing a viable
strategy for program sustainability into the overall program plan. n174

   3. Energy Efficiency Programs for American Energy-Intensive Industries

 Energy-intensive industries are severely constrained in their ability to invest
in research and development (R&D) due to their low profit margins and inability
to fully appropriate R&D benefits to their companies. Process technologies that
use less energy per unit of output are logical investment opportunities for
energy-intensive industries, but energy-intensive manufacturers are often unable
to invest in energy-related process R&D without government assistance. The DOE's
Industrial Technologies Program Office (ITP) in EERE supports cost-shared R&D,
through financial assistance agreements with industry partners, to address
energy challenges that industries face, while fostering the adoption of advanced
technologies and best energy management practices. n175 To achieve its goals,
ITP supports R&D on efficient new technologies; promotes distributed generation
and fuel and feedstock flexibility; supports the commercialization of emerging
technologies; assists industrial facilities to access and use proven
technologies, energy assessments, software tools, and other resources; and
promotes a culture of energy efficiency and carbon management in industry. n176
Current funding for partnerships with industry is $ 96 million. n177 ITP
received $ 350 million in FY 2009 with the addition of Recovery Act funds. n178

   4. DOE's Building Efficiency Technology Program

 Buildings account for more than 70% of the electric energy consumed in the
United States and 38% of total United States carbon dioxide  [*655]  emissions.
n179 The purpose of the DOE's Office of Building Technology, also within EERE,
is to foster development of energy-efficient technologies in the American
building and residential sectors n180 The program achieves its goal through
partnering with non-federal entities to develop promising R&D of
energy-efficient technologies; equipment standards and analysis; and technology
validation and market introduction assistance. n181 R&D activities research the
most advanced energy efficiency technologies. For instance, equipment standards
and analysis activities eliminate the most inefficient existing technologies in
the market by establishing new, and improving existing, energy efficiency
standards based on technology and product advances that frequently include
technology R&D. n182 Also, validation activities catalyze the introduction of
new advanced technologies, and the widespread use of highly efficient
technologies already in the market frequently include technology R&D. Funding
levels for this program as of 2011 are $ 222 million. n183

   5. Federal Energy Savings Performance Contracting

 As the largest consumer of energy in the United States, the federal government
is required by Congress to reduce federal energy consumption costs. n184 One of
the major tools at the federal government's disposal is the energy savings
performance contract (ESPC). n185 These long-term federal procurement contracts,
first authorized by Congress in 1985, n186 have begun to be used more often by
the federal government to institute energy conservation measures at federal
installations. n187 The ESPC allows federal  [*656]  agencies to waive the
federal standard requirements for up-front capital funding of infrastructure
projects and one-year federal contract financing n188 and enter into contracts
for up to twenty-five years with energy service companies (ESCOs) n189 for the
purpose of saving energy-consumption costs at federal installations. n190 The
energy savings that result from the installation and use of the equipment by the
ESCO can be shared between the government and the ESCO. An ESPC is, thus, a
partnership between a federal agency and an ESCO, where the ESCO conducts a
comprehensive energy audit for the federal facility and identifies improvements
to save energy. In consultation with the federal agency, the ESCO then designs
and constructs a project, defined as an energy conservation measure, which meets
the agency's needs. n191 The critical factor in this type of contracting is that
the ESCO arranges the necessary financing for the capital improvements to the
agency site. n192 The ESCO guarantees the improvements will generate energy cost
savings sufficient to pay for the project over the term of the contract. After
the contract ends, all additional cost savings accrue to the agency. n193

   The trend has been to create more flexibility in ESPC contracting. ESPCs now
can be used for developing renewable energy generation projects at federal
sites. In 2007, Congress provided the authority to sell or transfer energy
generated on federal sites from renewable energy sources or cogeneration in
excess of federal needs to utilities or non-federal energy users in accordance
with existing federal or state laws. n194 Congress also allowed the use of any
combination of appropriated funds and private  [*657]  financing in federal
ESPCs. n195 In addition, the DOE has been active in supporting greater
flexibility by encouraging the use of "Super ESPCs." n196 These "umbrella"
contracts allow agencies to undertake multiple energy projects under the same
contract. n197 Using a Super ESPC, an agency can bypass cumbersome procurement
procedures and partner directly with an ESCO to develop an energy efficiency or
renewable energy project. As a result, Super ESPCs are being used more
frequently by federal agencies, and they have largely supplanted stand-alone
ESPCs. n198

   E. Federal Loan Guarantee Programs for Clean Energy Projects

   1. Title XVII Loan Guarantee Program - New and Innovative Clean Energy
Technology Projects

 DOE's clean energy loan guarantee program, authorized under Title XVII of the
Energy Policy Act of 2005 n199 and administered by the DOE's Loan Programs
Office, encourages early commercial use of new or significantly improved
technologies in energy projects. Section 1703 n200 authorizes the DOE to provide
loan guarantees for renewable energy generation and manufacturing systems,
advanced nuclear generation facilities, coal gasification, carbon sequestration,
energy efficiency, and many other types of clean energy projects that use new or
significantly  [*658]  improved n201 technologies in commercial projects that
avoid, reduce, or sequester air pollutants or anthropogenic emissions of
greenhouse gases, and have a reasonable prospect of repayment. The initial
governmental response to the program was slow, but it now forms the cornerstone
of the Obama administration's efforts to commercialize clean energy
technologies. n202

   Under Title XVII, the face value of any debt that is supported by a DOE loan
guarantee cannot be more than 80% of the total cost of the project. n203 DOE
will require that the project sponsor(s) provide "significant equity investment
in the project." n204 While the statute n205 allows for either the borrower or
the government, through a direct outlay of appropriations, to pay for the
project's "credit subsidy cost," n206 the DOE has required the borrower, under
the § 1703 program, to pay for that cost directly before closing. n207 If the
DOE guarantees 100% of the loan amount, that is, 80% of the total project costs
- the loan must be issued by the Federal Financing Bank, a unit of the U.S.
Department of Treasury. n208 If the guarantee is less  [*659]  than 100% of the
loan, an eligible lender must issue it. n209 The guaranteed portion of the loan
cannot be "stripped" from the nonguaranteed portion for subsequent syndication
if the DOE guarantee is above 90%. n210 The term of the loan that is backed by a
DOE guarantee is the lesser of thirty years or 90% of the projected useful life
of the project. n211 The DOE has the flexibility to determine on a
project-by-project basis the scope of the collateral package and whether pari
passu lending is in the best interest of the government. n212 Furthermore, an
applicant under the DOE program is required to pay substantial administrative
fees prior to closing. n213

   2. Recovery Act Loan Guarantee Program

 The Recovery Act, in adding a new section 1705 to Title XVII, established a
temporary loan guarantee program in the DOE's existing Loan Program Office for
the rapid deployment of commercial-ready renewable energy and electric power
transmission projects, as well as cutting-edge biofuels projects. n214 This
program, referred to as the section 1705 Program, increases loan guarantee
funding authority, expands on the type of projects eligible for loan guarantees,
and provides more flexibility to overcome barriers of the existing DOE loan
guarantee program.

   The Recovery Act substantially expands the categories of projects eligible
for DOE loan guarantees by first opening the program up to commercial projects
using existing technologies in the wind, solar, and geothermal sectors, as well
as commercial projects that manufacture components related to renewable energy
generation. n215 Second, the law expands eligibility to electric power
transmission systems, including upgrading and re-conducting projects. n216
Third, eligibility now extends to biofuel projects that are likely candidates
for full commercial use as transportation fuels. n217 However, due to internal
DOE credit restraints, it is unlikely the DOE will issue loan guarantees for
biorefineries. For all of these categories, the Recovery Act imposes two major
conditions on all  [*660]  three new categories eligible for the loan guarantee
program: (1) any eligible project must commence construction before September
30, 2011, and (2) such projects must comply with the Davis Bacon Act in
establishing wage rate requirements for federal-like construction projects. n218
The previous program had no such limitations. Finally, the Recovery Act waives
the burdensome requirement that the borrowers pay with their own funds the
credit subsidy cost of their projects. n219 Of the $ 6 billion originally
appropriated for this purpose under the Recovery Act, Congress subsequently
stripped the program of $ 2 billion in 2009, and another $ 1.5 billion in 2010
for use on other Recovery Act priorities. n220

   On October 7, 2009, the DOE announced its Financial Institution Partnership
Program (FIPP) in conjunction with the issuance of its solicitation under the
section 1705 Program. n221 Under FIPP, the developer of an eligible project is
required to seek project construction loans from eligible FIPP financial
institutions. n222 Those financial institutions will then apply directly to the
DOE to obtain a loan guarantee and assume some portion of risk in the project.
n223 The DOE expects the lender to conduct the necessary credit approval
activities incumbent to similar senior debt, limited recourse, energy project
finance transactions. n224 The DOE also believes FIPP will allow the quick and
prudent implementation of the section 1705 Loan Guarantee Program by using the
resources of existing private sector financial institutions that have experience
in larger-scale energy project financings. n225 Under FIPP, a DOE loan guarantee
will cover only 80% of the maximum aggregate loan principal and interest during
the loan term for a maximum guarantee 64% of the project. n226 The other
limiting factor of the FIPP Program is developers will not be able to take
advantage of federal debt financing from the Federal Financing Bank (FFB). This
limitation differs from the DOE's earlier solicitations for section 1703  [*661]
projects and section 1705 transmission projects under which the DOE guarantee
can cover 100% of the loan amount - 80% of the total project costs - if that
loan is through the auspices of the FFB. n227

   As of the publication of this article, the DOE has issued twenty-six loan
guarantees under the section 1705 Loan Guarantee authority, representing almost
$ 34.7 billion in loans for clean energy development. n228 Of these loans, three
are in default: (1) the $ 352 million Solyndra California solar panel
manufacturing concern, (2) Beacon Power, a battery company in upstate New York
that borrowed $ 39 million, and (3) Abound Solar, a $ 400 million loan for a
solar manufacturing facility in Colorado. n229 These defaults represent just
2.8% of the $ 34.7 billion clean energy loan portfolio.

   3. Department of Agriculture Loan Guarantee Programs for Biofuels

   a. USDA Biorefinery Assistance Loan Guarantee Program

 Section 9003 of the Farm Bill of 2008 authorizes a USDA loan guarantee program
for the development, construction, and retrofitting of commercial-scale
biorefineries that convert renewable biomass to advanced biofuels and other
bioproducts using eligible technology. n230 The program is  [*662]  administered
through USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service. n231 The program targets
emerging technologies that are being or can be adopted by a viable
commercial-scale operation that produces advanced biofuel or other bioproducts.
n232 Eligible entities under the program include individuals, entities, Indian
tribes, or units of state or local government, including corporations, farm
cooperatives, farmer cooperative organizations, and associations of agricultural
producers, national laboratories, institutions of higher education, rural
electric cooperatives, public power entities, or consortia of any of those
entities. n233

   The February 2011 Program Interim Final Rule clarifies the existing USDA
practice of accepting bond financing as a basis for the guaranteed debt, but
only when the bond financing flows through the existing USDA-approved system of
traditional lender-based credit facilities; it also extends eligible projects
beyond traditional rural areas and to concerns that are foreign-owned. n234 The
loans guaranteed cannot be more than 80% of the total project costs, and the
federal guarantee for some projects can be up to 90% of total principal and
interest, n235 with the maximum loan guarantee amount capped at $ 250 million
for any individual project. Completed applications must be submitted by the
project lender and must contain documents that address critical review areas.
n236 Guarantees are awarded based on a competitive scoring system that follows
the review criteria established in program regulations, n237 including whether
the applicant has established a market for the advanced biofuel produced,
whether other similar facilities are located in the project area, whether the
applicant proposes to work with producer associations or cooperatives, the rural
character of the project site, and the level of local ownership proposed in
[*663]  the application. n238 In February 2011, USDA made $ 463 million
available to fund up to five additional biorefinery projects under this program.
n239

   b. USDA Rural Energy for America Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

 The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) Loan and Guaranteed Loan Program
encourages the commercial financing of renewable energy - bioenergy, geothermal,
hydrogen, solar, wind, and hydropower - and energy efficiency projects. n240 The
program is administered through the USDA Rural Development Agency's Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. n241 Under this competitive loan guarantee
program, project developers work with local lenders, who in turn can apply to
USDA Rural Development for a loan guarantee up to 85% of the loan amount. n242
The maximum loan amount for a guarantee is $ 25 million, and the guaranteed
portion of the loan is capped at 60% for loans over $ 10 million. n243 The loan
cannot be more than 75% of the total project cost of the system. n244 The agency
will assess a guarantee fee equal to 1% of the guaranteed amount, with an annual
renewal fee of 0.25% of the guaranteed amount. n245 The eligible applicants are
agricultural producers and small rural businesses that are at least 51% owned by
individuals who are either United States citizens or legal permanent residents.
n246 USDA further requires applicants to provide cash equity commitments of 15%
of total project costs for loans  [*664]  of $ 600,000 or less and 25% for loans
greater than $ 600,000. n247 Adverse decisions on awards of guarantees are
appealable to USDA's National Appeals Division. n248

   F. Other Federal Financial Incentives for the Development of Clean Energy
Technologies

   1. Clean Renewable Energy Bonds (CREBs)

 Clean Energy Renewable Bonds (CREBs) were created under the Energy Tax
Incentives Act of 2005 n249 and codified as amended at § 54 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 (Code). CREBs serve as a financing tool for public entities
comparable to the production tax credit available to private developers and
investor-owned utilities under § 54. Qualified public entities may issue CREBs
to finance renewable energy projects with the federal government providing a tax
credit to bondholders in lieu of interest payments from the issuer. n250 Recent
legislation allows the CREBs issuer to elect to receive a direct payment from
the federal government equal to, and in lieu of, the tax credits otherwise
available. n251 Initially, the CREBs program was funded with $ 800 million. n252
This amount was increased to $ 1.2 billion by the Tax Relief and Health Care Act
of 2006. n253 The Secretary of the Treasury (Secretary) allocated the funds
among qualified projects, as it deemed appropriate, except that qualified
governmental borrowers were not permitted to receive more than $ 750 million.
n254

   Entities qualified to issue CREBs include mutual or cooperative electric
companies, "clean renewable energy bond lenders" (such as the National Rural
Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation), and certain governmental bodies.
n255 At least 95% of the proceeds of a CREB must be  [*665]  used for capital
expenditures incurred by qualified borrowers for qualified projects. n256 Only
governmental bodies and mutual or cooperative electric companies are qualified
CREBs borrowers. n257 Projects that qualify for CREBs financing are those energy
generation projects owned by a qualified borrower that would otherwise qualify
for an energy production tax credit under § 54, including facilities that
generate electricity from renewable sources such as wind, solar, closed-loop
biomass, open-loop biomass, geothermal, small irrigation, qualified hydropower,
landfill gas, marine renewables, and trash combustion. n258

   The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issues guidance and solicits applications
each time Congress makes a CREB authorization. n259 Applicants are required to
identify the relevant parties, explain the project in detail, and include
certifications by an independent engineer on the project's viability, as well as
a description of plans to obtain all necessary federal, state, and local
approvals for the project. n260 On the date of issuance, a CREB issuer must
reasonably expect that (1) at least 95% of the proceeds of the issuance will be
spent for one or more qualified projects within five years, n261 (2) a binding
commitment with a third party to spend at least 10% of the proceeds will be
incurred within six months, and (3) such projects will be completed, and the
proceeds of the issue will be spent, with diligence. n262

   CREB issuers repay principal with level annualized payments over the entire
term of the bond, but they do not pay interest to bondholders. n263 Instead, the
federal government directly provides a tax credit against the bondholder's
income tax liability in lieu of interest payments from the  [*666]  issuer. n264
The tax credit thereby shifts the cost to fund renewable energy power generation
projects from the issuers to the federal government and reduces the costs of the
debt. Since the CREBs tax credit is included in the holder's gross income, the
value of the CREBs to a bondholder is equal to the amount of the credit less the
tax payable on the credit. n265 CREB's design, therefore, differs significantly
from tax-exempt municipal bonds, which require issuers to pay cash payments to
bondholders that the federal government exempts from federal taxes. n266 The
tax-exempt design allows bond issuers to offer bond rates that are lower than
corporate bonds of a similar rating. The maximum term for CREBs is set by the
Secretary based on an estimate of the present value of the cost to repay 50% of
the principal of the CREBs. n267 Generally, the maximum term for CREBs has been
between fourteen and fifteen years.

   In 2008, the Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008 n268 (the Energy
Act) authorized $ 800 million of funding for New Clean Renewable Energy Bonds
(New CREBs) under § 54C and extended the issuance deadline for standard CREBs by
one year to December 31, 2009. n269 The Recovery Act tripled the new CREB
allocation to $ 2.4 billion. n270 New CREBs in the amount of $ 2.2 billion were
awarded on October 27, 2009 to over 805 recipients nationally.

   All of the available proceeds from a new CREB issuance must be used for
capital expenditures incurred by governmental bodies, public power providers, or
cooperative electric companies for one or more qualified renewable energy
facilities. n271 A public power provider is a "State Utility" with a "Service
Obligation," as such terms are defined in section 217 of the Federal Power Act.
n272 Entities that qualify to issue CREBs may also issue new CREBs. n273 In
addition, any not-for-profit electric utility that has received a loan or loan
guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act may  [*667]  issue new CREBs. n274
Projects that qualify for new CREBs are those energy generation projects that
would otherwise qualify for a production tax credit under § 54C owned by a
qualified borrower, except that new CREBs cannot be used to finance certain coal
production facilities. n275

   One-third of the $ 2.4 billion allocation for new CREBs, or $ 800 million,
was required to be allocated by the Secretary to be made available to each
category of applicant: governmental bodies, cooperative electric utilities, and
public power providers. n276 For government bodies and cooperatives, the
Secretary awarded projects from smallest to largest until $ 800 million for each
category was exhausted or all applications were granted. n277 However, for the
public power providers category, the Secretary allocated funds without regard to
project size such that each project received a pro rata share of the overall
allocation of funds to this category based on the fraction of total amount
requested for a project to the total amount requested for all public power
providers' projects. n278 Projects that receive an allocation of new CREBs have
three years to issue the bonds. n279

   There are, in fact, several significant differences between CREBs and new
CREBs. The IRS reduced the tax credit that is paid with respect to new CREBs so
they receive a tax credit equal to 70% of the amount that would otherwise be
available for an equivalent CREB. n280 However, the new CREB tax credit may be
applied against both regular and alternative minimum tax liability. n281 Also,
CREB issuers repay principal using straight-line amortization so that a CREB
borrower receives tax credit on the full amount of the bond for the entire term.
n282 In contrast, borrowers of new CREBs are repaid the entire principal in a
balloon payment at the bond's maturity. n283

   The credit rate methodology was also revised for new CREBs. In 2006 and 2007,
the Secretary set CREBs credit rates based on the market rate for  [*668]
AA-rated corporate bonds. n284 However, many municipalities had credit ratings
below AA. Because many investors were unfamiliar with CREBs, many issuers had to
discount or pay supplementary interest to investors. As a result, the credit
rate for new CREBs is determined based on yield estimates on outstanding bonds
with grade ratings between A and BBB for similar maturities. n285

   Another difference between the new CREBs and CREBs is, in order to increase
liquidity; investors can strip the tax credits from new CREB principal payments
and sell them separately. n286 Finally, CREBs, like tax-exempt bonds, are
subject to investment yield restrictions and certain arbitrage requirements
under § 148. n287 However, the Energy Act liberalized arbitrage rules for new
CREBs, allowing issuers to set aside project revenues in equal installments
annually into a sinking fund in order to accumulate funds needed to pay CREBs
when due. n288

   CREBs were created to reduce the financing challenges for states and local
government to finance renewable energy projects. The amended CREBs and new CREBs
program rules are intended to further attract investors for such projects. Going
one step further to reduce financing challenges, the Commerce, Justice, Science,
and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2010 (the HIRE Act). n289 Enacted on
March 19, 2010, this Act allows issuers of qualified bonds, such as new CREBs
issued after the bill's enactment, and other qualified issuers to elect to
receive a direct payment from the federal government equal to, and in lieu of,
the amount of the federal tax credit that would otherwise be provided for the
bonds to bondholders. n290 Issuers electing to receive the payments directly
from the Treasury will pay taxable interest to bondholders, and bondholders
cannot claim a tax credit. n291 However, by monetizing the tax credits into a
direct payment to the issuer, the HIRE Act provides direct funding to  [*669]
issuers for qualified renewable energy projects and reduces the total amount of
debt the issuer must incur to finance a qualified project.

   2. Qualified Energy Conservation Bonds (QECBs)

 The Energy Act also created a credit bond program for "qualified energy
conservation bonds" (QECBs) under § 54D, which was later amended by the Recovery
Act. n292 QECBs are issued by states and large local governments n293 to finance
certain types of qualified energy conservation projects. n294 Like CREBs and new
CREBs, the federal government directly provides a tax credit against a
bondholder's income tax liability in lieu of interest payments from the issuer.
n295 Also, the Hire Act applies to QECBs and allows issuers to elect to receive
a direct payment instead of the federal government providing a tax credit to
borrowers. n296 A total of $ 3.2 billion was allocated among the states for
QECBs in proportion to each state's population. n297

   All available project proceeds of a QECBs issue must be used for qualified
conservation purposes. n298 Qualified conservation purposes include any of the
following:



   (A) Capital expenditures incurred for the purposes of -



(i) reducing energy consumption in publicly-owned buildings by at least [20%],
(ii) implementing green community programs [such as the use of loans, grants, or
other repayment mechanisms to implement such programs], (iii) rural development
involving the production of electricity from renewable energy resources, or (iv)
any facility [that qualifies for production tax credits under Code Section
45(d), except refined coal and Indian coal production facilities].



(B) Expenditures with respect to research facilities, and research grants, to
support research in -

  [*670]

(i) development of cellulosic ethanol or other non-fossil fuels, (ii)
technologies for the capture and sequestration of carbon dioxide produced
through the use of fossil fuels, (iii) increasing the efficiency of existing
technologies for producing non-fossil fuels, (iv) automobile battery
technologies and other technologies to reduce fossil fuel consumption in
transportation, or (v) technologies to reduce energy use in buildings.



(C) Mass commuting facilities and related facilities that reduce the consumption
of energy, including expenditures to reduce pollution from vehicles used for
mass commuting.



(D) Demonstration projects designed to promote the commercialization of -



(i) green building technology, (ii) conversion of agricultural waste for use in
the production of fuel or otherwise, (iii) advanced battery manufacturing
technologies, (iv) technologies to reduce peak use electricity, or (v)
technologies for the capture and sequestration of carbon dioxide emitted from
combusting fossil fuels in order to produce electricity.



(E) Public education campaigns to promote energy efficiency. n299

 QECB holders further receive a tax credit on quarterly credit allowance dates.
The annual tax credit with respect to QECBs is 70% of the amount otherwise
determined for qualified tax credit bonds under § 54A. n300 Unlike CREBs and new
CREBs, there is no concept of a "qualified borrower" for QECBs, and QECBs may be
private activity bonds. However, no more than 29.9% of each allocation to a
state or large local government may be issued as private activity bonds with
proceeds loaned to a nongovernmental entity, and private activity bonds may be
issued only to finance capital expenditures. n301

   III. FEDERAL TAX INCENTIVES FOR CLEAN ENERGY

   A. Introduction

 The use of the federal tax code as a stimulus for the deployment of
commercial-ready and proven clean energy technology into the market place has
been the most effective mechanism in encouraging investment to  [*671]  advance
the clean technology sector of the United States economy. Clean technology
developers are confronted with high start-up costs of putting capital-intensive
production facilities online in the post-Recovery Act economic climate. The high
start-up costs make the use of tax incentives imperative to future development
in this sector. New technology increasing the efficiency of renewable energy
production combined with federal tax incentives like the Investment Tax Credit,
the Production Tax Credit, the Manufacturing Tax Credit, the Treasury Grant
Program, and the tax incentives for renewable fuels may allow cleaner energy
sources to serve as a cost effective alternative to energy from traditional
sources. In the 1970s, Congress took the first steps in facilitating the
development of renewable energy in the United States through federal tax
incentives. n302

   Approximately thirty-two years ago, Congress passed the Energy Tax Act of
1978. n303 The Act marked the beginning of the government use of federal tax
incentives to promote the development of renewable energy sources. n304 The
original tax credits found in the Energy Tax Act included a 10% Investment Tax
Credit (ITC) equal to the eligible basis of equipment purchased to produce
renewable energy. n305 Under the Act, n306 only solar and geothermal energy were
eligible for the ITC, and the ITC was not increased from 10% of eligible basis
until 2005 when Congress increased it to 30% of eligible basis for property
purchased through December 31, 2007. n307

   Several different tax incentives have developed since the passage of the
Energy Tax Act in 1978. The types of federal tax incentives that exist today for
renewable energy are the Investment Tax Credit, the Production Tax Credit, the
Manufacturing Tax Credit, the grant in lieu of tax credits and several tax
credits provided for fossil fuels. It is estimated that in 2010, $ 6.7 billion
in tax incentives were provided to renewable energy generation  [*672]  projects
and another $ 6.3 billion was provided for renewable fuels. n308 The purpose of
this section is to give a brief history of these tax credits, explain what they
do and describe their present state. In addition, this section will explain how
the Recovery Act impacted each of these tax credits. Finally, this section will
summarize the future of federal tax credits for renewable energy and their
importance in the future development of the renewable energy industry.

   B. Renewable Energy Tax Credits

   1. Investment Tax Credit

 The investment tax credit (ITC) was the first federal tax credit implemented to
promote renewable energy development. The ITC directed at renewable energy was
first authorized under the Energy Tax Act of 1978. n309 Section 48 of the Code
"authorizes a tax credit of [10%] of the cost of equipment purchased and
installed for the generation of electric power from solar or geothermal
resources." n310 The ITC was modified several times, once in section 301 of the
1978 Energy Tax Act, once in section 221 of the Crude Oil Windfall Profits Tax
Act of 1980, and then again in the Tax Reform Act of 1986. n311

   In 1992, Congress passed the Energy Policy Act, and section 1916 of the
Energy Policy Act of 1992 made the ITC a permanent feature of the Code. n312
Later, in 2005, Congress increased the ITC to 30% of the eligible basis of
equipment purchased through December 31, 2007. n313 The ITC was extended for an
additional year in 2006 by the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006, n314
amended again in 2008 by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and
last modified by the Recovery Act. n315

   The Code outlines the requirements for a producer to qualify for the ITC. The
Code has been amended several times in relation to the ITC and "after its
amendment by the JOBS Act, Code [§ ] 46 states that the investment credit is
equal to the sum of four different tax credits which  [*673]  include the energy
credit, under Code [§ ] 48." n316 The energy credit now defined in Code Section
48 is what we refer to as the ITC.

   Under § 48, a taxpayer may take the ITC on certain energy property placed in
service in the taxable year. n317 The ITC is 30% of the basis for certain types
of energy property including qualified fuel cell property, certain types of
solar energy, and qualified small wind energy property. n318 There are other
types of energy property that are only eligible for a 10% ITC and these are
geothermal energy, qualified fuel cell property, qualified microturbine property
and combined heat and power system property. n319

   Since its establishment in 1978, the renewable energy ITC has been allowed to
expire several times. n320 The uncertainty surrounding the ITC and the other tax
incentives in the past discouraged investors and stunted the development of
renewable energy. n321 Fortunately, the future of the ITC is stable, and it was
extended by the Recovery Act for eligible investment made on or before December
31, 2016. n322

   2. Production Tax Credit

 The history of the production tax credit (PTC) dates back to 1992, when it was
created by Title 19 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. n323 Like the ITC, the PTC
is intended to provide a tax credit for private producers of renewable energy in
hopes of stimulating investment in the renewable energy field. n324 However, the
PTC credit amount is based on the issuer's successful production of energy, not
merely the developer's investment in an eligible facility. n325

   Under the Energy Policy Act of 1992, only qualified energy resources (QERs)
were eligible for a PTC. QERs included wind energy, closed-loop  [*674]
biomass, and poultry waste facilities. n326 Section 1914 of the Energy Policy
Act of 1992 allowed a PTC for wind and closed-loop biomass facilities that were
brought into service between December 31, 1993, and July 1, 1999. n327 Section
507 of the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives Improvement Act of 1999 extended
the PTC to qualified facilities placed in service before January 1, 2002, n328
and amended § 45 to prohibit the producers from claiming the PTC for certain
power sold to electric utilities. n329 Congress expanded the QERs eligible for
the PTC in 2004 and again in 2005. Currently, the QERs eligible for the PTC are
wind, solar, geothermal, poultry waste facilities, small irrigation power,
refined coal, municipal solid waste, hydroelectric power facilities, and Indian
coal facilities. n330

   Like the ITC, Congress has allowed the PTC to expire and then extended it
several times. The PTC was first allowed to expire December 31, 2001. n331 In
2002, the Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002 reinstated the PTC, but
the PTC was again allowed to expire on December 31, 2003. n332 The PTC was
extended by the 110th Congress for one year and was set to expire on December
31, 2009. n333 The Recovery Act extended the PTC through December 31, 2012 for
wind energy. n334 However, other types of qualified renewable energy projects
may qualify for a PTC if placed in service before January 1, 2014. n335

   The PTC is set forth in § 45, and currently, "[§ ] 45 of the Code authorizes
an electric power production credit of [$ 0.015] per [kilowatt-hour] for
electric power generated from "qualified' resources at "qualified' facilities
for a ten-year period from commencement of operations." n336 Section 45 "defines
qualified resources in terms of wind, closed-loop  [*675]  biomass and poultry
waste." n337 The maximum credit available under the PTC is $ 0.021 per
kilowatt-hour. n338

   The PTC is intended to help develop wind and solar power; however, due in
part to the fact that the PTC is not a permanent tax credit, the development of
renewable energy in the United States has lagged behind the rest of the world.
n339 The Recovery Act extended the PTC and made important changes to the PTC
that will allow for certain renewable energy sources to elect to take the ITC or
a cash grant in lieu of the PTC. n340

   3. Manufacturing Tax Credit

 In addition to the ITC and the PTC, the Recovery Act allows for a manufacturing
tax credit (MTC). The MTC is a tax credit granted to facilitate clean energy
manufacturing projects in the United States. n341 Neither the PTC nor the ITC
are available to support manufacturing facilities in the clean energy sector.
President Obama established the importance of the MTC when he stated, "the
Recovery Act awards I am announcing today will help close the clean energy gap
that has grown between America and other nations while creating good jobs,
reducing our carbon emissions and increasing our energy security." n342

   The MTC was authorized in section 1302 of the Recovery Act and is codified in
§ 48C. n343 Under the Recovery Act, the Secretary of Treasury was authorized to
work with the Secretary of Energy in the application of the MTC. n344 The
objective of the MTC is to facilitate the domestic growth of the manufacturing
industry for renewable energy in order to create jobs, reduce the emission of
greenhouse gases, and stimulate the economy. n345 The MTC was also intended to
help establish the United States as a leader in the renewable energy sector.
n346

    [*676]  The MTC allows for a tax credit of up to 30% of qualified
investments in qualified manufacturing facilities that produce equipment used in
the clean energy sector. n347 The Recovery Act defined such facilities as
"qualified advanced energy projects" which are projects that re-equip, expand,
or establish manufacturing facilities for the production of property that will
produce energy from wind, solar, geothermal deposits, and other renewable
resources. n348 Qualified facilities also include other clean energy
manufacturing enterprises that produce fuel cells, microturbines, energy storage
for certain electric and hybrid vehicles. In addition the MTC credit is
available to facilities that produce equipment for electric grids that support
renewable energy transmission and storage, facilities that capture and sequester
carbon dioxide emissions, and also facilities that refine and blend renewable
fuels. n349

   The total amount of MTCs allowed under the Recovery Act is $ 2.3 billion.
n350 To receive certification for an MTC, applicants were required to submit
their applications for the MTC within two years of the Secretary of Energy
establishing the program. n351 The application period ran from August 14, 2009
to October 16, 2009, and by January 8, 2010, the IRS announced which projects
were certified and would receive MTCs. n352 Each applicant had one year to
provide the Secretary with evidence the certification requirements have been
met. n353 Applicants will have three years from the date of issuance of
certification to place their manufacturing project in service, but if the
applicant does not do so within three years, the certification will be invalid.
n354 The DOE and the IRS cooperated to determine which MTC applications were
approved, and which MTCs were granted based on the viability of projects, and by
a comparison to other projects. n355

   The Secretary of Energy only considered projects with a reasonable
expectation of commercial viability. n356 However, the Secretary also took into
consideration which projects will provide the most jobs, most effectively reduce
greenhouse gas emissions, have the most potential for commercial development and
technological innovation, operate with the  [*677]  lowest cost of generated or
stored energy, and go from certification to completion the fastest. n357

   The MTC was critical in the development of a manufacturing industry for
renewable energy property in the United States. Although the MTC was
oversubscribed by a ratio of three to one, all MTCs have been granted until
Congress approves further funding and the future of the MTC is uncertain.

   4. Grant in Lieu of Tax Credit

 Before the Recovery Act, the PTC and the ITC required a developer or purchaser
to have income tax liability to offset in order to utilize the tax credit.
However, the Recovery Act provided an immensely popular new option. It monetized
the tax credits by allowing for a cash grant in lieu of tax credits. The cash
grants in lieu of tax credits were created by section 1603 of the Recovery Act.
n358 Section 1603 allows the U.S. Department of the Treasury to give cash grants
to eligible energy property owners who place property in service in accordance
with section 1603 and § 48. n359 The purpose of the grant in lieu of tax credit
is to "provide a grant to each person who places in service specified energy
property to reimburse such person for a portion of the expense of such property
... ." n360

   To be eligible for a section 1603 grant, eligible property must be placed in
service during 2009 or 2010, or after 2010 but before the credit termination
date for that type of property, as long as construction of the property began in
2009 or 2010. n361 The Treasury can grant between 10% and 30% of the basis of
energy property, depending on which type of property the applicant is
constructing. n362 Properties listed under section 1603(d)(1)-(4) are eligible
for a 30% tax credit. n363 These properties include qualified properties defined
in § 48(a)(5)(D) that are part of a qualified facility within the meaning of §
45, n364 such as qualified fuel cell property, solar property, and qualified
small wind property. n365 All other properties, such as geothermal, qualified
microturbine property, combined heat and  [*678]  power system property, and
geothermal heat pump property, are eligible for a grant of up to 10% of the
basis. n366

   After the applications for section 1603 grants are reviewed, payments are
made "within [sixty] days from the later of the date of the complete application
or the date the property is placed in service." n367 However, it is important to
note that energy producers who elect to receive a section 1603 grant will not be
eligible to receive PTCs or ITCs under § 45 or § 48 for the same property. n368
The section 1603 grant is expected to solve the recent problem of lowered
investor demand for PTCs and ITCs. n369 As with all of the tax credits allowed
by the Recovery Act, the ultimate goal behind the section 1603 grants is to
create jobs and expand the use of renewable energy n370 to allow the United
States to decrease its dependency on conventional energy sources. n371

   The section 1603 cash grants in lieu of tax credits are an extremely popular
option. By allowing renewable energy investors to monetize the related tax
credits, it has created an avenue for investment in projects that would
otherwise have been blocked during the economic lull following the Recovery Act
due to the dearth of investors with tax liability for the tax credits to offset.
The future of the section 1603 grants is uncertain after the grant program
expires in 2011. Despite, or perhaps due to, its popularity, it is not clear at
this time whether or how Congress may act to extend the section 1603 program.

   C. Tax Incentives for Renewable Fuels

 In addition to creating the ITC to encourage energy production from alternative
sources, the Energy Tax Act of 1978 also encouraged alternative fuel production.
"The Internal Revenue Code contains three income tax credits designed to
encourage ethanol use: the alcohol mixture credit, the pure alcohol credit, and
the small ethanol producer's credit." n372 These tax incentives have resulted in
increased production of ethanol in the United States "from 175 million gallons
in 1980 to 6.8 billion gallons in 2007." n373 Despite these increases in ethanol
production, there is still a serious debate  [*679]  over whether ethanol
production is actually resulting in a net energy gain, or whether the use of
food crops for ethanol production will actually have a negative impact on world
hunger. n374 Regardless of the controversy over the efficiency of ethanol use,
it is clear the tax incentives offered for alternative fuel production
effectively developed the ethanol fuel industry.

   In 1978, the government introduced the first tax incentives for ethanol, with
an exemption for alcohol fuels that varied from $ 0.40 per gallon to $ 0.60 per
gallon for pure ethanol between 1978 and 2004. n375 In 2005, Congress passed the
Energy Act of 2005, which:



   Restructured federal tax incentives for ethanol production to include three
income tax credits and one excise tax credit. As part of the general business
credit, the three income tax credits are added together to become the alcohol
fuels credit. The alcohol fuels tax credit is the sum of the alcohol fuel
mixture credit (or blenders credit), the straight alcohol credit, and the small
ethanol producer credit. n376

 The blender's credit, also called the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit
(VEETC), is the most important federal tax credit for ethanol. n377 The American
Jobs Creation Act of 2004 originally created the blender's credit. n378 The
blender's credit gives ethanol blenders and marketers a tax credit of $ 0.45 per
gallon of ethanol blended with gasoline. n379 The blender's credit provides
stability for ethanol producers and has resulted in major increases in the
production and use of ethanol. n380 Although the blender's credit was scheduled
to expire December 31, 2011, n381 it was extended. It is important to note that
in calendar years beginning before 2009 the blender's credit was $ 0.51 per
gallon. n382 Also, alcohol fuel mixtures that do not contain ethanol are
eligible for a sixty cent per gallon blender's credit. n383 The blender's credit
gives ethanol blenders and marketers a tax credit of $ 0.45 per gallon of
ethanol blended with gasoline. n384 The blender's credit provides stability for
ethanol producers  [*680]  and has resulted in major increases in the production
and use of ethanol. n385 The blender's credit expired on December 31, 2011, and
has not been extended by Congress as of this writing.

   The small ethanol producer tax credit is another important federal tax
incentive for renewable fuels producers. The current federal law allows for a
ten cent per gallon tax credit on a maximum of fifteen million gallons of
ethanol annually per producer. n386 There is an annual $ 1.5 million cap per
producer on the small ethanol producer's tax credit, and only producers with an
annual production capacity of no more than sixty million gallons of ethanol per
year are eligible to receive this credit. n387 Like the blender's credit, the
small ethanol producer's tax credit expired December 31, 2011, and Congress has
yet to extend it.

   There are also credits available for the production of biodiesel and
renewable diesel used as fuel. The biodiesel and renewable diesel credits are
found in § 40A. The biodiesel fuels credit for the taxable year is equal to the
sum of the biodiesel mixture credit, plus the biodiesel credit and, in the case
of small agri-biodiesel producers, the small agri-biodiesel producer credit.
n388 The biodiesel mixture credit allows for a credit of $ 1 per gallon of
biodiesel used in the production of a qualified biodiesel mixture. n389 The
biodiesel credit is $ 1 per gallon of biodiesel produced that is not part of a
mixture with diesel fuel. n390 Renewable diesel receives the same $ 1 per gallon
credit that biodiesel receives. n391 Additionally, there is a small
agri-biodiesel producer credit of $ 0.10 per gallon up to fifteen million
gallons for producers who produce less than sixty million gallons of biodiesel
per year. n392 There is also an alternative fuels credit provided in § 6426(d).
This credit allows for a fifty cent per gallon tax credit for alternative fuels
such as liquefied petroleum gas, liquefied hydrogen, compressed or liquefied
natural gas, and liquefied fuel derived from biomass as well as several other
alternative fuels including P Series Fuels that do not qualify for the credits
[*681]  allowed for ethanol, alcohol, and biodiesel. n393 This credit expired on
December 31, 2009. n394

   Another tax credit for renewable fuels is the Cellulosic Biofuels Credit that
was enacted with the 2008 Farm Bill. The 2008 Farm Bill provides $ 1 billion in
incentives to support the production of advanced cellulosic biofuels. n395 Title
XV of the Farm Bill tries to promote the production of cellulosic ethanol with a
blender's credit of $ 1.01 per gallon of ethanol produced from qualified
cellulosic feed stocks. n396 There is also an import tariff of $ 0.54 per gallon
of imported ethanol and imported ethanol cannot take advantage of the blender's
tax credit. n397

   In addition to the tax credits for renewable fuels stated above, the Recovery
Act also provided for the Manufacturing Tax Credit for investment in advanced
energy property. Qualified facilities that are designed to refine or blend
renewable fuels qualify for a 30% tax credit under this program. n398 This
legislation helped protect domestically produced ethanol and facilitate
increased ethanol production.

   The federal tax incentives for renewable fuels have directly aided in the
development of the renewable fuels industry. However, like all other the federal
tax credits for renewable energy, these incentives have either expired or are
set to expire soon. Whether or not Congress renews them will have a serious
effect on the future development of the renewable fuels industry. Unfortunately,
these tax credit extensions have been subject to the broader partisan battles of
the 111th Congress, and it is unlikely that major energy policy legislation will
be enacted out of that Congress. Whether particular pieces of these tax
incentives will be extended is not clear as of this writing. It remains to be
seen how the 112th Congress will look at United States energy policy and whether
a more comprehensive and broad-based energy policy will be forthcoming.

   D. Choosing Between the ITC, the PTC, or the Grant in Lieu of Tax Credits

 The tax credit or grant that will best suit a producer depends largely on the
producer's financial situation and what kind of energy-producing facility the
producer wishes to construct. There are several factors project  [*682]  owners
must consider when choosing between the PTC, ITC, or cash grant. First, they
must consider the relative financial value of the tax incentives in comparison
to each other. n399 The relative value of a project will depend on installed
project costs and expected capacity factor, or more simply put, production. n400
It is important to note that solar technologies are not eligible for the PTC,
but they can take the cash grant in lieu of the ITC. n401 In theory, the cash
grant will provide the same value of incentive for the producer as the ITC, but
there are other project finance considerations that may influence the producer
in choosing either the ITC or the cash grant. n402

   A cash flow model is a way to help a producer choose between the PTC and the
ITC when constructing a renewable energy facility that is qualified for both.
n403 With a cash flow model, the producer is able to see the present value of a
PTC as it will be generated over ten years as well as the value of the ITC. n404
The installed project cost and the expected capacity will vary depending on the
type of energy producing property being put into service. n405 The relative
financial value of the PTC and the ITC is not always the most important factor
in deciding which credit to take, as there are numerous qualitative
considerations that may effect the producer's decision. n406

   The Recovery Act allows for certain PTC eligible properties to elect taking a
30% ITC. n407 The Recovery Act also allows projects that are eligible for a 30%
ITC to take a cash grant equal to the amount of the available ITC instead. The
availability of tax equity investors, or lack thereof in the current economic
climate, makes the ITC and the PTC less effective in the development of
renewable energy. n408 The cash grant helps lessen the dependence on these
investors. n409 With the cash grant, a project developer may be able to "access
less-expensive debt or equity capital than might otherwise be available were the
ITC or PTC used ... ." n410

   There are also reasons to take the ITC over the PTC. Underperformance of a
project may make the PTC less attractive to  [*683]  investors, because even if
on paper the PTC will provide a higher expected value, its value is not
guaranteed. n411 Therefore, the certainty of the ITC makes it more attractive
than the PTC for some investors. Furthermore, because the PTC is a ten year
credit, "a tax equity investor must be reasonably assured of having a tax base
sufficient to fully absorb all of a project's tax benefits over the coming
decade." n412

   However, in certain situations, the liquidity of the PTC makes the PTC
preferable to the ITC. The ITC and cash grants are realized at the beginning of
the project and vest over a five year period; hence, the owner must keep the
project for five years to realize the full benefit of the ITC. n413 As a result,
the ITC and the cash grant will not be available to potential buyers. n414 The
PTC runs over a ten year period, which allows the owner of the project to
realize the credit and if the owner sells before the ten years is up, the PTC
transfers and the new buyer can realize the remainder of the credit. n415

   There are a few more reasons to select the ITC or the cash grant over the
PTC. Subsidized energy financing is available for projects that are receiving
the ITC or cash grant under the Recovery Act, but projects receiving the PTC are
not eligible for such financing. n416 Also, there is a power sale requirement
for PTC eligible projects, whereas there is not a power sale requirement with
the ITC. n417 Finally, the PTC requires the project owner operate the project,
which eliminates lease-financing options. n418 On the contrary, the ITC does not
require the project owner to operate the project, and therefore, lease financing
is an option with ITC eligible projects. n419

   Based on the above analysis, there are advantages and disadvantages to the
PTC, ITC, and cash grant. There is more flexibility with the ITC and the cash
grant and less risk the full value of these incentives will not be realized.
However, the PTC may realize more value in certain situations. Therefore, the
project owner needs to fully evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of the
tax credits in relation to the particular financial situation the project owner
is in and the kind of energy project being  [*684]  developed. By following
these guidelines, investors will be able to choose which tax credit is best for
their situation.

   E. The Effect of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act

 The Recovery Act has been cited extensively in the previous sections dealing
with the investment tax credit, production tax credit, grant in lieu of tax
credits, and renewable fuels tax credits because virtually all of these tax
credits were amended, modified, or extended by the Recovery Act. This subsection
discusses some of the most important changes that were brought about by the
Recovery Act in relation to these tax credits.

   The Recovery Act extended the deadline to place projects in service for
purposes of receiving a PTC. The PTC was extended through 2012 for wind energy
and "through 2013 for closed-[loop] and open-loop biomass, geothermal, landfill
gas, municipal solid waste, qualified hydroelectric, and marine and hydrokinetic
facilities." n420 The Recovery Act also allows producers to choose the ITC
instead of the PTC. n421 Under section 1102 of the Recovery Act, energy
producers that place facilities in service to produce electricity from wind or
certain other renewable energy sources after December 31, 2008, will have the
option to choose either the ITC, which allows for a 30% tax credit, or the PTC
which gives a tax credit of up to $ 0.021 per kilowatt-hour for electricity that
is produced from qualified sources. n422

   The Recovery Act provided the option for renewable energy producers to choose
a cash grant in lieu of the ITC. This program, as stated above, is under the
control of the Treasury and will provide grants of up to 30% of the basis of
qualified renewable energy facilities placed in service in 2009 to 2011. n423
Also, projects that begin construction in 2009, 2010, or 2011 will be eligible
for the grant so long as they are placed in service by 2013 for wind energy, by
2017 for solar energy, and by 2014 for other qualified energy sources. n424 The
due date for applications was October 1, 2011, and payments will be made either
sixty days after the application was received or from when the project is placed
in service, whichever date is later.

   Section 1103 of the Recovery Act also repealed the $ 4000 cap on the 30% ITC
for small wind energy. n425 The repeal in section 1103 applies to  [*685]
properties placed in service after December 31, 2008. n426 The removal of the
cap is an important step for small wind energy producers. Lastly, the Recovery
Act provides great support for renewable energy. High start-up costs combined
with the downturn in the economy make tax incentives imperative to the
development of the renewable energy economy. The extensions to the ITC and PTC,
as well as the creation of the cash grant in lieu of tax credits, will
facilitate the growth of the renewable energy sector in years to come.

   F. The Future of Federal Tax Incentives for Clean Energy

 Currently, the PTC, ITC, grant in lieu of tax credits, MTC, and several other
tax credits for renewable fuels are effectively expanding the renewable energy
industry in America. The current status of each of these tax incentives, as well
as what extensions are needed for these tax credits to be effective, are
discussed below.

   The PTC is currently extended through the end of 2012 for wind energy and
through the end of 2013 for other types of energy. n427 The ITC is currently
extended through December 31, 2016, for certain renewable energy projects. n428
The cash grant in lieu of the ITC is available for certain wind projects placed
in service before 2013, certain solar projects placed in service before 2017,
and certain other qualified energy projects placed in service before 2014. n429
Applications for the MTC were due October 16, 2009, and awardees of the MTC
received their acceptance agreements with the IRS on or before April 16, 2010,
on the condition that projects must be commissioned before February 17, 2013.
n430 The cap on the MTC is $ 2.3 billion, and all credits have been awarded.
n431 It is important to note the MTC "was oversubscribed by a ratio of more than
[three] to [one]." n432 The renewable fuels blender's credit and the small
ethanol producer credit are both set to expire on December 31, 2011. n433

   The problem with all of the federal tax incentives for renewable energy is
that they expire every couple of years and the funding, or caps on the  [*686]
available credits, is never high enough to meet the demand. For example, the MTC
is a good credit to help start the manufacturing of renewable energy products in
the United States. The MTC is estimated to create 17,000 jobs and be matched by
$ 5.4 billion in private sector funding that will support as many as 41,000
jobs. n434 However, the $ 2.3 billion in MTCs available was oversubscribed. n435
Clearly, there was interest in investing in renewable energy product
manufacturing that far exceeded the available funding for MTCs.

   The two most important renewable fuels credits, the blenders credit and the
small ethanol producer tax credit, expired on December 31, 2011. The Renewable
Fuels Association (RFA) stated, in regard to the blender's credit, "[the] VEETC
has been a major factor behind the spectacular increase in ethanol use,
production and continued innovation in the industry." n436 Also, the small
ethanol producer tax credit is very important to the ethanol industry and the
RFA is fighting to make sure this credit does not expire on December 31, 2011.
Without these tax credits, the renewable fuels industry would suffer serious
economic setbacks.

   Additionally, the grant in lieu of tax credits is important to renewable
energy projects because most renewable energy developers have traditionally
relied on tax equity financing, which is hard to secure in today's economic
climate. n437 This problem is likely to persist until the economy recovers from
Wall Street's collapse. n438

   With regard to the PTC, it is critical to the development of renewable
energy, especially to wind energy. In 2008, just before the passage of the
Recovery Act, the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) released a report
stating the problems with the PTC and what is required to fix those problems.
They stated, "we seek changes that would foster efficient use of all tax
incentives by making the credit and depreciation benefit refundable and by
increasing flexibility to allow the credit to be utilized to offset tax
liabilities from the prior decade." n439 The main problem faced by the industry
is the instability caused by the repeated expiration of the PTC, which has been
allowed to expire in 1999, 2001, and 2003, n440 making investors reluctant to
finance wind projects. AWEA stated, "as a result of  [*687]  this on-again,
off-again pattern, the wind power industry has been denied the certainty needed
to make long-term investments in wind power manufacturing and development." n441
AWEA sought a five year extension of the PTC in 2008. n442 The Recovery Act
helped somewhat by extending the PTC through 2012 and granting an option to take
the ITC or a grant in lieu of the ITC. n443 However, the extension is not long
enough, as it will expire again at the end of 2012 without further legislative
action.

   The ITC is currently extended through December 31, 2016 by the Emergency
Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. n444 The ITC is the only tax credit to be
extended for eight years. The long-term extension of the ITC is crucial to
investment in eligible technologies, especially the solar industry. According to
the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), "the [eight]-year extension of
the ITC will provide the market "demand-signal' that is needed for the industry
to build new manufacturing capacity, expand the installer work force and
construct new utility-scale solar power plants." n445 The effects of the ITC now
and in the future are a perfect example of how important these credits are to
the development of renewable energy. Extension of these credits for longer
periods will lead to accelerated economic growth in the renewable energy
industry.

   While extending these renewable energy tax credits receives bipartisan
support on Capitol Hill, they are subject to criticism as choosing favorites
among energy resources. A recent Congressional Research Service study has
concluded that renewable tax incentives receive a much larger share of tax
incent5ives than fossil resources as compared to their respective contributions
to overall energy produced in the United States. n446

   G. Current Legislation Regarding Federal Tax Incentives

 There are bills in Congress before the House and the Senate dealing with the
various issues discussed above. Although there is currently no legislation to
extend the ITC beyond 2016 in Congress, there is currently legislation in the
House and Senate to amend § 48 to allow an ITC for property that is used to
fabricate solar energy property. n447 The amendment  [*688]  would also make the
property eligible for Recovery Act section 1603 grants in lieu of tax credits.
n448 The legislation would help facilitate solar manufacturing in the United
States and create jobs for Americans. There is also legislation to extend the
PTC. The bill is House Bill 435, the Renewable Energy Production Tax Credit
Extension Act of 2009. House Bill 435 is a bill to amend § 45(d) to extend the
PTC five years to 2017. n449 An extension of the PTC would be very beneficial to
the wind industry and would promote future investment in that area.

   Furthermore, there is currently legislation in Congress looking to extend the
Treasury Grant Program (TGP), commonly referred to as the grant in lieu of tax
credits, by amending section 1603. House Bill 5252, or the Renewable Energy Tax
Incentives Extension Act, looks to extend the TGP through 2012. n450 This
legislation is strongly supported by the SEIA because the TGP eliminates the
need for tax equity financing and is vital to furthering the development of
solar power until the economy recovers. n451

   Senate Bill 2899, the Renewable Energy Incentive Act, addresses amending the
Recovery Act. Senate Bill 2899 looks to extend the TGP through 2012, as well as
expand grants for specified energy property. n452 Under the proposed amendments,
qualified solar manufacturing project property would be eligible for a grant in
lieu of tax credits. n453 The TGP is important, as stated above, because it
eliminates the need for equity investors. The amount of legislation trying to
extend the TGP is evidence that the industry is still not receiving enough
private sector investment.

   There is also a push from the SEIA to increase the amount of money available
for the MTC for solar equipment. SEIA has made a statement in support of the
Solar Manufacturing Jobs Creation Act, saying it "supports the Administration's
proposed $ 5 billion in additional funding for the [§ ] 48C program." n454 SEIA
recognizes that the original $ 2.3 billion cap on the MTC is exhausted and
argues that increasing MTC funding would create nearly 160,000 domestic jobs by
2016. n455 For these reasons, SEIA strongly supports an extension of the § 48C
program as well as additional funding for the MTC. n456

    [*689]  There are also a number of bills dealing with extension of renewable
fuels tax credits. Senate Bill 3231 looks to extend the income tax credit and
the excise tax credit for alcohol used as fuel through January 1, 2016. n457
Senate Bill 3338 Advanced Biofuel Investment Act intends to amend § 48 to allow
an ITC of 30% on qualified advanced biofuel production property. n458 Senate
Bill 3338 would amend section 1603 to make qualified advanced biofuel production
property eligible for the grant in lieu of the ITC. n459 Finally, House Bill
4940, the Renewable Fuels Reinvestment Act, if passed will add a five year
extension to the small ethanol producer tax credit and the VEETC, or blenders
credit, as well as extending the Cellulosic Biofuel Producer Tax Credit through
December 31, 2015. n460 The RFA is currently working to get companion
legislation introduced to extend the VEETC as well as other renewable fuel tax
incentives. n461

   Not all legislation is in favor of renewable fuels tax credits. House Bill
3187, the Affordable Food and Fuel for America Act, is very much against the
extension of tax credits for renewable fuels. House Bill 3187 would reduce and
eliminate tax credits for alcohol used as fuels as well as do away with the
tariffs on imported ethanol. n462 Bills such as this do not come as a surprise
given the lively debate over the viability of ethanol and the effects its use as
fuel has on food prices.

   IV. CONCLUSION

 The default of Solyndra, rightfully or wrongly, has soured the mood in Congress
to move forward with extending existing tax incentives, or authorizing new
federal programs to incentivize clean energy. This may be a shortsighted, given
the boost the Recovery Act has provided for alternative energy infrastructure in
the United States. It is unclear whether the momentum created by the Recovery
Act can be sustained without these technologies being given parity with
traditional technologies by incentivizing their positive externalities to
American energy independence and environmental benefits. Abandoning this
momentum could result in the lack of needed infrastructure in the decades ahead
when domestic energy supply again becomes a critical vulnerability. The amount
of legislation currently in Congress with the aim of extending tax credits for
renewable energy is evidence of the importance of these tax credits to the
renewable  [*690]  energy industry. Without the extension of these tax credits,
the renewable energy industries and de-funding many of the non-tax federal
incentive programs discussed in this Article will impede the growth of an robust
American clean energy sector, resulting in loss of potential jobs and needed
infrastructure. Therefore, passage of the legislation extending tax credits for
renewable energy would be a signal that the federal government still intends to
be a catalyst for this home-grown clean technology industry and help insure a
more speedy economic recovery and the future health and well-being of the
American energy sector.

   The high start-up costs of renewable energy producing facilities combined
with the current economic downturn make the extension of federal tax credit
programs vital to the future development of the renewable energy industry. By
extending these tax credits and grant programs, the renewable energy sector will
develop much faster than it would without them. The extension will create jobs,
fight climate change, and give America greater energy independence. For these
reasons, federal tax incentives for renewable energy need to be extended.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawCooperativesFormationEnergy & Utilities LawElectric
Power IndustryElectricity Distribution & TransmissionAccessEnvironmental
LawNational Environmental Policy ActGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n6.  Pub. L. No. 111-5, § 1, 123 Stat. 115, 115 (2009).





n7.  See Spending Categories by Funds Awards, Recovery,
http://www.recovery.gov/Transparency/Pages/DataExplorer.aspx?bk=fb1b1b13-b100-49
d8-a960-e19fe34de7a9&t=U3Blb mRpbmcgQ2F0ZWdvcmllcyBieSBGdW5kcyBBd2FyZGVk (last
visited Sept. 21, 2012) (providing synopsis of Recovery Act funding). The $ 55.7
billion represents $ 27.2 billion in direct funding for clean energy development
and commercialization projects; $ 6.5 billion in transmission infrastructure
improvements; $ 4.5 billion in smart grid research and development (R&D); $ 4.5
billion in federal building efficiency improvements; and $ 13 billion in tax
credits for renewable energy production. Id.





n8.  Thomas L. Freidman, Hot, Flat, and Crowded: Why We Need a Green Revolution
- and How it Can Renew America 26-28 (2008).





n9.  Josh Freed & Mae Stevens, Nothing Ventured: The Crisis in Clean Tech
Investment 1 (2011), available at
http://content.thirdway.org/publications/456/Third_Way_Report__Nothing_Ventured_
The_ Crisis_in_Clean_Tech_Investment.pdf.





n10.  Press Release, The White House Office of the Press Secretary, Remarks by
the President on America's Energy Security (Mar. 30, 2011), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2011/03/30/remarks-president-americas
-energy-security.





n11.  16 U.S.C. § 824a-3(a) (2006). See generally 18 C.F.R. pt. 292 (2011)
(implementing § 210 regulations).





n12.  Section 210 of PURPA was amended a number of times, opening up its
incentives to geothermal generators and changing various size limitations on the
small renewable power generators. See, e.g., Energy Security Act of 1980, Pub.
L. No. 96-294, § 643, 94 Stat. 611, 770 (1979).





n13.  These rates are not to exceed the incremental cost to the electric utility
representing the avoided cost of alternative electric power.  Am. Paper Inst.,
Inc. v. Am. Elec. Power Serv. Corp., 461 U.S. 402, 405, 417 (1983). State public
utility regulatory bodies became the entities that oversaw the implementation of
the pricing of sales in their respective states under this authority, which
resulted in a variety of interpretations. See Bret L. Vanderlinde, Bidding
Farewell to the Social Costs of Electricity Production: Pricing Alternative
Energy Under PURPA, 13 J. Corp. L. 1011, 1024-30 (1988).





n14.  16 U.S.C. § 824a-3(a)-(b). Utilities are also required to provide
qualified facilities with necessary backup, interruptible, maintenance and
supplemental power. Id.





n15.  Id. § 824a-3(a); see 18 C.F.R. § 292.303(a)-(c).





n16.  See 18 C.F.R. § 292.602.





n17.  See, e.g., Steven Ferry et al., Fire and Ice: World Renewable Energy and
Carbon Control Mechanisms Confront Constitutional Barriers, 20 Duke Envtl. L. &
Pol'y F. 125, 140 (2010); James W. Moeller, Of Credits and Quotas: Federal Tax
Incentives for Renewable Resources, State Renewable Portfolio Standards, and the
Evolution of Proposals for a Federal Renewable Portfolio Standard, 15 Fordham
Envtl. L.J. 69 (2004).





n18.  See generally Richard D. Cudahy, PURPA: The Intersection of Competition
and Regulatory Policy, 16 Energy L.J. 419 (1995); M. Hornstein & J. S. Gebhart
Stoermer, The Energy Policy Act of 2005: PURPA Reform, the Amendments and Their
Implications, 27 Energy L.J. 25, 31 (2006); Kenneth V. Wilson, Electric Utility
Deregulation: The Recovery of Stranded Costs, 33 New Eng. L. Rev. 557 (1999).





n19.  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No 109-58, § 1253, 119 Stat. 594,
967-70 (codified as amended at 16 U.S.C. § 824a-3(a)(m)). See generally
Hornstein & Stoermer, supra note 18 (analyzing the PURPA Section 210
modifications).





n20.  New PURPA Section 210(m) Regulations Applicable to Small Power Production
and Cogeneration Facilities, Order No. 688, 71 Fed. Reg. 64,342, 64,343 (Nov. 1,
2006) (to be codified at 18 C.F.R. pt. 292).





n21.  Id. at 64,344.





n22.  E.g., Ferry et al., supra note 17, at 134-35.





n23.  See generally 2 U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law 10-1 to 10-144 (3d ed. 2004) [hereinafter Red Book]
(discussing federal assistance with regard to grants and cooperative
agreements).





n24.  There have been over twenty separate enactments of legislation since the
1970s, still operative, that establish federal research, development,
demonstration, and commercialization programs for clean energy technologies.
See, e.g., Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110-104,
121 Stat. 1492 (2007); Energy Policy Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-486, 106 Stat.
2276 (1992); National Energy Conservation Policy Act, Pub. L. No. 95-619, 92
Stat. 3206, (1978); Energy Policy and Conservation Act, Pub. L. No. 94-163, 89
Stat. 871 (1975).





n25.  See John A. Herrick, Federal Project Financing Incentives for Green
Industries: Renewable Energy and Beyond, 43 Nat. Resources J. 77, 83-98 (2003).





n26.  Generally, federal funds can only be disbursed to non-federal entities
through two separate transactional pathways: federal procurement contracts or
federal financial assistance agreements. 31 U.S.C. §§6303-05 (2006). The correct
legal instrument and pathway depend on what the purpose of the activity is and
the relationship of the government to the participating non-federal entity. If
the principal purpose of the activity is to acquire (by purchase, lease, or
barter) property or services for the direct benefit or use of the United States
government, the proper instrument is a procurement contract. Id. § 6303. If the
activity is to carry out a public purpose of support or stimulation authorized
by law, the proper instrument is a financial assistance agreement. Id.§§6304-05.
See generally Paul G. Dembling & Malcolm S. Mason, Essentials of Grant Practice
Law (1991).





n27.  Pub. L. No. 95-224, § 1, 92 Stat. 3, 3 (1977); see also 31 U.S.C. § 6301.
The Act was the result of the 1972 report of the Commission on Government
Procurement, which found confusion both within and outside the government over
federal agency use of grant relationships versus procurement relationships. 3
Report of the Commission on Government Procurement 1-22 (1972). The Act was an
attempt to distinguish financial assistance from procurement contracts and to
further refine the concept of assistance by clearly distinguishing grants from
cooperative agreements. Pub. L. No. 95-224, § 1, 92 Stat. 3,3 (1977).





n28.  31 U.S.C. § 6304.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id. § 6305.





n31.  Red Book, supra note 23, at 10-17.





n32.  Id.





n33.  In most instances, the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), which
governs federal procurement, is not applicable to federal financial assistance.
See generally FAR pt. 1-53 (2010). Each agency formulates a separate regulatory
regime for its financial assistance agreements, subject to guidance provided in
Office of Management and Budget Circulars. See, e.g., Office of Mgmt. & Budget,
OMB Cir. No. A-122 (2004). For example, the Department of Energy's financial
assistance regulations, which govern all of the DOE grant and cooperative
agreements, is found at 10 C.F.R. pt. 600. Those separate regulations, in some
instances, do incorporate certain aspects of the FAR into financial assistance.
A prime example is DOE incorporation of the FAR's part 31 allowable costs
principles into its financial assistance agreements. See 10 C.F.R. § 600.317
(2011).





n34.  Red Book, supra note 23, at 10-6. The U.S. Government Accountability
Office (GAO) states that:



   It is clear that the many varied rules and principles of contract law will
not be automatically applied to grants. Nevertheless, it is equally clear that
the creation of a grant relationship results in certain legal obligations
flowing in both directions (grantor and grantee) that will be enforceable by the
application of some basic contract rules.

 Id. at 10-12.





n35.  See generally id. at 10-34 to -35 (discussing the effect of federal grant
conditions).





n36.  Normally, a categorical grant is a discretionary award of the federal
government under a statutorily authorized program. Id. at 10-60.





n37.  Id. at 10-60 to -61.





n38.  Id.





n39.  For example, the DOE's policy is to use a competitive, merit-based process
in its discretionary grant programs:



   it is DOE policy to use competition in the award of grants and cooperative
agreements to the maximum extent feasible. This policy conforms to [31 U.S.C. §
6301(3),] which encourages the use of competition in awarding all grants and
cooperative agreements. Contracting Officers must use merit-based, competitive
procedures to award grants and cooperative agreements to the maximum extent
feasible.

 Dep't of Energy, Guide to Financial Assistance § 2.1.3 (June 2008), available
at http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/GuidetoFinancialAssistance.pdf; see also
10 C.F.R. § 600.13.





n40.  31 U.S.C. § 6301(3) (2006).





n41.  However, a few agencies do provide a forum for the protest of grant
awards. See, e.g., USDA National Appeals Division, 7 C.F.R. pt. 11, subpt. A
(2011).





n42.  Under various statutory and regulatory authorities, the GAO has served for
more than eighty years as an independent forum for the resolution of disputes
(commonly referred to as bid protests) concerning the award of federal
contracts. See, e.g., Robert S. Metzger & Daniel A. Lyons, A Critical
Reassessment of the GAO Bid Protest Mechanism, 2007 Wis. L.R. 1225, 1234-1288
(2007).





n43.  See Red Book, supra note 23, at 10-26.





n44.  It is in this context the remaining part of this section will discuss
cooperative agreements as the financial assistance vehicle. However, this
discussion would be applicable to grants awarded by the federal government as
the legal principles between the two remain the same.





n45.  42 U.S.C. § 16352 (2006) (mandating non-federal cost sharing on clean
energy financial assistance agreements).





n46.  Id. § 16352(b). The cost-sharing maximum for the DOE can be increased on a
project-by-project basis if the Secretary of Energy determines it is "necessary
and appropriate." Id.





n47.  Id. § 16352(c). The DOE maximum can be increased if the Secretary of
Energy determines on a project-by-project basis it is "necessary and
appropriate" due to "any technological risks" relating to the project. Id.





n48.  Id. In most instances, the DOE will solicit projects in a particular
category in a competitive process by making Funding Opportunity Announcements
(FOA) for either research and development efforts or separate FOAs for
demonstration and commercialization efforts. This process allows projects within
a specific technology area and the same stage of development to compete for the
DOE funding and be able to more accurately assess the financial role DOE will
play in the project.





n49.  National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 U.S.C.§§4321-47. NEPA
requires federal agencies to assess the environmental impact of all major
federal actions significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.
Id. § 4332. There are three types of review under NEPA: categorical exclusions
(CX), environmental assessments (EA), and environmental impact statements (EIS).
40 C.F.R. §§1508.4, .9, .11 (2011). DOE's NEPA implementing regulations, 10
C.F.R. § 1021, specify actions that normally require an EIS or an EA, and
actions that can be categorically excluded.





n50.  See, e.g., Blue Ocean Pres. Soc'y v. Watkins (I), 754 F. Supp. 1450 (D.
Haw. 1991). See generally Daniel R. Mandelker, NEPA Law and Litigation § 8:20
(2d ed. 2009).





n51.  See Mandelker, supra note 50, § 8:20 (stating no federal review when block
grants provide only indirect financing).





n52.  The Energy Policy Act of 2005 states the DOE "shall not require repayment
of the Federal share" under the financial assistance agreement. 42 U.S.C. §
16352(e). Federal tax treatment of the federal portion of the cost share is
dependent on how the federal funds will be used in the project. As a general
matter, if the federal funds are authorized to be used by a corporate recipient
under the agreement as a contribution to capital, it will not be treated as
income for tax purposes; if the funds are not so authorized, it will be taxed as
income. See I.R.C. § 118 (2009); Rev. Proc. 2010-20, 2010-14 § I.R.B 528.





n53.  10 C.F.R. § 600.321(c).





n54.  Id. § 600.321(f).





n55.  This is done through agency discretion, on a case-by-case basis through
the DOE's Golden and National Energy Technology Field Offices who negotiate and
administer the agreements.





n56.  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58, § 1007, 119 Stat. 594, 932
(2005) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 7256). This authority is subject to
reauthorization in fiscal year 2011.





n57.  DOE has promulgated a new part to its Assistance Regulations, 10 C.F.R.
pt. 603, "Technology Investment Agreements" on May 9, 2006, modeled after
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA) other transactions authority
regulation, Defense Grant and Regulatory System, DoD 3210.6-R, pt. 37 (1998).





n58.  Our Work, DARPA, http://www.darpa.mil/our_work/ (last visited August 24,
2012).





n59.  42 U.S.C. § 7256 (2006).





n60.  Assistance Regulations, 71 Fed. Reg. 27, 156, 27,158-59 (May 9, 2006).





n61.  Depending on the particular federal program, the borrower may be a
traditional private lending institution, private individual, business entity,
the federal government through the Federal Financing Bank, a state or local
government, hedge funds, or a state economic development bonding organization or
other debt-like providers.





n62.  Red Book, supra note 23, at 11-3; see also 2 U.S.C. § 661a(3) (defining "
loan guarantees" as "any guarantee, insurance, or other pledge with respect to
the payment of all or a part of the principal or interest on any debt obligation
of a non-Federal borrower to a non-Federal lender, but does not include the
insurance of deposits, shares, or other withdrawable accounts in financial
institutions").





n63.  Red Book, supra note 23, at 11-4; see Herrick, supra note 25, at 79-84.





n64.  See Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58,
§§1701-04, 119 Stat. 1117-1122 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 16511-614). Energy
Secretary Chu, in announcing the selection of the Executive Director of the
DOE's Loan Guarantee Program in 2009, stated: "The loan [guarantee] programs at
DOE play a critical role in spurring investment in a clean energy economy,
creating new jobs, and fighting carbon pollution." Press Release, Dep't of
Energy, DOE Announces New Executive Director of Loan Guarantee Program (Nov. 10,
2009), available at http://www.energy.gov/news/8280.htm.





n65.  Red Book, supra note 23, at 11-7.





n66.  Id., at 11-26.





n67.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-508, §
13201(a), 104 Stat. 1388, 1388-610 (1990) (codified as amended at 2 U.S.C. §§661
-661f).





n68.  See 2 U.S.C. § 661c(b). More specifically, "the cost of a loan guarantee
[(the "credit subsidy cost") is] the net present value, at the time when the
guaranteed loan is disbursed, of the following estimated cash flows:



   (i) payments by the Government to cover defaults and delinquencies, interest
subsidies, or other payments; and (ii) payments to the Government including
origination and other fees, penalties and recoveries; including the effects of
changes in loan terms resulting from the exercise by the guaranteed lender of an
option included in the loan guarantee contract, or by the borrower of an option
included in the guaranteed loan contract.

 Id. § 661a(5)(C).





n69.  See infra Part III.B.





n70.  Bayh-Dole Act, Pub. L. No. 96-517,§§301-07, 94 Stat. 3015, 3015-17 (1980)
(codified in scattered sections of 35 U.S.C.). 37 C.F.R. part 401 provides
guidance to federal agencies on the implementation of the Bayh-Dole Act. Part 27
of the FAR, Patents, Data and Copyrights, incorporates Bayh-Dole requirements,
when applicable, into federal procurement contracts, and 10 C.F.R. section
600.325 incorporates the Act into DOE financial assistance agreements and adopts
the FAR provisions when applicable.





n71.  Energy Policy Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-486, § 3001, 106 Stat. 2776,
3126-27 (1992) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 13541).





n72.  See 10 C.F.R. § 600.325 (2011) (setting out the federal intellectual
property clauses for DOE financial assistance agreements).





n73. " Subject invention" means any invention of the Recipient [or
sub-recipients] conceived or first actually reduced to practice in the
performance of work under this award." Patent and Data Provisions, 10 C.F.R. pt.
600, subpt. D, app. A, § 1(a).





n74.  10 C.F.R. § 600.325(b).





n75.  Id. § 600.325(c).





n76.  10 C.F.R. pt. 600, subpt. D, app. A, § 1(b).





n77.  Id. § 1(j).





n78.  Id. § 1(i). A recipient is free to negotiate with the government a
satisfactory United States preference clause that would give a recipient the
ability to grant the exclusive right to use or sell the invention to a party who
agrees to substantially manufacture the subject invention in the United States.
The extent of the preference clause depends on:



   the nature of the recipient (or sub-recipient). Generally, the DOE requires
(1) universities and nonprofits limit their grant of exclusive licenses to a
party that agrees to substantially manufacture in the United States; (2) small
businesses agree to substantially manufacture in the United States for those
products derived from the subject invention that will be sold or used in the
United States; and (3) large businesses will substantially manufacture any
products from the subject invention that are used or sold in any country. The
clause may be negotiable, with the federal government taking into account
economic reality and the benefits of worldwide use of environmental technology.

 Presentation of Dr. Arun Majumdar, ARPA-E Dir, Overview of the ARPA-E Award
Contracting Process for Selectees (Oct. 4, 2011).





n79.  Background intellectual property of the recipient that was funded
exclusively at private expense is defined as "limited rights data," which, if
provided to the government under the assistance agreement, will be protected
from disclosure. 10 C.F.R. § 600.325(c)(3); see FAR § 27.404-2 (2010). If this
data is considered trade secrets of the recipient, any disclosure by the federal
agency will be treated as a violation of the Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. §
1905, with associated administrative and criminal sanctions to the individual
employees who disclosed such information.





n80.  42 U.S.C. § 13541(d) (2006) (applying 15 U.S.C. § 3710a(c)(7)). This data
is defined as "protected data" under the financial assistance agreement. In most
cases, university and nonprofit organizations will be expected by the government
not to avail themselves of this protection.





n81.  U.S. Dep't of Energy, Fiscal Year 2010 Budget-in-Brief 3 (2010), available
at http://www1.eere.energy.gov/ba/pba/pdfs/fy10_budget_brief.pdf [hereinafter
2010 Budget-in-Brief].





n82.  Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123 Stat. 114, 138 (2009).





n83.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 17 (2009). The White House's proposed 2011
budget increases EERE funding to $ 2.3 billion. See Office of Mgmt. & Budget,
Appendix Budget of the U.S. Government Fiscal Year 2011 425 (2010), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/budget/fy2011/assets/appendix.
pdf [hereinafter 2011 Proposal].





n84.  U.S. Dep't of Energy, Federal Financial Assistance Opportunities 3 (2003),
available at
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/maprod/documents/4finassthowto5.pdf.



   Merit review means a thorough, consistent, and independent examination of
applications based on pre-established criteria by persons who are independent of
those individuals submitting the application and who are knowledgeable in the
field of endeavor for which assistance is requested ... . Merit review is often
used in conjunction with program policy evaluation factors to provide a sound
basis for selection decisions. Examples of program policy factors are:
geographic distribution of awards; diversity in type and size of recipients;
diversity of methods, approaches, or kinds of work; and selection of projects
which are complementary to other DOE programs or projects.

 Id. at 3-4.





n85.  U.S. Dep't of Energy, Guide to Financial Assistance: A Guide to Awards and
Administration of Financial Assistance 19-20 (2008), available at
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/GuidetoFinancialAssistance.pdf.





n86.  FedBizOpps.gov, https://www.fbo.gov/ (last visited Mar. 3, 2012).





n87.  Grants.gov, http://www.grants.gov/ (last visited Mar. 3, 2012).





n88.  FedConnect, https://www.fedconnect.net/FedConnect/ (last visited Mar. 3,
2012).





n89.  2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 37.





n90.  Photovoltaics R&D and Concentrating Solar Power subprograms uses light
sensitive cells to convert the sun's energy into electricity. Id.; see also
Solar Energy Technologies Program, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/solar/photovoltaics_ program.html (last updated Apr.
22, 2011).





n91.  Concentrated solar technology uses mirrors to focus the sun's energy,
creating thermal energy that can be converted into electricity. 2010
Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 37.





n92.  Id.





n93.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 103 (2009).





n94.  See 2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 37. The White House proposed $
302 million for 2011. 2011 Proposal, supra note 83, at 425.





n95.  3 U.S. Dep't of Energy, FY 2011 Congressional Budget Request 181 (2010),
available at http://www.cfo.doe.gov/budget/11budget/content/volume%203. pdf
[hereinafter DOE Budget Request].





n96.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 17.





n97.  2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 49. The White House proposed $ 123
million for 2011. 2011 Proposal, supra note 83, at 425.





n98.  The Technology Viability subprogram seeks to reduce the kilowatt per hour
cost of electricity by developing new technology. 2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra
note 81, at 50.





n99.  The Technology Application subprogram focuses on institutional resistance
to wind technology, utility planning, environmental mitigation, and
interconnection issues. 2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 51; DOE Budget
Request, supra note 95, at 202.





n100.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 207.





n101.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 103; 2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at
31. The White House proposed $ 55 million for 2011. 2011 Proposal, supra note
83, at 425.





n102.  2010 Budget-in-Brief, supra note 81, at 31.





n103.  Id.





n104.  Id. at 32.





n105.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 216.





n106.  Id. at 54.





n107.  See id.





n108.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 102 (2009). The White House proposed $ 137
million for 2011. 2011 Proposal, supra note 83, at 425.





n109.  The Hydrogen Storage subprogram focuses on consumer adoption of hydrogen
technology in personal vehicles. DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 77-78.





n110.  See Fuel Cell Technologies Program, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/hydrogenandfuelcells/program_areas.html (last
updated Sept. 8, 2009).





n111.  See DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 499.





n112.  H.R. Rep. No. 111-278, at 17. The White House's proposed 2011 budget
increased OE funding to $ 185.9 million. 2011 Proposal, supra note 83, at 424.





n113.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 497.





n114.  Id. at 498.





n115.  Id.





n116.  The Research and Development Program seeks to "advance technology, in
partnership with industry, government, and the public, to meet America's need
for a reliable, efficient, and secure and affordable electric power grid." Id.
at 513.





n117.  The mission of the Permitting, Siting, and Analysis Program (PSA) is "to
modernize the electric grid; enhance security and reliability of the energy
infrastructure." Id. at 499.





n118.  The Infrastructure Security and Energy Restoration Subprogram (ISER)
coordinates national efforts to secure energy infrastructure against physical
and cyber disruptions and quickly restore power when these disruptions occur.
Id. at 498.





n119.  America COMPETES Act, Pub. L. No. 110-69, § 5012, 121 Stat. 572, 621
(2007) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 16538 (Supp. 2009)).





n120.  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115, 140 (2009).





n121.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 600.





n122.  Id. at 601.





n123.  2011 Proposal, supra note 83, at 421.





n124.  Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 9007, 122 Stat. 923, 1315-18 (2008) (codified at 7
U.S.C. § 8107); see also 7 C.F.R. pt. 4280, subpt. B (2011) (providing program
regulations).





n125.  7 U.S.C. § 8107(c). For program specifics, see Rural Energy for America
Program Grants/Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assist
(REAP/EA/REDA), USDA Rural Dev., http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/REAPEA.htm
(last visited Mar. 3, 2012).





n126.  7 C.F.R. § 4280.115(a) (2012).





n127.  Id. § 4280.115(e)-(f).





n128.  Id.





n129.  75 Fed. Reg. 21,584, 21,587 (Apr. 26, 2010).





n130.  7 C.F.R. § 4280.103. A rural area is defined as any area other than a
city or town of 50,000 or more and the surrounding urbanized area. Id. The REAP
small business standard adopts the North American Industry Classification System
set forth in the Small Business Administration's regulations at 13 C.F.R. pt.
121. Id. § 4280.108(f).





n131.  7 C.F.R. § 4280.115(e)-(f).





n132.  Id. § 4280.105.





n133.  Repowering Assistance, Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 9004, 122 Stat. 923,
1313-14 (2008) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 8104 (Supp. 2010)); see also 7 C.F.R. pt.
4288 (providing program specifics).





n134.  7 U.S.C. § 8104 (Supp. 2010). The program awarded approximately $ 20
million in funds in FY 2009 and $ 40 million in FY 2010. Notice of Contract
Proposal (NOCP) for Payments to Eligible Advanced Biofuel Producers, 74 Fed.
Reg. 28,009, 28,012 (June 12, 2009); Notice of Contract Proposal (NOCP) for
Payments to Eligible Advanced Biofuel Producers, 75 Fed. Reg. 24,781, 24,865
(May 6, 2010). In March 2011, $ 25 million was made available to this program
for financial assistance. Notice of Contract Proposal (NOCP) for Payments to
Eligible Advanced Biofuel Producers, 76 Fed. Reg. 13,345, 13,349 (Mar. 11,
2011).





n135.  7 U.S.C. § 8104 (c) (Supp. 2010).





n136.  See Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries, 76 Fed.
Reg. 7916 (Feb. 11, 2011).





n137.  The term "biorefinery" means a facility (including equipment and
processes) that (1) converts renewable biomass into biofuels and biobased
products; and (2) may produce electricity. 7 U.S.C. § 8101(7). Biorefinery is
further defined as a "producer, whose primary production is liquid
transportation biofuels, that meets all requirements of this program. The
biorefinery must have been in existence on or before June 18, 2008." Notice of
Funding Availability (NOFA) for Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible
Biorefineries, 74 Fed. Reg. 28,009, 28,011 (June 12, 2009).





n138.  BLM's website describes the wind, solar, geothermal, biomass resources
and transmission corridors under BLM's control. See Renewable Energy Resources,
Bureau of Land Mgmt.,
http://www.blm.gov/wo/st/en/prog/energy/renewable_energy.html (last visited Feb.
27, 2012).





n139.  Press Release, Bureau of Land Mgmt., Secretary Salazar, Senator Reid
Announce "Fast-Track" Initiatives for Solar Energy Development on Western Lands
(June 29, 2009), available at
http://www.blm.gov/wo/st/en/info/newsroom/2009/june/NR_0629_2009.html.





n140.  See Bureau of Land Mgmt. - Renewable Energy Authorization, Dep't of
Interior Recovery Inv.,
http://recovery.doi.gov/press/bureaus/bureau-of-land-management/bureau-of-land-m
anagement-renewable-energy-authorization/ (last visited Feb. 2, 2012).





n141.  Salazar Announces Additional Steps Toward Smarter Development of
Renewable Energy on U.S. Public Lands, U.S. Dep't of Interior (Feb. 8, 2011),
http://www.doi.gov/news/pressreleases/Salazar-Announces-Additional-Steps-toward-
Smarter-Development-of-Renewable-Energy-on-US-Public-Lands.cfm.





n142.  Fisheries and Habitat Conservation and Migratory Birds Program; Draft
Land-Based Wind Energy Guidelines, 76 Fed. Reg. 9590 (Feb. 18, 2011); Migratory
Birds; Draft Eagle Conservation Plan Guidance, 76 Fed. Reg. 9529 (Feb. 18,
2011).





n143.  The BLM policy is set forth in three Instruction Memoranda dated February
7, 2011. Memorandum from Dir. of Bureau of Land Mgmt. to All Field Offices,
National Environmental Policy Act Compliance for Utility-Scale Renewable Energy
Right-of-Way Authorizations (Feb. 7, 2011), http://blm.gov/yl5c; Memorandum from
Dir. of Bureau of Land Mgmt. to All Field Offices, Solar and Wind Energy
Applications - Due Diligence (Feb. 7, 2011), available at http://blm.gov/zl5c;
Memorandum from Dir. of Bureau of Land Mgmt. to All Field Offices, Solar and
Wind Energy Applications - Pre-Application Screening (Feb. 7, 2011), available
at http://blm.gov/xl5c.





n144.  As of 2010, BLM has established Renewable Energy Coordination Offices in
California, Nevada, Arizona, and Wyoming, where the majority of the existing
workload for renewable energy applications and projects is currently located.
See Secretary Salazar, Director Abbey Open Renewable Energy Coordination Office
in California to Speed Project Processing, U.S. Dep't of Interior (Oct. 9,
2009), http://www.doi.gov/news/pressreleases/2009_10_09_releaseC.cfm.





n145.  See U.S. Dep't of the Interior, New Energy for America, Bureau of Land
Mgmt., http://www.blm.gov/wo/st/en/prog/energy/renewable_energy.html (last
visited Aug. 25, 2012).





n146.  See Solar Energy Development Programmatic EIS Info. Center, Solareis,
http://solareis.anl.gov/ (last visited Feb. 27, 2012) (providing information
about the ongoing Solar PEIS process).





n147.  See DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 97. The DOE Biomass Program was
appropriated $ 214 million in funds for R&D activities in fiscal year 2009, but
an additional $ 777 million was funds derived from the Recovery Act. Id. at 97.
Its 2010 funding is $ 220 million, and it has requested $ 220 million for fiscal
year 2011. Id.





n148.  See id. at 98-99.





n149.  See id. at 104-05.





n150.  See id. at 99.





n151.  Id. at 105.





n152.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Biomass Research and
Development Initiative), Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 9008(e), 122 Stat. 923, 1320-24
(2008) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 8108(e) (Supp. 2009)).





n153.  Id. § 8108(e).





n154.  Id. § 8108(e)(3).





n155.  Id. § 8108(e)(1). Applicants must clearly demonstrate the value chain
element they intend to focus on and specify whether the project is conducting
research or a demonstration. The value chain can be characterized as consisting
of the following elements: feedstock development and growth; feedstock
harvesting and preparation; feedstock logistics and transportation; feedstock
storage and handling; biomass preprocessing (as appropriate); biomass
conversion; production of biofuels/bioenergy/bio-based products; product
logistics and handling; and product delivery and distribution. See DOE Funding
Opportunity Announcement, DE-FOA-0000657 at 9-11 (Mar. 22, 2012).





n156.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 9005,
122 Stat. 923, 1314 (2008) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 8105).





n157.  7 C.F.R. § 4288.102 (2012). For the program rules, see 7 C.F.R. pt. 4288
subpt. B. For the Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels guidelines, see 7
C.F.R. pt. 4288 subpt. A. Additional proposal and funding information is
provided in periodic Notice of Proposals. See, e.g., Notice of Contract Proposal
(NOCP) for Payments to Eligible Advanced Biofuel Producers, 76 Fed. Reg. 13,345
(Mar. 11, 2011).





n158.  7 C.F.R. § 4288.2.102 (2012).





n159.  The program received $ 80 million in FY 2010, $ 85 million in FY 2011,
and is expected to receive $ 105 million in FY 2012. 7 U.S.C. § 8105; see also 7
U.S.C. § 8105(g).





n160.  See 7 C.F.R. § 4288.110.





n161.  Id. § 4288.3.





n162.  The SEP was authorized by the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, 42
U.S.C. § 7101 and operates under regulation found at 10 C.F.R. pt. 420 (2012).





n163.  SEP formula grants totaled $ 25 million in 2010 and the same amount will
be allotted in 2011. See DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 442.





n164.  10 C.F.R. Part 420 (2012).





n165.  SEP competitive grants to states totaled $ 25 million in FY 2010, and $
37.5 million is planned for FY 2011. The most recent solicitation cycle (FY
2008) resulted in the award of $ 6.6 million in competitive grants for fifteen
state-level projects, nine of which focused on developing policy and regulations
to support gigawatt-scale clean energy capacity, and six of which focused on
developing advanced building codes. Future areas of interest include encouraging
(1) states and utilities to improve energy efficiency and renewable energy
deployment; and (2) optimization of state energy planning and protocols. DOE
Budget Request, supra note 95, at 442.





n166.  Id.





n167.  Id.





n168.  The current EECBG was authorized in Title V, Subtitle E of the Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007. Pub. L. No. 110-140, §§541-48, 121 Stat.
1492, 1667-74 (2007) (codified at 42 U.S.C.§§17151-58 (Supp. 2009)).





n169.  H. Rep. No. 111-16, at 427 (2009) (Conf. Rep.).





n170.  Pub. L. No. 110-140, § 546, 121 Stat. 1492, 1673 (2007) (codified at 42
U.S.C. § 17156).





n171.  Financial Assistance Funding Opportunity Announcement, U.S. Dep't of
Energy, 7 (Oct. 19, 2009), available at
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/wip/pdfs/eecbg_competitive_foa148_amendment3.pdf.



   Topic 1, the Retrofit Ramp-up Program, provides up to $ 390.04 million for
programs of $ 5 to $ 75 million for [eight] to [twenty] awards. Topic 2, The
General Innovation Fund, is for competitive grants that are reserved for units
of local government and state-recognized tribes not eligible for direct formula
grants, as per EISA 2007 requirements. Topic 2 provides up to $ 63.68 million
(approximately 2[%] of $ 3.2 billion) for projects of $ 1 to $ 5 million for
[fifteen] to [sixty] awards.

 Id.





n172.  Id.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 347-348. ITP partnerships with key
high-energy use industry groups and companies support the goal of section 106 of
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 of achieving a 25% reduction in United States
industrial energy intensity by 2017.





n176.  Id. at 342-44, 347-48. Recovery Act funding within ITP has helped to
stimulate the economy and create and retain jobs through Combined Heat and
Power, District Energy Systems, Waste Heat Recovery, Efficient Industrial
Equipment, Information Technology Equipment Efficiency, and Pre-commercial
Technology Demonstration for Information and Communication Technology Systems
projects.





n177.  Id. at 341.





n178.  ITP's budget request for 2011 is for $ 100 million. Id.





n179.  2009 Buildings Energy Data Book, U.S. Dep't of Energy, 1-1, 1-20 (Oct.
2009), available at
http://buildingsdatabook.eren.doe.gov/docs%5CDataBooks%5C2009_BEDB_Updated.pdf.





n180.  DOE Budget Request, supra note 95, at 295.





n181.  Id. at 301.





n182.  Id. at 308-10.





n183.  Id.





n184.  See generally National Energy Conservation Policy Act of 1978, Pub. L.
No. 95-619, 92 Stat. 3206 (1992).





n185.  See 10 C.F.R. § 436.34 (2009).





n186.  Title VIII of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act, was amended
several times. Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, Pub. L.
110-140,§§511-18, 121 Stat. 1482, 1658-61; Energy Policy Act of 1992, Pub. L.
No. 102-486, § 155, 106 Stat. 2776, 2852-55 (1992); Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-272, § 7201, 100 Stat. 82, 142-43
(1986) (codified at 42 U.S.C.§§8260, 8287 (2006)). See generally Herrick, supra
note 25, at 96-98 (discussing ESPCs).





n187.  See U.S. Dep't of Energy, Federal Energy Management Program 1 (2011),
available at http://www1.eere.energy.gov/femp/pdfs/espc_intro.pdf. Approximately
$ 3.9 billion has been invested in federal facilities through ESPCs, saving more
than $ 32.8 trillion BTU annually, equivalent to the energy used by a city of
more than 893,000 people. Id. DOE estimates that energy cost savings of $ 13.1
billion for the federal government ($ 10.1 billion goes to finance project
investments) are due to the implementation of ESPCs. Id. More than 570 ESPC
projects have been awarded by twenty-five different federal agencies in
forty-nine states and Washington, D.C. Id.





n188.  Herrick, supra note 25, at 96. An agency does not need a specific
appropriation to cover capital costs associated with the contract activity, or
specific statutory authority to contract beyond one year, to enter into an ESPC.
As such, ESPCs are exempted from the federal Anti-Deficiency Act. See 31 U.S.C.
§ 1341 (2006).





n189.  ESCOs develop, install, and finance projects designed to improve energy
efficiency and reduce operation and maintenance (O&M) costs for their customers'
facilities. ESCOs generally act as project developers for a wide range of tasks
and assume the technical and performance risk associated with the project. Neil
Peretz, Growing the Energy Efficiency Market Through Third-Party Financing, 30
Energy L.J. 377, 391-95 (2009).





n190.  See, e.g., David Frenkil, Energy Saving Performance Contracts: Assessing
Whether to "Retrofit" an Effective Contracting Vehicle for Improving Energy
Efficiency in Federal Government Facilities, 39 Pub. Cont. L.J. 331, 333-41
(2010); Herrick, supra note 25, at 96.





n191.  See, e.g., Peretz, supra note 189, at 391-95; Herrick, supra note 25, at
96-97.





n192.  Peretz, supra note 189.





n193.  Id.





n194.  Energy Independence and Security Act, supra note 168,§§512-13, 121 Stat.
1658 (2007).





n195.  Id.





n196.  See, e.g., The National Renewable Energy Laboratory monograph Super
Energy Savings Performance Contracts:
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy03osti/34312.pdf. Under Super ESPCs, the DOE, through
its Federal Energy Management Program Office, has already completed the Federal
Acquisition Regulations procurement process, in compliance with all necessary
requirements, and awarded contracts to selected ESCOs, who are then prequalified
to undertake specific task orders. In much less time than it takes to develop a
stand-alone ESPC, a federal site can implement a Super ESPC delivery order
project and begin to realize energy and cost savings. Id.





n197.  Id.





n198.  DOE has established two types of Super ESPs: Regional and
Technology-Specific Super ESPCs. Id. Regional Super ESPCs allow agencies in a
particular region of the United States to place delivery orders with preselected
ESCOs for projects using a wide variety of proven energy efficiency and
conservation measures. Id. Technology-Specific Super ESPCs encourage the use of
emerging renewable energy systems to help federal agencies benefit from these
promising technologies. Id. Technology-Specific Super ESPCs currently focus on
three energy systems: biomass-based fuels, geothermal heat pumps, and
photovoltaic systems, where the featured technology is the center of the
project. Id.





n199.  Pub. L. No. 109-58, §§1701-04, 119 Stat. 594, 1117-22 (2005) (codified at
42 U.S.C.§§16511-14 (2006)); see also 10 C.F.R. pt. 609 (2011) (providing
implementation of Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005).





n200.  42 U.S.C. § 16513 (2006).





n201. " New or significantly improved technologies" means technologies that have
"only recently been developed, discovered or learned; or ... involves or
constitutes one or more meaningful and important improvements in productivity or
value in comparison to Commercial Technologies in use," referring to technology
used in three or more project for over five years. 10 C.F.R. § 609.2.





n202.  From the program's inception in 2005 until 2010, only one project had
received a loan guarantee. However, the pace of the program has sped up in 2009
and into 2010. As of March 2011, eight loan guarantees have been executed and an
additional four conditional commitments for loan guarantees have been approved.
U.S. Dep't of Energy, FY 2011 Congressional Budget Request: Budget Highlights
53-54 (2010), available at
http://www.cfo.doe.gov/budget/11budget/Content/FY2011Highlights.pdf. Current
support for the section 1703 program is over $ 51 billion in authority to
guarantee loans, and the section 1705 program has received $ 4 billion in
subsidy cost funding. Id. at 54. The 2011 DOE budget request to Congress asks
for an additional $ 36 billion in loan guarantee authority for nuclear projects
and $ 500 million for section 1703 subsidy costs, which could authorize up to $
5 billion in national new and innovative project loan guarantees. Id.





n203.  10 C.F.R. §§609.10(d)(3); 609.12 (setting out what DOE will considered as
eligible project costs).





n204.  Id. § 609.10(d)(5).





n205.  42 U.S.C. § 16512(b).





n206.  See discussion infra Part III.B (explaining credit subsidy costs for
federal loan guarantees).





n207.  10 C.F.R. § 609.9(d)(1). The credit subsidy cost is to be paid in cash
(not project equity) and cannot be rolled over into the loan as a project cost.
Id. § 609.12(c)(8).





n208.  Id. § 609.10(d)(4)(i). The Federal Financing Bank was created by the
Federal Financing Bank Act of 1973. Pub. L. No. 93-224, 87 Stat. 937 (1973)
(codified at 12 U.S.C. §§2281-96). Its purpose is to coordinate federal credit
programs with overall government economic and fiscal policies. Id. § 2. It has
authority to purchase any obligation guaranteed by another federal agency to
ensure that fully guaranteed obligations are financed efficiently. Id. § 6. It
is a corporate instrumentality of the United States government, subject to the
general direction and supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury. Id. § 4. The
Bank essentially acts as an intermediary in a federal credit support transaction
by purchasing the debt under a federal agency loan guarantee program. The Bank
obtains funds by issuing its own securities, almost entirely to the Treasury.
Id.§§6-9.





n209.  Id. § 609.11 (discussing eligible lender qualifications).





n210.  Id. § 609.10(d)(4)(ii).





n211.  42 U.S.C. § 16512(f) (2006).





n212.  In pari passu is when lenders share creditor rights proportionally with
other lenders. Unlike the earlier version of the DOE's loan guarantee
regulations, the DOE now does not have to obtain the senior security interest
position in project assets. See 10 C.F.R. § 609.10(d)(22).





n213.  A loan guarantee requires substantial fees, including an application fee,
a facility fee, and maintenance fees. Up-front fees are due at closing. Id. §
609.9(d)(2).





n214.  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, § 406,
123 Stat. 115, 145 (2009) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 16516 (Supp. 2009)).





n215.  42 U.S.C. § 16516(a)(1).





n216.  Id. § 16513(a)(2).





n217.  See generally id. § 16513.





n218.  See generally id. § 16513(c).





n219.  The American Recovery and Re-Investment Act, Pub. L. No 111-5, 123
Stat.114,140 (2009).





n220.  Pub. L. No. 111-226, § 308, 124 Stat. 2389, 2405 (2010) (rescinded $ 1.5
billion for state educational funding); Pub. L. No 111-47, 123 Stat. 1972 (2009)
(providing $ 2 billion for the "Cash for Clunkers" Program).





n221.  Federal Loan Guarantees for Commercial Technology Renewable Energy
Generation Projects Under the Financial Institution Partnership Program:
Solicitation Number: DE-FOA-0000166, LG Program 1,
http://www.lgprogram.energy.gov/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/CTRE.pdf.





n222.  Id. at 6-8.





n223.  Id.





n224.  Id.





n225.  Id.





n226.  Id.





n227.  Id.





n228.  The Financing Force Behind America's Clean Energy Economy, Loan Programs
Office, https://lpo.energy.gov/?page_id=45 ( last visited in Sept. 212012).





n229.  Michael Mendelsohn, Looking Under the Hood: Some Perspective on the Loan
Guarantee Program, National Renewable Energy Monograph, (Dec. 28, 2011),
https://financere.nrel.gov/finance/content/looking-under-hood-some-perspective-
loan-guarantee-program; Mark Stricherz, Dems, Solar Industry Defend Abound Loan,
DOE Program, The Colorado Observer, (July 19, 2012),
http://thecoloradoobserver.com/2012/07/dems-defend-abound/.





n230.  Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 9003, 122 Stat. 923, 1310-13 (2008) (codified at 7
U.S.C. § 8103 (Supp. 2010)). The term "renewable biomass" means "(A) materials,
pre-commercial thinnings, or invasive species from National Forest System land
and other public lands; or (B) any organic matter that is available on a
renewable or recurring basis from non-Federal land or [certain Indian lands]."
Id. § 8101(12). The term "advanced biofuel" means:



   fuel derived from renewable biomass other than corn kernel starch[,
including:] (i) biofuel derived from cellulose, hemicellulose, or lignin; (ii)
biofuel derived from sugar and starch (other than ethanol derived from corn
kernel starch); (iii) biofuel derived from waste material, including crop
residue, other vegetative waste material, animal waste, food waste, and yard
waste; (iv) diesel-equivalent fuel derived from renewable biomass, including
vegetable oil and animal fat; (v) biogas (including landfill gas and sewage
waste treatment gas) produced through the conversion of organic matter from
renewable biomass; (vi) butanol or other alcohols produced through the
conversion of organic matter from renewable biomass; and (vii) other fuel
derived from cellulosic biomass.

 Id. § 8101(3).





n231.  This loan guarantee program is implemented under USDA's generic loan
guarantee regulations found at 7 C.F.R. §§4280.121-.200. On February 14, 2011,
USDA published an interim final rule for the section 9003 program, which
instituted substantial changes to facilitate program participation and the
availability of private sector debt instruments under the program.  76 Fed. Reg.
8404, 8461 (Feb. 14, 2011) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R. pts. 4279, 4287).





n232.  7 U.S.C. § 8103(a)(2)(A) (2006).





n233.  Id. § 8103(b).





n234.  76 Fed. Reg. 8404, 8413, 8415, 8418 (Feb. 14, 2011) (to be codified at 7
C.F.R. pts. 4279, 4287).





n235.  Id. at 8466. Loans under $ 125 million are eligible for the 90% federal
guarantee if the borrower also agrees to provide at least 40% equity in the
project and other conditions are met. Id. Otherwise the maximum guarantee is 80%
of the loan; loans above $ 150 million are subject to a maximum 70% guarantee.
Id.





n236.  7 C.F.R. § 4279.261 (2011).





n237.  Id. § 4279.265.





n238.  Id. § 4279.265(d).





n239.  Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting Applications for the
Biorefinery Assistance Program, 76 Fed. Reg. 13,351, 13,351-53 (Mar. 11, 2011).





n240.  Eligible purposes for loan guarantees under REAP for purchase and
installation of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
include: post-application purchase and installation of equipment;
post-application construction or project improvements; energy audits and
assessments; permit and license fees; professional service fees; feasibility
study; business plan; retrofitting; construction of a new energy-efficient
facility only when the facility is used for the same purpose, is approximately
the same size, and based on the energy audit will provide more energy savings
than improving an existing facility; and working capital and land acquisition
(Personal knowledge of author acting as DOE chief counsel for thirty years).





n241.  The REAP Loan and Loan Guarantee Programs operate under 7 C.F.R.
§§4280.101-4290.116 (loans) and 7 C.F.R. §§4280.121-.200 (loan guarantees).





n242.  The 85% maximum guarantee is for projects costing less than $ 600,000.
The maximum for loans under $ 5 million but over $ 600,000 is 80%, and the
maximum for loans less than $ 10 million but more than $ 5 million is 70%. 7
C.F.R. § 4280.123(c).





n243.  Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Inviting Applications
for Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants and
Guaranteed Loans and Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants under the Rural
Energy for America Program, 74 Fed. Reg. 24,769, 24,769-81 (May 26, 2009).





n244.  Id.





n245.  Id.





n246.  Id.





n247.  See generally id.





n248.  7 C.F.R. pt. 11, subpt. A.





n249.  Pub. L. No. 109-58, § 1303, 119 Stat. 594, 991-97 (2005) (codified as
amended at I.R.C. § 54 (2009)).





n250.  I.R.C. §§54(f), 54(a) (2006).





n251.  Pub. L. No. 111-147, § 301, 124 Stat. 71, 77-78 (2010).





n252.  Pub. L. No. 109-58, § 1303, 119 Stat. 594, 991-97 (2005); I.R.C. §
54(f)(1).





n253.  Pub. L. No. 109-432, § 202, 120 Stat. 2922, 3008-15 (2006).





n254.  See I.R.C. § 54(f).





n255.  See id. § 54(j)(4). Section 54(j) defines a "cooperative electric
company" as "a mutual or cooperative electric company described in [§ ]
501(c)(12) or [§ ] 1381(a)(2)(C), or a not-for-profit electric utility which has
received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act"; a "clean
renewable energy bond lender" as "a cooperative which is owned by, or has
outstanding loans to, 100 or more cooperative electric companies and is in
existence on February 1, 2002"; and "governmental body" as "any State,
territory, possession of the United States, the District of Columbia, Indian
tribal government, and any political subdivision thereof." Id. § 54(j)(1-(3).





n256.  Id. § 54(d)(1)(B).





n257.  See id. § 54(j)(5).





n258.  See id. § 54(d)(2); see also I.R.S. Notice 2006-7, 2006-10 I.R.B. 559
(clarifying that any facility that is "functionally related and subordinate" to
a qualified generation facility is also eligible for CREBs financing, including
radial transmission lines, offices, storage, and so forth).





n259.  See, e.g., I.R.S. Notice 2009-33, 2009-17 I.R.B. 865; I.R.S. Notice
2009-15, 2009-6 I.R.B. 449; I.R.S. Notice 2007-26, 2007-14 I.R.B. 870.





n260.  I.R.S. Notice 2007-26, 2007-14 I.R.B. 870.





n261.  The Secretary of the Treasury may extend the applicable five-year period
if the issuer submits a request prior to the expiration of the period and
establishes that the failure to meet the five-year requirement is due to
reasonable cause and the related projects will continue with due diligence.
However, if an issuer fails to spend 95% of the proceeds of the issue within the
specified period, including any applicable extension period, the issuer must
redeem all nonqualified bonds within ninety days after the expiration of the
period. See I.R.C. § 54(h) (2006).





n262.  See id. § 54(h)(1).





n263.  Id. § 54(l)(4).





n264.  Id. § 54(a).





n265.  See id. § 54(g).





n266.  Compare I.R.C. § 75, with id. § 54.





n267.  I.R.C. § 54(e)(2). The Secretary shall make this determination using a
discount rate equal to the average annual interest rate of tax-exempt
obligations with a term of at least ten years that are issued during the month
of issuance. Id.





n268.  Pub. L. No. 110-343, § 107, 122 Stat. 3765, (2008).





n269.  See I.R.C. § 54(m).





n270.  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, § 1111,
123 Stat. 115, 322 (2009).





n271.  See I.R.C. § 54C(a). Two percent of the bond issue may be used for
certain issuance costs. Id.





n272.  Id. § 54C(d)(2).





n273.  Id. § 54C(d)(6).





n274.  Id. § 54C(d)(6).





n275.  See id. § 54C(d)(1).





n276.  Id. § 54C(c)(2), (3).





n277.  Id. § 54C(c)(3)(b).





n278.  Id. § 54C(3)(a).





n279.  See I.R.S. Notice 2009-33, 2009-17 I.R.B. 865, 870. Written notice must
be provided to the IRS once an issuer determines that bonds will not be issued
within the applicable three-year period and those bonds will be considered
forfeited and available for reallocation. Id.





n280.  See I.R.C. § 54C(b).





n281.  See id. § 54A(c).





n282.  I.R.C. § 54(l)(4).





n283.  I.R.C. §§54A(b)(3), 54A(a) and 54A(d)(5). These statutes do not address
balloon payments.





n284.  See TreasuryDirect, https://www.treasurydirect.gov/GA-SL/SLGS/selectCREB
Date.htm, (last visited Oct. 4, 2012) (setting out the history of CREBs credit
rates).





n285.  I.R.S. Notice 2009-15, 2009-6 I.R.B. 449. The Department of Treasury will
determine and announce credit rates for tax credit bonds daily, based on its
estimate of the yields on outstanding bonds from market sectors selected by the
Treasury in its discretion that have an investment grade rating of between A and
BBB. Id. (modifying I.R.S. Notice 2007-26, 2007-14 I.R.B.).





n286.  I.R.C. § 54A(i)(1)&(2).





n287.  I.R.C. § 54(i).





n288.  I.R.C. § 54A(d)(4)(A).





n289.  Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010, Pub. L. No.111-147,
§ 301, 124 Stat. 71,77 (2010).





n290.  Id.





n291.  Id.





n292.  I.R.C § 54D.





n293.  A "large local government" is any municipality or county with population
of one hundred thousand or more. Id. § 54D(e)(2)(C).





n294.  Id. § 54D(f).





n295.  Id. § 54D(b).





n296.  § 301, 124 Stat. at 77.





n297.  I.R.C. § 54D(e); I.R.S. Notice 2009-29, 2009-16 I.R.B 849. Allocations to
largest local governments are allocated a portion of the state's allocation
based on the ratio of the population of large local government to the population
of the state. I.R.C. § 54D(e)(2)(a). Any unused portion can be reallocated to
the state. Id. § 54D(e)(2)(b).





n298.  See I.R.C. § 54D(a).





n299.  Id. § 54D(f)(1).





n300.  Id. § 54D(b).





n301.  Id. §§54D(e)(3), 54(f)(2). Bonds issued to provide loans, grants, or
repayment mechanisms for capital expenditures to implement green community
programs are not treated as private activity bonds. Id. § 54D(e)(4).





n302.  See e.g., Mann & Rowe, Ch. 7 Taxation, The Law of Clean Energy:
Effeciency and Renewables, 145-50 (M. Gerrard ed. 2011).





n303.  Mona Hymel, The United States' Experience with Energy-Based Tax
Incentives: The Evidence Supporting Tax Incentives for Renewable Energy, 38 Loy.
U. Chi. L.J. 43, 54 (2006).





n304.  See, Moeller supra note 17, at 72.





n305.  Id. at 55.





n306.  One of the most significant of the five bills that were consolidated with
the Energy Tax Act of 1978 was the Public Utilities Regulatory Policies Act
(PURPA) of 1978. James W. Moeller, Of Credits and Quotas: Federal Tax Incentives
for Renewable Resources, State Renewable Portfolio Standards, and the Evolution
of Proposals for a Federal Renewable Portfolio Standard, 15 Fordham Envtl. L.
Rev. 69, 72 (2004). Specifically, section 210 of PURPA helped advance the
production of renewable energy by requiring electric utilities to purchase
electric power produced by qualified cogeneration and small alternative power
energy producers.  Id. at 73. The section was of great importance since it
provided a market for renewable energy producers.





n307.  Hymel, supra note 303, at 55.





n308.  Molly F. Sherlock, Energy Tax Incentives: Measuring Value Across
Different Types of Energy Resources, Congressional Research Service, 7-5700, 7
(Sept. 2012).





n309.  See Moeller, supra note 17, at 82.





n310.  Id.





n311.  Id. at 84-86.





n312.  Id. at 87.





n313.  Hymel, supra note 303, at 55.





n314.  Solar Investment Tax Credit, Solar Energy Indus. Ass'n,
http://www.seia.org/cs/solar_policies/solar_investment_tax_credit (last visited
Sept. 22, 2010).





n315.  Id.





n316.  Id.





n317.  See id. at 184-85.





n318.  I.R.C. § 48(a)(2)(A)(i)-(ii), (a)(3)(A)(i)-(vii) (2009).





n319.  See id. § 48(a)(2)(A)(ii), (a)(3)(iii)-(vii).





n320.  See Moeller, supra note 17, at 86-89.





n321.  See generally Clean Energy Tax Incentives: The Effect of Short-Term
Extensions on Clean Energy Investment, Domestic Manufacturing, and Job Creation
Before S. Comm. on Fin. Subcomm. on Energy, Natural Res., & Infrastructure 112th
Cong. (2011) (statement of Molly Sherlock), available at
http://www.finance.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Testimony%20of%20Molly%20Sherlock.pd
f.





n322.  Solar Investment Tax Credit, supra note 314.





n323.  Herrick, supra note 25, at 101.





n324.  See, e.g., Michaela D. Platzer, Cong. Research Serv., 7-5700, U.S. Wind
Turbine Manufacturing: Federal Support for an Emerging Industry 28 (2011),
available at
http://www.scribd.com/doc/68803418/32/Figure-6-History-of-the-Production-Tax-Cre
dit.





n325.  I.R.C. § 45(a).





n326.  Hymel, supra note 303, at 56.





n327.  Moeller, supra note 17, at 90.





n328.  Id.





n329.  Id. at 91.





n330.  Id.





n331.  Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002, Pub. L. No.107-147, §
603(b), 116 Stat. 21 (2002).





n332.  Id.





n333.  Emergency Economic Stabilization - Energy Improvement and Extension - Tax
Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-343, §
101(a), 122 Stat. 3765 (2008); see generally Wind Energy for a New Era: An
Agenda for the New President and Congress, Am. Wind Energy Ass'n 8 (2008),
available at http://www.newwindagenda.org/ documents/Wind_Agenda_Report.pdf.





n334.  Pub. L. No 111-5, Div. B § 1101(a)(1).





n335.  I.R.C. § 45(d)(2)-(4), (6)-(7), (9), (11) (Supp. 2010).





n336.  Moeller, supra note 17, at 89.





n337.  Id.





n338.  Energy Incentives for Businesses in the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, IRS http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=209564,00.html
(last updated June 17, 2011) [hereinafter Energy Incentives for Businesses].





n339.  Hymel, supra note 303, at 75-76.





n340.  See generally, Mark Bolinger et al., PTC, ITC, or Cash Grant?: An
Analysis of the Choice Facing Renewable Power Projects in the United States
(Mar. 2009), available at http://eetd.lbl.gov/ea/emp/reports/lbnl-1642e.pdf.





n341.  President Obama Awards $ 2.3 Billion for New Clean-Tech Manufacturing
Jobs, The White House (Jan. 8, 2010),
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/president-obama-awards-23-billion-new
-clean-tech-manufacturing-jobs [hereinafter Obama Award].





n342.  Id.





n343.  American Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, §
1302, 123 Stat. 115, 345-48 (2009) (codified at I.R.C. § 48C (Supp. 2010)).





n344.  Obama Award, supra note 341.





n345.  Id.





n346.  Id.





n347.  I.R.C. § 48C(a).





n348.  Id. § 48C(c)(1)(A)(i)(I).





n349.  Id. § 48C(c)(1)(A)(i)(II)-(V), (VII).





n350.  Id. § 48C(d)(1)(B).





n351.  Id. § 48C(d)(2)(A).





n352.  Obama Award, supra note 341.





n353.  I.R.C. § 48C(d)(2)(B).





n354.  Id. § 48C(d)(2)(C).





n355.  Obama Award, supra note 341.





n356.  I.R.C. § 48C(d)(3)(A).





n357.  Id. § 48C(d)(3)(B).





n358.  U.S. Treasury Dep't, Payments for Specified Energy Property in Lieu of
Tax Credits Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 2 (2011),
available at http://www.ustreas.gov/recovery/dos/guidance.pdf.





n359.  Id.





n360.  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, §
1603(a), 123 Stat. 115, 364-66 (2009).





n361.  Id.





n362.  Id. § 1603(b).





n363.  Id. § 1603(b)(2)(A).





n364.  Id. § 1603(d)(1).





n365.  Id. § 1603(d)(1)-(4).





n366.  Id. § 1603(b), (d)(5)-(8).





n367.  U.S. Treasury Dep't, supra note 358, at 2-3.





n368.  Id. at 3.





n369.  Id.





n370.  Id.





n371.  Id.





n372.  Mona L. Hymel & Roberta F. Mann, Moonshine to Motorfuel: Tax Incentives
for Fuel Ethanol, 19 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 43, 43 (2008).





n373.  Id. at 44.





n374.  Id. at 45.





n375.  Id. at 47.





n376.  Id. at 47-48.





n377.  Renewable Fuels Ass'n, Federal Tax Incentives: VEETC, Ethanolrfa,
http://www.ethanolrfa.org/pages/federal-tax-incentives-veetc (last visited Feb.
22, 2012).





n378.  Id.





n379.  Id.





n380.  Id.





n381.  Id.





n382.  I.R.C. § 6426 (b)(2)(A) (2006).





n383.  Id. § 6426 (b)(2)(B).





n384.  Id.





n385.  Id.





n386.  Renewable Fuels Ass'n, Federal Tax Incentives: Small Ethanol Producer Tax
Credit, Ethanolrfa,
http://www.ethanolrfa.org/pages/federal-regulations-small-ethanol-producer-tax-c
redit (last visited Feb. 22, 2012).





n387.  Id.





n388.  I.R.C. § 40A(a).





n389.  Id. § 40A(b)(1)(A).





n390.  Id. § 40A(2)(A).





n391.  Id. § 40A(f).





n392.  Id. § 40A(b)(4).





n393.  Id. § 6426(d).





n394.  Id.





n395.  Tom Capehart, Cong. Research Serv., RL34130, Renewable Energy Policy in
the 2008 Farm Bill 4 (2008).





n396.  Id.





n397.  Id.





n398.  I.R.C. § 48C(a), (c)(1)(B).





n399.  Bolinger et al., supra note 340, at 4.





n400.  Id.





n401.  Id.





n402.  Id.





n403.  See id.





n404.  Id.





n405.  See id.





n406.  Id. at 10.





n407.  § 1102, 123 Stat. at 319-20.





n408.  Bolinger et al., supra note 340, at 10.





n409.  Id.





n410.  Id. at 10-11.





n411.  Id. at 11.





n412.  Id.





n413.  Id.





n414.  Id.





n415.  Id.





n416.  Id.





n417.  Id. at 12.





n418.  Id.





n419.  Id.





n420.  Id. at 3.





n421.  Id.





n422.  Energy Incentives for Businesses, supra note 338.





n423.  Bolinger et al., supra note 340, at 3.





n424.  Id.





n425.  Energy Incentives for Businesses, supra note 338.





n426.  Id.





n427.  I.R.C. § 45(d) (Supp. 2010).





n428.  Id. § 48.





n429.  Bolinger et al., supra note 340, at 3.





n430.  Fact Sheet: $ 2.3 Billion in New Clean Energy Manufacturing Tax Credits,
The White House (Jan. 8, 2010),
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/fact-sheet-23-bilion-new-clean
-energy-manufacturing-tax-credits [hereinafter Fact Sheet].





n431.  Id.





n432.  Id.





n433.  Federal Tax Incentives: VEETC, supra note 377; see also Federal Tax
Incentives: Small Ethanol Producer Tax Credit, supra note 386.





n434.  Fact Sheet, supra note 430.





n435.  Id.





n436.  Federal Tax Incentives: VEETC, supra note 377.





n437.  1603 Treasury Grant Program, Solar Energy Indus. Ass'n,
http://www.seia.org/ solar_policies_1603_treasury_program (last visited Feb. 22,
2012).





n438.  Id.





n439.  Am. Wind Energy Ass'n, supra note 333, at 8.





n440.  Id.





n441.  Id.





n442.  Id.





n443.  Legislative Affairs: American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Provides
Measures to Sustain and Expand Wind Energy Industry Growth, Am. Wind Energy
Ass'n, http://achive.awea.org/legislative/ (last visited Feb. 22, 2012).





n444.  Solar Energy Indus., Green Profile, 1,
http://greenjobs.workforce3one.org/view/2001022551212643721 (last visited Oct.
6, 2012).





n445.  Id.





n446.  Sherlock, supra note 308, at 9.





n447.  H.R. 4085, 111th Cong. § 1 (2009).





n448.  Id. § 2.





n449.  H.R. 435, 111th Cong. § 2 (2009).





n450.  H.R. 5252, 111th Cong. § 2 (2010).





n451.  1603 Treasury Grant Program, supra note 437.





n452.  S. 2899, 111th Cong. § 1 (2009).





n453.  Id. § 4.





n454.  Solar Manufacturing Jobs Creation Act, Solar Energy Indus. Ass'n, 1
(2010), http://www.seia.org/gallaries/pdf/MITC_09%2017%2010.pdf.





n455.  Id.





n456.  Id.





n457.  S. 3231, 111th Cong. §§2-3 (2010).





n458.  S. 3338, 111th Cong. § 2 (2010).





n459.  Id.





n460.  H.R. 4940, 111th Cong. §§1-2 (2010).





n461.  Federal Tax Incentives: Small Ethanol Producer Tax Credit, supra note
386.





n462.  H.R. 3187, 111th Cong.§§3-4 (2009).


                                3 of 5 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                 June 13, 2016

Capital: Brokers Digest

BYLINE: Compiled by Ben Shane Lim

LENGTH: 1542 words


Foreign equities

Ha Tien 1 Cement JSC

Target Price: VND30,800 HOLD

MAYBANK KIM ENG RESEARCH (JUNE 6): The upward cycle in construction is an
important domestic theme in Vietnamâ  s economy, which could attract attention
amid global uncertainties in the next few years. Following the turnaround in
FY14/FY15, HT1â  s EPS growth momentum will be slower, at 22.3% for FY16 and
11.6% for FY17. We initiate coverage on the stock with a â  holdâ  call with a
discounted cash flow target price of VND30,800 per share.

Upside may be capped as we think the lack of a timely expansion plan beyond
FY17, coupled with more competition in the long run, will prevent HT1 from fully
capitalising on rising demand.

HT1â  s 2015 cement sales volume growth of 17% y-o-y was higher than the
industryâ  s 8%. Signs of an even stronger upward cycle in south Vietnam, driven
by real estate market sentiment and strong infrastructure spending, led to our
22.3% FY16E EPS growth. As HT1 is reaching almost full capacity at this stage,
short-term expansion relies on leasing a new cement grinding station to meet the
rising demand. However, new capacity will likely have a lower margin.

China Mobile Ltd

Target price: HK$110 BUY

RHB RESEARCH INSTITUTE (JUNE 6): Due to its first-mover advantage, China Mobile
(CM) has built up a strong momentum in 4G. We expect its 4G penetration to rise
to 83% in FY18 from 38% last year. As 4G subscribers (subs) consume a few times
more data than 3G subs, we expect CM to record stronger data revenue growth.
This will lift average revenue per user to RMB66 in FY18F from RMB57.70 last
year.

Our discounted cash flow-derived target price also implies a five times forward
EV/Ebitda, one standard deviation above its three-year mean. CM is trading at
3.6 times forward EV/Ebitda (0.5 standard deviation below its three-year mean)
and close to its Hong Kong-listed peer average of 3.4 times.

We consider this unjustified, given its stronger 4G momentum, superior return on
equity and margins as well as its leadership position in the market.

We believe CMâ  s share price will rerate gradually. We expect its results this
year to show a clearer picture of benefits from 4G as the distortion from the
implementation of the one-month data rollover plan in 4Q15 will not be repeated
this year.

Digital China Holdings Ltd

Target price: HK$8.89 BUY

RHB RESEARCH INSTITUTE (JUNE 7): Last week, Digital China (DC) announced that it
will buy a property in Beijing for RMB630 million by issuing no more than 149.94
million consideration shares to the seller of the property, to be issued in two
allotments. The property comprises seven floors of Digital China Building at 16
Suzhou Street, Haidian District, Beijing. The propertyâ  s total area is around
12,621 sq m and the rental income was RMB29.67 million last year. The identity
of the seller was not disclosed.

We believe the purchase may be a defensive tactic taken against the potential
takeover by GRG Banking. Upon completion of the deal, GRGâ  s stake in DC will
drop to 9.75% from 11.08%. This would make GRG the second largest shareholder
while the seller of the property will hold 12.01% equity interest in DC and
become the largest shareholder.

We cut our SOP-based target price to HK$8.89 (from HK$10.14, 46% upside), mainly
on share dilution and maintain our â  buyâ  call as we think the ongoing fight
for control may help unleash DCâ  s value.

Concord New Energy Group Ltd

Target price: HK$0.70 BUY

UOB KAY HIAN RESEARCH (JUNE 7): Concord New Energy (CNE), formerly China Wind
Power, was previously an engineering procurement and construction (EPC) company.
From 2012/2013, after acquiring experience and strong cash flow from EPC
services, CNE started to transform into a wind and solar power utility company
and developed power generation plants independently. Last year, earnings
contribution from renewable power generation already accounted for two-thirds of
total Ebit.

We initiate coverage with a â  buyâ  call, given its fast capacity expansion of
26% CAGR and 30% earnings CAGR in 2016 to 2018, which should be among the top of
Hong Kong-listed peers. We also expect rerating opportunities with increasing
contribution from wind power generation, which enjoys a valuation premium
compared with its traditional EPC business.

We value the company using a discounted cash flow approach, based on weighted
average cost of capital of 10.7% (cost of debt: 6.5%, cost of equity of 13% due
to its smaller size; terminal growth: 1%). We have detailed cash flow
projections for 10 years. Our target price is HK$0.70, implying a 62.8% price
upside. CNE is trading at 0.5 times 2017F price-to-book value, much lower than
the 0.9 times for peers such as Longyuan Power and Huaneng Renewables.

Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd

Target price: HK$11.00 BUY

UOB KAY HIAN RESEARCH (JUNE 7): Guangzhou Automobile Group (GAC) posted in-line
May sales with wholesale shipments up 20% y-o-y to 135,389 units. Sales in 5M16
grew 29% y-o-y to 595,613 units, representing 39% of our assumed sales of 1.51
million units for full year 2016.

We keep our 2016 to 2018 net profit forecasts at RMB5.98 billion, RMB6.829
billion and RMB7.558 billion, respectively, in line with consensus. Risks to our
earnings estimates lie in the possible parts supply disruption for GAC Toyota
arising from a temporary suspension of operations at Toyotaâ  s Japan plants.

Upside risk comes from potential earnings contribution from GACâ  s joint
venture with BYD Auto Co Ltd, which involves the production of electric buses.
The joint venture targets to sell 700 to 800 electric buses in 2016 and 3,000
units in the long term, which we have not factored in.

Despite the 30% rally over the past three months, GAC now trades at 8.9 times
2016F earnings, still lower than its historical mean of 12 times. Maintain â
buyâ  and target price of HK$11, based on 10 times 2016F PER, a 20% discount to
its historical mean.

PT Astra Agro Lestari tbk

Target Price: IDR17,350 BUY

PHILLIP CAPITAL (JUNE 6): Fresh fruit bunch (FFB) production in 1Q16 dropped 16%
y-o-y to one million tonnes, the lowest level since 2010, mostly due to weather
conditions that disrupted productivity. FFB processed also dropped 13.9% y-o-y
to 1.55 million tonnes following lower third-party fruit purchases.

Crude palm oil (CPO) production was lower at 339,200 tonnes (-12.2% y-o-y) with
a 21.87% extraction rate, while palm kernel oil was 71,670 tonnes (-11.7% y-o-y)
with a 4.64% extraction rate. Both fruit and oil production were below 20% of
our full-year estimates. We continue to expect lower production in 2Q16 as the
impact of El NiÃ±o peaked.

We upgrade our December 2016 target price to IDR17,350, implying 19.4 times
earnings and 2.04 times book value ratios, to reflect a healthier balance sheet
and lower financial burden for the coming years. Lower fruit and oil production
and higher production cost are key risks to our valuation. A
higher-than-expected average selling price will provide good upside potential.
We maintain our CPO price assumption at RM2,500 per tonne (versus year to date:
RM2,540 per tonne).

PT Bank Negara Indonesia Persero Tbk

Target Price: IDR5,750 BUY

PHILLIP CAPITAL (JUNE 6): BNI booked net interest income growth of 13% y-o-y to
IDR6.9 trillion in 1Q16, 2% higher than our estimate. Net interest margin (NIM)
was 30 basis points (bps) lower at 6.1% (4Q15: 6.4%) due to 10bps lower asset
yield coupled with higher contribution from high-cost funds. On the other hand,
lower credit loans increased loan demand 21% y-o-y to IDR327 trillion.

Third-party funds also grew 22% y-o-y to IDR354 trillion with current account,
savings account remaining dominant at 60%, bringing the loan-to-deposit ratio
back up to 88% (4Q15: 87.8%).

We maintain our â  buyâ  rating and reduce our target price to IDR5,750 with
cost of equity of 10.4% and terminal growth of 1%, which implies a price-to-book
value of 1.21 times. We still expect significant net profit after tax growth in
1H16. Downside risks to our valuation include worsening asset quality,
lower-than-expected loan growth, and lower NIM. The current price-to-book level
of 1.15 times offers an attractive valuation.

Q&M Dental Group Singapore Ltd

Target Price: S$0.74 HOLD

CIMB RESEARCH (JUNE 7): On June 7, Q&M announced a proposal to acquire a 33%
stake in Shenzhen New Perfect Dental Research (SZNP) for a total consideration
of 66 million renminbi, all cash. The deal, with an implied forward PER of 13
times, comes with an annual profit guarantee for 12 years.

SZNP is a dental prosthetic devices provider, operating 16 dental laboratories
across 15 cities in China. The deal will add to Q&Mâ  s value chain and
complement its dental ceramics manufacturing business (Aidite).

The implied valuation of 13 times earnings is undemanding and in line with Q&Mâ
s historical transactions of 10 to 15 times.

We lift our FY17/FY18 EPS forecasts by 5% and our target price to 74 Singapore
cents (34.5 times CY17F earnings) but keep our â  holdâ  rating. Our target
multiple represents a premium to healthcare services peersâ   of 20 times, which
we think is fair given Q&Mâ  s dominant domestic position and growing overseas
presence, but at a slight discount to larger established hospital groupsâ   37
times.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 5 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 8, 1981, Sunday, Final Edition

Pages From Budget Director Stockman's 'Black Book'

SECTION: First Section; A15

LENGTH: 6845 words


Following are excerpts from the 145-page documents listing the Reagan
administration's contemplated spending cuts.In most cases the budget cutters
have set forth the rationales for their proposals and forecast the likely
reactions in Congress and among affected interest groups.  Listed cuts are from
the so-called current services budget, which sets forth what spending would be
in fiscal 1981 and 1982 under current law and economic assumptions, absent any
changes in policy.  All figures are in millions of dollars and in projected
outlays -- money the government is expected actually to spend.
Medicaid
                                                                   1981    1982
Current Estimate                                                 16,483  18,215
Proposed Savings                                                    100   1,013

Current Program: Medicaid is a program of grants to States to assist them in
providing medical insurance coverage to the poor.

Potential Change: The savings identified above could be achieved if an interim
cap were imposed on federal Medicaid spending while proposals for fundamental
program reforms are developed.  The cap would limit federal grants a level $100
million below the 1981 spending estimate, and allow a 5 percent increase in
1982, $1 billion below the current spending estimate.  After 1982, federal
spending would be allowed to rise only with inflation.  States would be given
additional flexibility to adjust payment rates for providers, to organize more
cost-effective systems of care, to change covered services, and to adjust
eligibility in order to live within their allocated share of the expenditure
cap.

Medicaid spending has risen faster than 15 percent annually over the last five
years.  Only capping federal payments can produce significant budget restraint
under present conditions.

The interim cap will allow each state to maintain its current real share of
total federal Medicaid spending.  The effects of the cap however, vary from
state to state, depending on projected rates of expansion and the methods
adopted to reduce program costs.  Based on current state projections for 1982,
all but 3 states will have reimbursements limited as a result of the cap. 1Nine
states now consume 55 percent of all federal Medicaid dollars.  New York and
California alone generate 27 percent of all federal Medicaid costs. yThe
increased state flexibility proposed . . . will enhance states' ability to
improve the cost-effectiveness of the program and to make appropriate
adjustments in eligibility.  Nevertheless, some states are likely to respond to
the cap by withdrawing needed services from the poor and by excessively
constraining payments to providers.

Probably Reactions: Most states will object strongly to imposition of a federal
cap on Medicaid, although welcoming the proposed increases in flexibility.  In
addition, provider groups, especially hospitals, may balk at limited payment
rate reductions stimulated by the cap.  These groups might add their voices to
the normal welfare constituency in the Congress.  In view of the current
inequities in the program, it will be important to emphasize that the cap is a
temporary measure while proposals for fundamental reforms are developed.
Disability Insurance
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                      125   600

Current Program: Disability Insurance (DI) benefits are paid to disabled workers
and their families.  The costs of disability insurance have grown by leaps and
bounds.

Potential Changes: (1) Improve administration to reduce payments to ineligibles
-- Unpublished Social Security Administration (SSA) Pilot quality Control
studies indicated a 15-20 percent DI error rate, with most of the misspent funds
going to individuals misclassified as disabled.

A top-flight management team, starting immediately and operating under current
laws, could produce sizeable savings starting in FY 82.

(2) Institute a "megacap" -- A megacap would limit related disability benefits
so that they do not exceed a worker's prior after-tax earned income.  The
rationale is simply that individuals should not receive more while disabled than
they were paid for working.  The largest federal program offsetting DI benefits
would be veterans compensation benefits.

Excluding veterans compensation benefits would markedly reduce the savings
associated with a megacap.

Excluding state worker's compensation or private disability insurance benefits
would also reduce the savings from a megacap.  Reducing DI benefits for private
insurance payments could be seen as taking private property from individuals who
chose to insure themselves.

Provide a stricter recency-of-work test: Workers who had social security covered
earnings up to 5 years ago but not since are eligible for social security
disability benefits.

Opponents to this change would make emotional appeals about vulnerable people
being excluded from benefits, such as the disabled, widows mothers and dependent
children.

Probable Reaction: Congress may be reluctant to again reform disability
insurance.  The 1980 DI reforms focused on eliminating excessive benefits for
the disabled.  Seeking major cuts in disability benefits might be viewed by
advocates as an assault on America's social insurance "safety net".
Social Security Student Benefits
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                      100   700

Current Program: Full time students age 18-21 are entitled to social security
benefits as dependents of retired, disabled or deceased workers.  Approximately
800,000 students now receive benefits from this program.  The average social
security student benefit is $255 per month and ranges from a low of $20 to a
high of $700.

Potential Changes: The students benefits program should end.  New recipients
should be prevented from entering the program, and existing recipients' benefits
should be reduced by 25 percent over the next four years.  Arguments for Ending
Program:

The benefit is inappropriate for the social security program -- Social security
protects against loss in income from risks (old age, disability and death) which
are beyond the worker's control.  Continuing the child's benefits past age 18
because of their choice to go to school should not be an insurable risk.

The benefit is poorly designed as educational assistance expenses.

Educational assistance is provided more equitably and efficiently under other
programs.

The social security trust system can no longer afford this drain on its funds.

Program participation rates and costs have exploded since 1965 enactment.

Probable Reactions: Recommendations by the Carter administration to reduce or
abolish these benefits have not even gained serious consideration on Capitol
Hill.  Service opposition by present and future beneficiary families, Social
Security advocacy groups and the higher educational establishment can be
anticipated.

The new Congress may be more responsive to trimming this program on merit
particularly when the savings are needed to maintain the overall soundness of
the social security system.
Minimum Social Security Benefits
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                     200  1,000

Current Program: A minimum initial benefit of $122 per month is given to social
security recipients who otherwise earned a lesser amount.

Potential Changes: Both GAO and various social security advisory councils
concluded that the minimum benefit has outlived its usefulness and generates
undesirable windfalls.  It was originaly adopted to assure that benefits paid to
retired workers were larger than welfare payments.

The original rationale for the minimum benefit makes no sense today.  The
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program, enacted in 1972 for the needy aged,
blind and disabled pays benefits which are about double the security minimum
benefit ($240/month).

Because SSI benefits would be increased by the amount social security benefits
were reduced, eliminating the minimum benefit would not affect truly needy
recipients.  Of the 3 million minimum beneficiaries, less than half would lose a
single dollar if the minimum benefit were eliminated.

According to GAO, 74 percent of minimum income recipients do not "depend
primarily" on social security benefits.  This includes 15 percent who have
federal government pensions averaging $900 per month and 10 percent whose
working spouse earn at least $14,000 per year.  Eliminating the minimum benefit
tends to even out the income distribution among retirees by reducing incomes
among the better-off without affecting incomes among the worst-off.

Probably Reactions: Doing away with the minimum benefit makes programmatic sense
and has been recommended by GAO.  However, those recipients who would lose a
portion of their income would lobby fiercely against minimum benefit
elimination.  Eliminating the minimum could be painted as a first toward
dismantling social security, resulting in heightened resistance to other social
security reforms.
Unemployment Insurance Extended Benefits
                                                                    1981   1982
Propsed Savings                                                      568  2,162

Current Program: The regular unemployment insurance system pays benefits for up
to 26 weeks (in most states) to experienced workers.  Up to 13 more weeks of
extended benefits become available ("trigger on") when either individual state
unemployment rates or the national rate exceed certain levels. iThe national
trigger has been on since summer 1980, and under current assumptions would
remain on through three quarters of FY 1982.

Potential Changes: (1) Eliminate the national extended benefit trigger.  When
the national insured unemployment rate (the ratio between unemployment claimants
and the number of workers covered under the program) exceeds 4.5 percent,
extended benefits become available to workers in all 50 states, regardless of
the unemployment rate in a particular state.  Eliminating the national trigger
would restrict extended benefits to states with high unemployment rates and
demonstrated need.

(2) Change the mehtod of calculating the trigger rate.

(3) Increase state trigger levels.  Currently a state must pay extended benefits
when its insured unemployment rate is at least 4 percent and at least 120 perent
of its experience in the prior two years.  A state, if it wishes, can pay them
when its insured unemployment rate exceeds 5 percent.  These limits could be
raised to 5 percent and 6 percent.

(4) Strengthen and enforce the work test.  Unemployment insurance recipients are
supposed to be available for and seeking work at all times.  However, state
enforcement of this requirement is very uneven.

Potential Reaction: The first three changes would require congressional action
on substantive legislation; the fourth would require appropriations action.
Lobbying against the proposals, particularly by organized labor, would be
intense.  Eliminating the national trigger and changing the trigger rate
calculation have been discussed on the Hill before and do enjoy support,
particularly in the Senate, which in the last session passed legislation
eliminating the national trigger.
Trade Adjustment Assistance
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                       -  1,000

Current Program: The Trade Adjustment Program pays benefits in addition to
unemployment insurance to workers when increases of imports "contribute
importantly" to their losing their jobs.  Benefits are liberal (70 percent of
prior gross earnings -- up to the average weekly manufacturing wage, now $269)
and extended to 52 weeks.  Workers over age 60 or in approved training can draw
26 additional weeks.  TAA was enacted to gain approval of a less restrictive
international trade policy by those concerned with the effect of imports on
jobs.

Potential Changes: Implement GAO recommendations to limit Taa to people who have
exhausted their unemployment insurance (UI) benefits; cap TAA benefits at UI
benefit levels; and limit the duration of TAA and UI benefits combined to 76
weeks.

Or, same as above, but limit duration to 52 weeks.  The hardship felt by workers
eligible for TAA is no worse than for other unemployed workers, who are not
subject to a 39-week benefit limit.  For those with permanent problems, 52 weeks
of TAA should provide sufficient time to get training, relocate, or find
adequate new jobs.

Potential Reaction: Organized labor, particularly the Steelworkers and the UAW,
will strongly oppose attempts to curtail TAA, particularly to reduce benefits
for current claimants.  Last year the House passed a bill expanding the TAA
program.  There is, however, considerable sentiment that something must be done
to control this program which has grown far beyond expectations.
Food Stamps
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                      --  2,600

Current Program: Food stamps subsidize the food purchases of low-income
households.  Each household meeting eligibility requirements -- an income test,
an asset test and a work requirement -- receives stamps redeemable for food
purchases.  Stamp allotments vary by household size and net income level.
fAllotments are annually indexed based upon changes in the Thrifty Food Plan,
USDA's lowest cost plan for a nutritionally adequate diet.

Potential Changes: Savings would be achieved by adopting the following package
of proposals:

Food stamp benefits would be reduced 35 cents rather than 30 cents for every
dollar earned and gross income limits would be set on eligibility.  Using gross
household income instead of net income improves the low-income targeting of the
program.  Participation would decline by 2 to 3 million persons from these
changes.

Liberalizing amendments scheduled to take effect in FY 1982 relating to
adjustments and deductions would be repealed.  Current recipients would not lose
any of their present benefits and no recipients would be dropped due to this
change.  Food allotments for families with school age children would be reduced
to take into account free school meals.  Approximately 43 percent of food stamp
households (3 million) would be affected.

Require income eligibility to be based on income in the prior quarter.

Probable Reaction: Enactment of the complete package is highly unlikely.  Repeal
of the scheduled 1982 liberalizations and increasing the benefit reduction rate
with gross income limits are the most likely.  Other proposals (school lunch
offset, and quarterly retrospective accounting) may be more difficult.
Aid to Families With Dependent Children
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                        -   671

Current Program: AFDC is often viewed as the primary federal welfare program
(although SSI spends as much, and food stamps 50 percent more, for the poor.)
AFDC is administered by the states with federal matching funds ranging from 50
percent to 83 percent.

Potential Changes: Advance payment of the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) --
which goes to families with low-income earnings -- would be assumed and counted
against a family's monthly AFDC payment.

The income of step-parents would be counted in determining a child's eligibility
and benefits for AFDC, in contract to current requirements which do not assume
any financial responsibility on behalf of step-parent.  This proposal would
eliminate the anomalous situation of a child being an integal part of a
household that should be expected to support her/him and at the same time being
a public charge.

States would be required to determine each month's AFDC benefits based on the
family's income and circumstances in the previous month.This would replace the
current prospective procedure of estimating future income and family
circumstances to calculate benefits, which can result in overpayments and
undetected ineligility.

Currently, an AFDC family's earned income may be offset by an unlimited amount
of reasonably attributed work-related expenses, including child care, in
determining AFDC benefits.  Standardizing disregards would encourage greater
economy by AFDC recipients in their work expenses, which could effectively
increase their income available for other expenditures ($86-plus million
savings).

AFDC payments below $10 per month would be prohibited.

Probable Reactions: The likelihood of congressional passage of AFDC items in
this package seems good, with leadership expected on most items from Senator
Long and the Senate Budget Committee.  Opposition from the welfare lobbies can
be expected on all AFDC items and, with regard to the retrospective reporting
requirements, will focus on up-front administrative costs associated with the
proposed change.
Health Planning
                                                                     1981  1982
Current Estimate                                                      172   184
Proposed Savings                                                      -20   -75

Current Program: The health planning program provides support for 213 local
health systems agencies (HSAS) and 57 state health planning and development
agencies (SHPDAS).  The program has a dual charge: to assure equal access to
quality medical care and to control costs; in practice, however, emphasis has
been toward cost containment.  The program's three primary methods of
controlling costs are: 1) certificate of need rreview for new facilities
construction or equipment purchase; 2) appropriateness review for existing
facilities, and 3) proposed utilization of federal funds review for federal
grant application.

Potential Change: This proposal would phase out federal support for the entire
planning program over the 1981-1983 period.  This policy action would be
consistent with a two-year administration timetable for development and
implementation of a pro-competitive bill for health financing reforms.

This proposal reflects three basic deficiencies of the current planning program:

Inappropriate regulation.  The health planning program is intended to restrain
costs by limiting the supply of facilities and services.  However, this approach
also inhibits market forces which are needed to strengthen competition and
provide less costly services.

Lack of effectiveness.  The planning program has functioned under serious
liabilities of attempting to impose a federal structure incompatible with many
state and local political processes and attempting to restrain costs without
altering the financing system which is the main contributor to excess costs.

Federal/state/local responsibilities.  The planning program is a highly visible
example of the federal government seeking to impose national program, in
exhaustive detail, on states and local areas.  Continued support for the current
planning program would thus appear to be a low priority in view of this
administration's approach to returning responsibilities to appropriate levels of
government.

Probable Reaction: Some dissatisfaction with the present planning program is
evidenced by the 15 percent reduction in 1981 funding for local health planning.
Nevertheless, absent a viable pro-competition alternative to cost containment,
the current planning/regulatory approach has continued to maintain support.  The
strongest opposition to elimination of this program will come from the local
health planning agencies and congressional supporters of a strenghened federal
role in health care regulation.  Some provider groups and Blue Cross, with
stakes in the present non-competitive system, as well as states, may also oppose
a complete end of funding.  Most providers, however, will probably support
program elimination.
Comprehensive Employment And Training Act
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                     946  3,708

Current Programs: Prior to 1973, a number of categorical, federally controlled
programs were authorized by the Manpower Development and Training Act (MOTA) and
the Economic Opportunity Act (EOA).  In 1973, CETA combined most of these
programs into a single block grant and transferred responsibility for their
administration to state and local governments.

Potential Change: The savings above reflect total elimination of CETA subsidies
for regular jobs in the public sector, by the end of FY 1981.  Because CETA
funds are available for obligation for two years and may be expended for up to
two years after the date of obligation, maximum savings in outlays in 1981 and
1982 require phasing out the program in 1981.

Probable Reaction: State and local governments can be expected to oppose
phase-out.  Termination will diminish services in most jurisdictions, and in
communities which engaged in heavy substitution, considerable problems could
result.  Organized labor can be expected to argue against any reduction, citing
PSE as a way to reduce the unemployment rate, preserve, and enhance job skills
provide valued output, and prevent a decline in public services.  Strong
opposition can be expected from minority groups since virtually all PSE
participants are disadvantaged and almost half are minorities.  Recycling some
of the PSE savings into training programs could ameliorate the criticism, but
would reduce overall savings.
Public Health Service Hospitals
                                                                     1981  1982
Current Estimate                                                      158   161
Proposed Savings                                                        -  -100

Current Program: The federal government operates a system of eight general
hospitals and clinics primarily to provide free medical care for merchant
seamen.

Potential Changes: This proposal would eliminate the merchant seamen
entitlement, the general hospitals and the clinic system on the following
grounds:

The merchant seamen entitlement to free medical care at public expenses is
inequitable and unwarranted.

Only 40 percent of the PHS system's patient care is now for primary
beneficiaries (merchant seamen).

Occupancy rates of the hospitals have been hovering at 60 percent since 1978
compared to national minimum standards of 80 percent occupancy.

All of the hospitals are located in overbedded areas; and

All affected cities have at least one other federal facility operating at less
than 80 percent occupancy to care for non-merchant seamen patient load entitled
to federal care.

Probable reaction: There will be strong reaction from members of Congress whose
constituency is affected by reduction of 5,000 federal jobs, but objection is
not likely from other areas.  Former Senator Magnuson and former Congressman
Murphy . . . were primarily responsible for continuance of the system.  The
remaining hospitals are in Seattle, San Francisco, Galventon (Nassau Bay), New
Orleans, Norfolk, Baltimore, Staten Island and Boston.
National Health Services Corps Scholarship, Placement Programs
                                                                     1981  1982
Current Estimate                                                      151   187
Proposed Savings                                                       -3   -14

Current Program: The NHSC provides federally employed physicians and other
professionals to areas clasified by HHS as health manpower shortage areas
(HMSAS).

Potential Change: This proposal would eliminate all new scholarship awards in
1981 and 1982 on the following grounds:

Rapidly diminishing access problems.  Currently available date indicate that
serious remaining problems of access to adequate primary care are rapidly being
reduced and will probably be virtually eliminated with the next few years.

In addition, recent data indicate that physicians in general, and primary care
physicians in particular, are voluntarily locating in smaller communities and
that specialists in rural areas spend 30 percent or more of their time on
primary care.

Costs -- Total program costs are very high.  Federal costs now average $100,000
per physician for each year of scholarship obligated service.  Alternative aid
program would be more cost effective.

Probable Reaction: This proposal has a very good chance of gaining support from
both Appropriations committees.  The House committee has been highly critical of
the NHSC placement process in recent years.  There has been a higher and higher
proportion of assignees placed with HHS grantees in urban areas as opposed to
rural areas where the eventual establishment of a private practice is more
likely.
National Endowment for Arts, Humanities
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                        -    39

*3* Arts

1981 1982

Proposed Savings - 46

Program: The National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the
Humanities were first authorized in 1965.  Most recently, the endowments were
reauthorized in December 1980 for a five-year period, through FY 1985.

Potential Change: Reduce the budget authority of the arts and humanities
endowments by 50 percent.  The proposed savings reflect a 50 percent reduction
in funding for arts and humanities programs beginning in Fiscal Year 1982.  From
Fiscal Year 1984 on for the arts and Fiscal Year 1985 on for the humanities, the
endowments would be held level at $100 million.

Reductions of this magnitude are premised on the notion that the administration
should completely revamp federal policy for arts and humanities support.  For
too long, the endowments have spread federal financing into an ever-wider range
of artistic and literary endeavor, promoting the notion that the federal
government should be the financial patron of first resort for both individuals
and institutions engaged in artistic and literary pursuits.  This policy has
resulted in a reduction in the historic role of private individual and corporate
philanthropic support in these key areas.  These reductions would be a first
step toward reversing this trend.

Moreover, even in those areas where federal financing does not wholly supplant
private philanthropic means of support, it constitutes a low priority item.
Given the need for fiscal retrenchment across the full range of human federal
programs that meet more basic human needs, low priority items must bear a
greater differential burden if fiscal restraint is to be achieved in a balanced
and compassionate way.

Probable Reaction: The arts and humanities endowments have broad and articulate
public constituencies, ranging from university presidents to museum directors to
individual artists and scholars.  In addition, most artistic and cultural
institutions maintain strong ties to business and corporations through honorary
appointments on boards of directors.  A proposal to halve the budgets of the
endowments could generate strong opposition.
Corporation for Public Broadcasting
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                        -    43

Program: The Corporation for Public Broadcasting is the primary vehicle for
providing federal financial assistance to the 217 radio and 170 television
stations that currently compose the non-commercial broadcasting system.
Potential Change: Sixty percent of CPB's budget is comprised of block grants to
local stations, [and] 24 percent of CPB's budget goes to national program
production.  The CPB board would have to decide how any cut would be distributed
among CPB activities.  If a 25 percent reduction in fiscal year 1982 was
directed primarily at administrative costs and national program production,
support to local stations could be held relatively constant.  Given the
necessity for funding restraint and the need to cut out low priority items in
the budget, a 25 percent cut is reasonable for 1982.  Additional reductions
would be made in 1983 and 1984 so that the funding for CPB would level out at
$100 million in 1985.

Potential Reaction: CPB support goes to 387 non-commercial radio and television
stations.  These will probably object to a reduction in CPB funding since their
non-federal support is barely keeping up with inflation.  In addition, public
broadcasting has millions of viewers, many of whom are articulate and
politically active.
Child Nutrition
                                                                   1982    1983
Proposed Savings                                                   -990  -1,200

Current Program: The child nutrition (CN) appropriation finances a variety of
programs: school lunches and breakfasts, child care meals, summer meals,
nutrition education, equipment assistance, and state administrative expenses.
The lunch, breakfast and child care programs subsidize all meals served, but the
subsidies vary in three tiers by household income level.

Restructure CN Subsidies: The Omnibus Reconciliation Bill made several changes
to CN meal subsidies -- some permanently, others only for FY 81.  The Carter FY
82 budget assumes that the FY 81 reductions will be made permanent.

Additional legislative savings that should be proposed are:

Reduce the base meal subsidy from an estimated 19.2 cents/meal to 9 cents in FY
82 and freeze it.

Reduce the commodity subsidy for all meals from 15.9 cents/meal to 8 cents in FY
82 and freeze it.

Reduce the special subsidy for students between 125 percent and 185 percent of
poverty by 25 percent (from 74 cents to 55 cents in FY 82).

Eliminate subsidies for snacks served in child care and summer meal programs.

Require schools to verify the income eligibility of students on a 10 percent
sample basis.

Eliminate meal subsidies to private schools where yearly tuition exceeds $1,500.

Probably Reactions: Outlook for continuation of the FY 81 Reconciliaion Act
reductions is good.  Further reductions will be difficult but not impossible to
achieve.

CN advocates have had strong bipartisan support in the House Education and Labor
Committee.  If other cuts are not sought in their areas of interest, agriculture
and education interest groups may coalesce to oppose these cuts.
Social/Community Services; Health Program Consolidation
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                      --  1,827

Current Program: The federal government finances a multitude of social and
community services and health programs.  These programs often serve narrow
target groups and finance duplicatory services (e.g., family planning is
financed by more than one HHS health program and in the Title XX social services
program).

Potential Change: The programs listed are potential candidates for consolidation
into one block grant to the states for 1982 and subsequent years, with funding
at 80 percent of the sum of 1981 current services amount for each program.

Probably Reactions: States will generally suport consolidation of several of
these programs but will oppose major reductions in total funding (in fact, they
will probably seek automatic indexing of federal funding -- some states may also
seek redistribution of funds among states).  Specific interest group (e.g.,
vocational rehabilitation), in addition to opposing the overall funding
reduction, will strongly oppose the discontinuance of specific funding for
services for themselves.  They will fear states will not give them the same
funding priority they have by having a separate categorical federal program.
Those receiving direct federal grants (e.g., localities, community action
agencies, community health centers, and other non-profit groups) will oppose
this proposal since they would fear that other entities might receive grand
funds that they themselves now have.  Hill reaction will be mixed given the
various committee jurisdictions covering the proposed programs to be
consolidated.
Elementary, Secondary Grants Consolidation
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                      --  1,258

The proposal is to consolidate the purpose of all or part of 57 separate federal
elementary and secondary education programs -- one third of all Education
Department programs -- into two "block grant" programs, which would be funded in
FY '82 at 80 percent of the level represented by the sum of the components in FY
'81.

Accompanying this consolidation, and offsetting the reduction in federal
funding, would be a great increase in state/local flexibility, with respect to
the uses of the federal funds, and slicing away of numerous regulations and
requirements that create costs for state and local education agencies.

In particular, it is planned to seek changes in the Education for Handicapped
Children Act (P.L. 94-142) and in Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973,
that would narrow the group of handicapped persons (with respect to whom federal
requirements are imposed and funds made available) to those with severe
disabilities and to limit the "related services" that must be provided.

Residual programs not included in either of the two block grants are of three
kinds:

1.  Several large programs are (e.g, Impact Aid, Vocational Education) where
separate legislative initiatives are planned.

2.  Programs and activities that are not suitable to inclusion in a state or
local block grant.  These include Indian education, assistance to the Virgin
Islands, evaluation activities, media services, "deaf-blind" centers,
educational research and dissemination, and the gathering of statistics.

3.  Programs and activities not fundamentally related to elementary and secondry
education, such as rehabilitation services and all the postsecondary programs.

Probably Reaction: This proposal sketches a nearly-complete overhaul of federal
elementary and secondary education policy.  It will be popular with many,
especially those who believe that the federal role is to supply resources, not
to specify what must be done with those resources.  It will also appeal to
school boards and others now laboring under the burden of detailed regulations,
service requirements, maintenance-of-effort clauses, and the like.

Disapproval can be expected from each separate group or interest that now has
one or more separate programs it identifies as "its own" and that under this
proposal would have to compete for resources with other groups at the state or
local level.  The proposal would be characterized by opponents at a backing-away
from the "historic" federal responsibility for assisting each group and meeting
each need separately.  Civil rights groups can also be expected to be
disquieted.

The reception will further be dampened by the reduction in aggregate funding for
a set of activities that have experienced little or no increase (hence a
decrease in real terms) in the past two years.

The proposal will also be analogical to President Nixon's 1973 proposal for
"special revenue sharing" in the field of education, which met a swift death in
the 93rd Congress, and to President Ford's 1976 consolidation proposal, which
fared no better.
Student Loans And Pell Grants
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                      -89  -914

Current Program: The Guaranteed Student Loan (GSLs) program facilities borrowing
from private lenders by graduate and undergraduate students (and their parents).

The National Direct Student Loan (NDSL) program provides participating
institutions with capital contributions for student loan funds which the
institution must match with 10 percent from non-federal funds.  These
institutional loan funds them make 4 percent loans to needy tested students.

The Pell Grant (formerly BEOG) program is authorized, under the new law, to
provide a maximum award of $1,900 in 1981 and $2,100 in 1982.  The percentage of
educational costs covered increases from 50 to 60 percent when the maximum award
reaches $2,100 in 1982.  the grant a student receives takes into account the
family income less specified deductions and a student's educational costs.

Potential Change:

Provide student GSLs only for need remaining after other sources of aid counted,
eliminate the in-school interest subsidy, and charge market rate on parent
loans.

Reduce the funding of NDSL Federal Capital Contributions by 25 percent per year.
This approach will phase-out new federal capital in this program in four years.
However, schools' revolving funds totaling approximately $3.5 billion would
continue to provide loans to eligible students.

Impose a $25,000 income limitation for participation in the Pell Grant
program.Limiting participation in this program to families with the median
national income or less (projected to 1981 this would be approximately $25,000)
would reduce the number of participants by an estimated 286,000 in both 1981 and
1982.

Probably Reaction: College costs are a major concern to middle-income families
who would react negatively to any reduction in federal support for higher
education.  Higher education institutions whose students receive substantial
amounts of federal student assistance benefits would also protest strongly.
Rural Electrification Administration
                                                                    1981   1982
Proposed Savings                                                     699  1,945

Current Program: The Rural Electrification Administration of USDA makes direct
and guaranteed loans to advance the construction and operation of electric and
telephone utilities in rural areas.  Direct loans are made on highly favorable
terms.  Since the mid-70s, the REA has increasingly relied on the Federal
Financing Bank as the originator of many of these guaranteed loans.

Potential Change: The savings projected above would result from a major
retrenchment in REA activity designed to (1) increase the reliance of REA
borrowers on private sources of capital and (2) focus REA activity on those
areas truly requiring federal support.

The changes are:

Effective April 1, 1981, stopping further FFB originations of REA guaranteed
loans.

Elimination of 2 percent loans for electrification and telephone construction
programs.

Elimination of all loans for power supply purchases.  The REA was intended to
facilitate utility construction, not to provide operating subsidies.

A 25 percent reduction in the principal amount of direct loans disbursed
annually.

This last proposal, as well as all the others, is based on the premise that the
REA has largely accomplished its purpose -- to provide the investment capital
necessary to construct electric and telephone infrastructure nationwide.  The
bulk of lending is now for power generation and system upgrading, functions that
should be borne by system users.

In the absence of restraint, REA would continue to expand the reliance of rural
utility companies on federally provided and sponsored credit.

Probable Reaction: The affected utilities, of course, will not be pleased to
have to bear financing costs more reasonably related to the true cost of funds.
The need for short-term rate hikes to support private borrowing market rates
will also offend customer of REA-financed utilities.  Congressional delegations
from the regions in which these utilities operate will be sensitive to these
concerns.
Export-Import Bank
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                      155   560

Current Program: The Export-Import Bank provides a wide range of credit support
activities on behalf of sales of American goods and services overseas.

Potential Change: The savings estimate . . . reflects three major changes in the
bank's level of operations:

A 25 percent reduction in new direct loan originations below levels planned for
the five-year period;

A prohibition against interest subsidies in guaranteed loan transactions.

Elimination of discount loans.

Probable Reaction: The Boeing Corp., which consumes the lion's share of the 42
percent of Export-Import Bank direct loans that support aircraft sales, might
lose sales in those instances (roughly 20-30 percent of Bank/Boeing activity)
where Boeing comes head to head with subsidized foreign producers.  Other major
bank users, among them many Business Roundtable members will be forced to find
buyers with access to private credit.  While the opinion of the business
community is divided on the Export-Import Bank due to the heavy emphasis it
places on overseas aircraft sales and construction projects, both present and
potential users would feel constrained to object strenuously.
Farmers Home Administration
                                                                     1981  1982
Proposed Savings                                                       30   105

Current Program: As the agency's title suggests, the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) was started as a means of providing credit assistance for family farm
operations and the construction of housing in rural areas, which were left after
the rash of bank failures in the early 1930s with severe credit shortages.

Since that time, FmHA has been expanded to the point where it duplicates
virtually every other federal lending and lending assistance effort.  Through
three major funds, the FmHA now makes loans for housing, community development,
farm operation, hospital construction, sewer and waste treatment facilities, ad
infinitum.  In FY 1981, in addition to far-flung loan guarantee operations, FmHA
will make $14 billion in direct loans from these three funds.

Proposed Changes: The savings estimates comtemplate a 25 percent
across-the-board reduction in new direct lending by the agency.

Probably Reaction: The FmHA is a favorite means of dispensing largest to
constituents in rural areas, and congressional offices are heavily involved in
the process of securing FmHA grants and loans for local farms, businesses and
government subdivisions.  While funding reductions would not prohibit
congressionally assisted grantsmanship, they would severely restrict its scope,
particularly if the reductions were achieved, as suggested above, the targeting
remaining funds to lowest-income borrowers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                                5 of 5 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 7, 2017

            Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc.

                             1100 West 116th Avenue
                               Westminster 80234
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Craig Station owners, regulators and environmental groups reach agreement on
proposed revisions to Colorado regional haze plan

   Sep 01, 2016

   The owners of the Craig Station power plant, including PacifiCorp, Platte
River Power Authority, Salt River Project, Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association and Public Service Company of Colorado, a subsidiary of Xcel Energy,
have reached an agreement with the Colorado Department of Public Health and
Environment, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, WildEarth Guardians and the
National Parks Conservation Association to revise the Colorado Visibility and
Regional Haze State Implementation Plan (SIP).Under the proposed revision to the
SIP, the 427-megawatt Craig Station Unit 1, which is part of a three-unit
generating facility in Craig, Colorado, will be retired by Dec. 31, 2025. The
unit will have more stringent limits on annual emissions beginning in 2020.The
agreement affects Unit 1 at Craig Station. Craig Station Unit 2 and Unit 3 will
continue to operate and will have emissions controls in place to meet SIP
requirements. The SIP approved in 2014 required significant nitrogen oxides
(NOx) emissions reductions for Craig Station Unit 1 by August 2021. The owners
reviewed several compliance options to meet the new standard, including
installing additional emissions controls and switching fuels. The owners
ultimately decided to seek an extension to the compliance deadline and unit
retirement, rather than installing emissions controls. The decision to propose
revising the SIP is driven by the state and federal regulatory environment for
coal-based generation, current and forecasted market conditions, the significant
costs to install additional emissions controls and the best interests of
electric consumers. &ldquoTri-State has worked tirelessly to preserve our
ability to responsibly use coal to produce reliable and affordable power, which
makes the decision to retire a coal-fired generating unit all the more
difficult,&rdquosaid Mike McInnes, CEO of Tri-State. &ldquoWe are not immune to
the challenges that face coal-based electricity across the country.&rdquo
&ldquoPlatte River continues to focus on diversifying our resource portfolio as
part of our board-adopted Strategic Plan,&rdquosaid Platte River Power Authority
General Manager/CEO Jason Frisbie. &ldquoThis agreement is an important step in
that plan. The Yampa Project partnership is composed of electric utilities
throughout the western region, and like Platte River all of our partners face
challenges associated with balancing their future resource portfolios.
Decommissioning a facility is a complex and impactful decision, and we
appreciate Tri-State&rsquos leadership as we work through this process.&rdquo
&ldquoWe support this outcome and appreciate all of the parties coming together
to reach an agreement that aligns with our commitment to the environment and to
our customers,&rdquosaid Cindy A. Crane, president and CEO of Rocky Mountain
Power, which serves PacifiCorp&rsquos customers in Utah, Wyoming and Idaho.
"Xcel Energy agreed with this approach. We appreciate Tri-State&#39s leadership
as operator of the Craig Station and the work done by the joint owners to reach
this outcome," said David Eves, president, Xcel Energy - Colorado. As the
operator of Craig Station, Tri-State will work with local officials and the
State of Colorado to develop a transition team for those impacted by the
retirement. &ldquoWe are part of this rural community and understand the
retirement of Craig Station Unit 1 will affect our employees, their families,
their communities and their very way of life,&rdquosaid McInnes. &ldquoWe feel a
strong responsibility to provide ample time for our employees and the community
to plan for the future, which this agreement allows.&rdquo Under the federal
regional haze regulations, the State of Colorado develops and implements a SIP
to address visibility in national parks and wilderness areas. Colorado&rsquos
plan requires reductions of NOx&nbspemissions from generation sources. Several
procedural steps are required to implement the terms of the agreement, including
approval by the Colorado Air Quality Control Commission and the EPA. The
retirement will result in carbon dioxide emission reductions that the State of
Colorado has set a goal to achieve and will help meet other proposed federal
requirements. Tri-State has operated the unit in compliance with stringent
environmental requirements and is proud of its environmental record.
Approximately 283 people work at the three-unit, 1,303-megawatt Craig Station.
Craig Station Units 1 and 2 make up the Yampa Project, owned by PacifiCorp,
Platte River Power Authority, Salt River Project, Tri-State and Public Service
Company of Colorado. Tri-State is the sole owner of Unit 3. Construction of
Craig Station&rsquos Unit 1 was completed in 1980.


Torino Power Solutions Enters Into Testing Agreement With Tri-State G&T, Denver,
Colorado

   Jun 14, 2016

   Torino Power Solutions Inc. is pleased to announce that Torino has entered
into a letter agreement with Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association,
Inc. ("Tri-State"), for testing its Dynamic Thermal Circuit Rating (DTCR)
technology. Under the agreement, Tri-State will install Torino's temperature
monitoring sensor on a Tri-State-owned energized line in Colorado for a period
of one year.Torino's patented, wireless monitoring system supports the use of
Dynamic Thermal Circuit Rating (DTCR) technology on congested and
remotely-located high-voltage power lines operated by electric utilities. The
Torino system provides real-time temperature data and other vital information to
utilities that helps them save money on maintenance and maximize the capacity of
their transmission systems. Through the use of DTCR technology, transmission
capacity can be increased by up to 30% with corresponding increases in revenue
to the utility. Torino sensors are extremely durable, do not require a power
source and are easy to install on live (energized) power lines.Tri-State is a
not-for-profit wholesale power supplier to 44 member electric distribution
cooperatives and public power districts that collectively serve 1.5 million
consumers across 200,000 square miles of service territory in Colorado,
Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. Suresh Singh, President of Torino commented,
"Working with Tri-State is a wonderful opportunity for Torino Power Solutions to
optimize our power line monitoring system as we begin to commercialize our
technology." Rav Mlait, CEO of Torino commented, "The first installation of our
high voltage dynamic rating system technology in Colorado is a tremendous
milestone for Torino Power Solutions, many years of technological development
and innovation have led to this. Torino is very pleased to be working with
Tri-State Generation and Transmission."


BLM Releases Draft EA on Montrose-Nucla-Cahone Transmission Project

   Nov 06, 2015

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., a wholesale power
supplier owned by 44 member electric cooperatives and public power districts,
said that it is encouraging the public to review a recently-released federal
environmental analysis of the proposed Montrose-Nucla-Cahone (MNC) Transmission
Upgrade Project. The company is also urging interested stakeholders to take
advantage of a 30-day public comment period by expressing support for the
utility's preferred alternative for rebuilding the transmission line.Tri-State
is proposing to rebuild and increase the capacity of the 80-mile MNC line that
serves communities across southwestern Colorado, not only to replace aging
infrastructure and increase grid reliability, but also to help meet new
electricity demand. The existing 115 kilovolt (kV) line, in place for almost 60
years, will be replaced by a new 230 kV line and supported by a new substation
and upgrades at two existing substations. The project will also replace fiber
optic cable that is located on the existing line to ensure continued reliable
emergency communications and broadband service for the region. According to
Tri-State Senior Vice President of Transmission Joel Bladow, the new line will
benefit Tri-State's members and the communities they serve. "Tri-State studied
multiple ways to address the aging infrastructure, improve reliability and meet
significant new demand in the region, and we determined that the MNC project was
the best option," said Bladow. "The upgraded line will help us meet the needs of
our members for years to come." Because the existing line crosses lands managed
by the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management (BLM), the MNC project
requires the completion of an Environmental Assessment (EA). On Nov. 3, the BLM
released a draft EA, triggering a 30-day public comment period (running through
Dec. 3) that provides opportunities for stakeholders to provide feedback on the
proposed alternatives and project benefits. The draft EA identifies three
construction alternatives. Under "Alternative A," Tri-State's preferred option,
the utility would rebuild the line largely within the existing transmission line
corridor - with the exception of diverting the current crossing of the Dolores
River in western Dolores County to a new location approximately one mile
downstream. The re-route is proposed to address safety, access and erosion
concerns. Bladow explained that the new crossing point would be more accessible,
making it safer for construction and maintenance workers. "Safety is a top
priority at Tri-State, but the existing span across the Dolores River creates
real challenges for our maintenance staff. The northern takeoff point is located
on steep, narrow, rocky terrain that is extremely difficult to access with
vehicles and equipment for needed maintenance," he said. "We are hopeful the
BLM, Forest Service and other stakeholders will recognize that our proposed
alternative offers a safer and more desirable location and will reduce erosion
concerns by removing the current alignment from highly erosive soils." The other
alternatives in the draft EA involve taking no action at all to improve the
existing line - which would lead to further deterioration of the critical
infrastructure, increase risk for electrical outages and threaten future service
capacity - and diverting the existing corridor to accommodate a remnant
population of Gunnison sage-grouse in the Dry Creek Basin in central San Miguel
County. The BLM has proposed relocating 7.6 miles of line from its current route
through the basin to a new alignment located along State Highway 141the
relocation would create an additional 1.3 miles of disturbance through Gunnison
sage-grouse critical habitat.


Tri-State files legal challenge on Clean Power Plan

   Oct 23, 2015

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. filed a legal
challenge to the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Clean Power Plan by
filing a Petition for Review with the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Tri-State, the wholesale power supplier to 44
member electric cooperatives and public power districts across the West, is also
participating in motions for stay of the rule filed by a large group of states,
trade organizations, utilities, energy producers and business interests."Even as
Tri-State works constructively with the states to develop state plans under the
new rule, strong arguments exist to show EPA exceeded its legal authority and
many of the requirements of the rule are legally flawed." During the federal
rulemaking process, Tri-State and many of its member systems raised legal and
technical issues about the proposal and expressed concerns the rule would be
unworkable and unenforceable. The EPA did little to address these concerns and
issued a final rule, which prompted the legal challenge. "Tri-State appreciates
the efforts of attorneys general across the country who have asked to stay
implementation of the rule until all of the legal issues are resolved." A stay
of the rule is warranted because of the irreparable harm that will occur long
before the compliance obligations go into effect. Utilities are often required
to comply with a rule and forced to make long-term decisions well before the
legal process concludes. While pursuing legal challenges to the federal rule,
Tri-State is also committed to working with officials in the five states in
which it operates to develop required state plans and minimize the impact these
state plans have on its members and rural electricity consumers. Tri-State
addresses carbon emissions by maintaining highly efficient power plants,
investing in renewable energy and supporting research and development. In 2014,
24 percent of the energy delivered by Tri-State and its member systems was from
renewable resources, and the association's renewable power supply will grow by
another 281 megawatts with the completion of four wind and solar projects by
2017. Tri-State also supports progressive energy efficiency programs offered by
its member systems. In addition to Tri-State's renewable energy resources and
energy efficiency programs, fossil fuel resources remain essential to serve
load, maintain reliability and manage power costs for its members.


Tri-State Announces 25-Megawatt Alta Luna Solar Project

   Oct 12, 2015

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., a wholesale power
supplier owned by 44 member electric cooperatives and public power districts,
and D. E. Shaw Renewable Investments, L.L.C. (DESRI), today announced the
execution of a 25-year contract to supply the utility with renewable energy from
the planned Alta Luna Solar Project to be constructed in Luna County in
southwest New Mexico.Tri-State will purchase the entire output of the
25-megawatt (MW) solar farm over the life of the contract. The facility is
expected to come online in December 2016 and will receive electric service from
Columbus Electric, a Tri-State member system serving approximately 3,000 members
and over 6,800 meters from its headquarters in Deming, N.M."Alta Luna Solar is
the third utility-scale renewable energy project we've announced this year and
further demonstrates how Tri-State and its members are committed to a diverse
yet cost-effective generation fleet," said Brad Nebergall, Tri-State's senior
vice president of energy management. "As with the other projects, Alta Luna
represents a collaborative effort to find solutions to the various challenges
that new generation presents - from siting and engineering to transmission
access and financing. We are very thankful to our partners for their cooperation
and shared vision in this effort." Chris Martinez, executive vice president &
general manager of Columbus Electric Cooperative, noted that the project is a
point of pride for southwest New Mexico. "The addition of Alta Luna Solar allows
cooperative member-owners to harness a vital New Mexico resource - the sun - for
generating affordable, renewable power for the communities in this part of the
state. We are pleased to be contributing to this important initiative." The Alta
Luna Solar Project is expected to consist of a single-axis tracking array of
over 108,000 photovoltaic solar panels located on a 220-acre site in Luna
County, approximately 25 miles northeast of Deming. The project was developed by
TurningPoint Energy, a Denver-based energy developer, and subsequently sold to
an affiliate of DESRI in partnership with Bright Plain Renewable Energy, LLC, a
San Francisco based solar project developer, investor and operator. "Alta Luna
Solar was a very complex solar project that came together due to innovation,
collaboration and leadership of our collective team, including Tri-State,
Columbus Electric, Luna County, Bright Plain Renewable Energy, D.E. Shaw and my
co-development partners at Solar Prime," said Jared Schoch, principal and
founder of TurningPoint Energy. "I want to especially highlight Luna County,
which is a collaborative, pro-business, pro-renewable energy generation county."
"We are pleased to be working with Tri-State and our other valued partners to
provide renewable energy services to the residents of New Mexico," said Bryan
Martin, a managing director and head of U.S. Private Equity for the D. E. Shaw
group. "By transforming the state's vast solar resources into a clean, reliable
source of energy, Alta Luna Solar is an important step as we build a bright and
sustainable future together." The Alta Luna Solar Project is Tri-State's second
utility-scale solar photovoltaic power purchase agreement in New Mexico and the
third in its system overallin 2010 the utility began receiving power from the
30-MW Cimarron Solar facility located in Colfax County, N.M., and last month
Tri-State announced an agreement to purchase power from the 30-MW San Isabel
Solar Project to be constructed in southern Colorado. In 2014, 24 percent of the
energy Tri-State and its member systems delivered to cooperative members was
generated from renewable resources - one of the top ratios among electric
utilities nationwide.


Tri-State and juwi Announce Power Purchase Agreement for 30 Megawatt Solar
Energy Project

   Sep 01, 2015

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., a wholesale power
supplier owned by 44 member electric cooperatives and public power districts,
and juwi Inc., a Colorado-based renewable energy company, today announced a
25-year contract to supply the utility with renewable energy from the planned
San Isabel Solar Project to be constructed in southern Colorado.Tri-State will
purchase the entire output of the 30-megawatt (MW) solar farm over the life of
the contract. The facility is expected to come online in the 4th quarter of
2016.The San Isabel Solar Project will consist of more than 100,000 photovoltaic
solar panels resting on 250 acres of land in Las Animas County, located
approximately 20 miles north of Trinidad, Colorado. The project lies within the
service territory of San Isabel Electric Association (SIEA), a Tri-State member
system serving nearly 19,000 members and 24,000 meters in all or parts of seven
counties in southern Colorado. Like Tri-State, SIEA is a not-for-profit,
member-owned rural electric cooperative. SIEA general manager Reg Rudolph
commented on the project, "San Isabel Electric is very excited to work with juwi
and Tri-State and honored they have selected our area for this solar farm.
Southern Colorado is known for its energy development, and this project further
develops renewable energy as a resource to serve our members. This project shows
SIEA's and Tri-State's commitment to renewable energy and will also be a very
positive development for the southern Colorado economy." This is the second
renewable energy purchase agreement for Tri-State this year, following the June
announcement of the 76-MW Twin Buttes II Wind Project south of Lamar, Colorado.
In 2014, 24 percent of the energy Tri-State and its member systems delivered to
cooperative members was generated from renewable resources - one of the top
ratios among electric utilities nationwide. In February, the U.S. Department of
Energy recognized Tri-State and SIEA as the 2014 Wind Cooperatives of the Year
in the generation and transmission cooperative and the distribution cooperative
categories, respectively. "We have taken a steady, deliberate approach to
integrating renewable resources, and it has paid off over time as we continue to
build a generation fleet that remains cost-effective for our member systems,"
said Brad Nebergall, Tri-State's senior vice president of energy management.
"The San Isabel Solar Project is rewarding because it represents a true
partnership among Tri-State, SIEA and an innovative developer like juwi." "We
are pleased to have developed San Isabel Solar in our home state of Colorado and
are excited to now focus on our core business of building and operating the
facility for many years to come," said Michael Martin, juwi's president and
chief executive officer. "We appreciate the ongoing collaborative efforts of
Tri-State, SIEA, Las Animas County, the landowners and other partners, which
will enable us to supplement the current use of the rangeland property by
building a power plant that will generate low-cost, clean energy for the
region." The San Isabel Solar Project is Tri-State's first utility-scale solar
photovoltaic power purchase agreement in Colorado and the second in its resource
portfolio. In 2010, Tri-State began receiving power from the 30-megawatt
Cimarron Solar project in northern New Mexico.


Iberdrola Renewables Announces Wind Power Agreement with Tri-State Generation
and Transmission Association

   Jun 11, 2015

   Iberdrola Renewables announced a 25-year contract to supply Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State) -- a wholesale
electric power supplier owned by 44 electric cooperatives and public power
districts across Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming -- with renewable
energy from the planned Twin Buttes II Wind Project.Tri-State will purchase the
entire output of the 76-megawatt (MW) wind farm, when the project is expected to
be completed in 2017.The Twin Buttes II project will consist of 38 wind turbines
located on 11,000 acres of land 23 miles south of Lamar, Colorado, near
Iberdrola Renewables' existing Twin Buttes Wind Project. The new project will
produce enough energy to power the approximate equivalent of 30,000 average
Colorado households. It is expected to deliver approximately $270,000 in local
tax benefits and $250,000 in landowner lease payments annually. "In 2014,
approximately 24 percent of the energy Tri-State and its member systems
delivered to cooperative members was generated from renewable resources, making
us one of the leading utilities in the country for using renewable power," noted
Brad Nebergall, Tri-State's senior vice president of energy management. "The
Twin Buttes II Wind Project further reinforces our commitment to a diverse
generation fleet built on cost-effective resources. We'd like to thank our
partners at Iberdrola Renewables and our member system Southeast Colorado Power
Association, who will host this outstanding project in their service territory."
"Southeast Colorado Power welcomes this expansion as positive economic
development and power source diversification that will benefit member-owners
within our service territory," added Jack Johnston, the rural electric
cooperative's chief executive officer. "We're excited to welcome this investment
in our community," said Ron Cook, the Chairman of the Prowers County Commission.
"Renewable energy has already proven to be a good neighbor, by providing
substantial local economic benefits to the individual leaseholders and the
larger community as a whole. It diversifies and strengthens the area's
agricultural economic base." "Wind is the most drought-resistant crop we have,
and it's delivered valuable economic stability to a number of family farmers and
ranchers in the area," said Val Emick, a landowner at Twin Buttes II and the
operating Colorado Green wind farm. "Working with an experienced developer and
operator like Iberdrola Renewables gives us a lot of confidence that Twin Buttes
II will expand a successful partnership and help a lot of working families
around here." "We are happy to support Tri-State's renewable energy goals with
affordable wind energy from our new project," said Barrett Stambler, vice
president of Iberdrola Renewables. "With experience developing, constructing,
and managing wind and solar projects in Colorado, we look forward to reliably
providing clean power and supporting a new partnership with them." Based in the
Denver suburb of Westminster, Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association
is a not-for-profit wholesale power supplier to 44 electric cooperatives and
public power districts serving approximately 1.5 million consumers throughout a
200,000 square-mile service territory across Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and
Wyoming. In 2015, Tri-State was recognized by the U.S. Department of Energy as
Wind Cooperative of the Year.


Tri-State board officers elected following 2015 Annual Meeting

   Apr 16, 2015

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, the not-for-profit
wholesale power supplier to 44 member electric distribution cooperatives and
public power districts in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming, held its
63rd annual meeting in Broomfield, Colo., on April 8, 2015. Approximately 480
electric cooperative representatives and industry officials attended the meeting
to review the association's performance an d discuss the issues facing the
electric utility industry.Board elects officers At the meeting, the
association's board of directors was seated for the upcoming year, including the
six officers and three at-large positions that make up the board's Executive
Committee. Under the cooperative business model, Tri-State's board is made up of
one representative from each of its member systems, serving as the
democratically-elected governing body of the association. Rick Gordon,
representing Tri-State member co-op Mountain View Electric Association (Limon,
Colo.), was reelected chairman for a sixth consecutive term. Gordon originally
joined Tri-State's board in 1994 and served as vice chairman for 13 years prior
to first being elected chairman in 2010. He has served on Mountain View's board
since 1992. Tony Casados, representing Northern Rio Arriba Electric Cooperative
(Chama, N.M.), also was reelected vice chairman for a sixth term, after having
served as an assistant secretary for nine years previous. Casados has served on
his local co-op's board since 1982 and has been on the Tri-State board since
2000. Leo Brekel, representing Highline Electric Association (Holyoke, Colo.)
since 2003 was reelected to the position of secretary. Stuart Morgan, who has
represented Wheat Belt Public Power District (Sidney, Neb.) on the Tri-State
board since 2007, was reelected treasurer - a position he first assumed in 2012.
Matt Brown, who has represented High Plains Power (Riverton, Wyo.) on the
Tri-State board since 2010, was reelected to the assistant secretary position
for his third term. Julie Kilty, who has represented Wyrulec Company
(Torrington, Wyo.) on the Tri-State board since 2012, was elected to the second
assistant secretary position for her first term. The Executive Committee's three
at-large positions are being filled by incumbents Joe Wheeling, representing La
Plata Electric (Durango, Colo.) and Bill Mollenkopf representing Empire Electric
Association (Cortez, Colo.), and newly elected member Joseph Herrera
representing Socorro Electric Cooperative (Socorro, N.M.). Member relations
addressed in 2014 The association's annual meeting and annual report was themed
"Powering Forward Together" which highlighted the board and staff's efforts
during the past year to improve communications and strengthen the bond between
the association and its 44 member systems. Tri-State Chairman and President Rick
Gordon recognized the association's membership for their work to improve member
relations and spoke to Tri-State's financial strength. "A key focus of the board
during the past year has been to improve relations and address disputes within
the membership, and we made progress on that goal," said Gordon. "The
association remained financially sound in 2014 and returned $21 million in
patronage capital to the member systems." Chief Executive Officer Mike McInnes
commented on Tri-State's operational performance. "The association experienced
growth in 2014, particularly in the oil and gas basins served by several of our
member systems," said McInnes. "Staff delivered new transmission projects to
meet the growing needs of our membership, ensured the performance and
availability of our power plants and bolstered our ability to manage our power
and fuel transactions. In all efforts, attention to cost control remains
important to our work." The association highlighted its work in 2014 to bolster
member relations among its 44 member systems, including the board's adoption of
two dispute resolution policies, the work of two membership committees to
address contract and rate issues, and the activity of member advisory councils.
"Our whole focus is membership driven," said Jennifer Goss, senior vice
president, member relations. "We continue to work together to build trust and to
collaborate on the issues and services that each member values." Renewable
energy production sets record The association's generation from renewable
resources reached a new record, with 24 percent of the energy the association
and its member systems delivered to cooperative members in 2014 coming from
renewable resources. Overall, Tri-State delivered 15.4 million megawatt-hours of
electricity to its members in 2014, while recording a member peak demand of
2,813 megawatts. Combined with off-system energy sales, the G&T sold 18.7
million megawatt-hours for the year. In 2014, the U.S. Department of Energy
(DOE) recognized Tri-State as the 2014 Wind Cooperative of the Year in the
generation and transmission (G&T) cooperative category. Tri-State member San
Isabel Electric Association, Inc. (SIEA), based in Pueblo West, Colo., was
honored for wind energy development by a distribution cooperative. "Tri-State
continues to effectively add new renewable resources to its portfolio," said
Brad Nebergall, senior vice president, energy management. "With 24 percent
renewable energy delivered to end users, Tri-State and our members are among the
highest utility renewable performers in the U.S." Refinancing among largest for
a U.S. electric cooperative At the annual meeting, Chief Financial Officer Pat
Bridges reviewed Tri-State's $1.6 billion refinancing in November 2014, which
was among the largest completed by an electric cooperative in U.S. history. The
transactions included a $750-million private debt placement, a $500-million
public bond offering and $340 million in loans with CoBank and the National
Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC). As part of the
refinancing, Tri-State paid off its Federal Financing Bank (FFB) and Rural
Utilities Service (RUS) loans. "Generation and transmission cooperatives are
capital intensive businesses," said Bridges. "With favorable market conditions
and a strong balance sheet, Tri-State's refinancing reduces capital costs,
increases financial flexibility and lessens future borrowing needs, which helps
manage costs to the benefit of our members." The association posted year-end
revenues of $1.4 billion and assets of $4.7 billion.


Energy Department Names Two Colorado-based Electric Cooperatives as Wind
Cooperatives of the Year for 2014

   Feb 26, 2015

   The Energy Department and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association
(NRECA) recognized the Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association
(Tri-State) and San Isabel Electric Association (San Isabel) of Colorado as the
2014 WINDExchange Wind Cooperatives of the Year.The awards were presented at the
NRECA TechAdvantage Conference and Expo in Orlando, Florida, to honor electric
cooperatives that demonstrate outstanding leadership in advancing U.S. wind
power.The two power providers were selected by a panel of judges from industry,
government, and national laboratories and were evaluated for their corporate
leadership, project innovation, and benefits to customers. Since 1998, Tri-State
has integrated wind energy into the electricity it supplies to its 44 member
distribution cooperatives, serving more than 1.5 million consumers across
200,000 square miles in four states. With over 140 megawatts (MW) of wind
capacity online, and more under construction, Tri-State is using long-term
purchases of new wind energy production to provide affordable electricity to its
member cooperatives. Further, Tri-State has taken steps to help each of its
member cooperatives diversify their energy portfolios in response to customer
demand through a renewable energy incentive program. One of Tri-State's members,
San Isabel, is also leading the way with wind energy deployment. Conveniently
located near some of Colorado's strongest wind resources, in 2004 San Isabel
took steps to make wind energy a part of its clean energy mix. With its first
fully operational 8-MW wind farm online since 2013, San Isabel is already able
to produce more than five percent of the electricity for its 23,000 consumers
from wind power, making it the largest community-owned, distributed generation
wind facility in the region. San Isabel, in collaboration with Tri-State and the
Electric Power Research Institute, is also currently implementing a pilot
program to store excess wind energy as hot water for household use. Together,
Tri-State and San Isabel are expanding the use of low-cost wind energy,
supporting job creation and economic development within their service
territories though construction of new wind facilities, and helping expand the
deployment of wind power across the United States. While supporting over 50,000
jobs across the country and providing cost-competitive, clean energy to cities
and communities, wind power helps to eliminate more than 115 million metric tons
of carbon dioxide emissions each year, equivalent to removing 20 million cars
from our roads. The Energy Department's Office of Energy Efficiency and
Renewable Energy (EERE) accelerates development and deployment of energy
efficiency and renewable energy technologies and market-based solutions that
strengthen U.S. energy security, environmental quality, and economic vitality.
To learn more about EERE's Wind Program, including breaking news, research and
development, and financial opportunities, please visit the Wind Program website.



Emerson awarded $15 million contract to modernize controls at Colorado's
second-largest power plant

   Apr 07, 2014

   Emerson Process Management has been awarded a $15 million contract to
engineer and install its Ovation control system at Craig Station, the
second-largest power generating facility in Colorado. The three-unit, 1,311-MW
plant is an important regional baseload resource that is operated by Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association, a wholesale electric power supplier
serving 44 electric cooperatives with approximately 1.5 million consumers in
Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming."This plant plays a critical role in
satisfying the region's demand for affordable and reliable electricity," said
Barry Ingold, Acting Senior Vice President of Production, Tri-State. "For such
an important project, we considered a number of factors. Ultimately, our
selection of Emerson was based on the company's reputation in the industry and
our own experience utilizing their control technology at our Nucla and Escalante
power plants, along with the depth of their cyber security offering."An Ovation
system at each of the three coal-fired Craig Station units will monitor and
control the boiler and turbine. Unifying boiler and turbine operations under a
single, common automation platform will provide improved unit stability,
responsiveness and thermal efficienciestighter overall control of plant
operationsand a more concise view of key plant and turbine parameters.Ovation
technology will also control the burner management system, sootblower, fly ash
system, scrubbers and balance-of-plant processes, as well as coal handling and
other common systems. Emerson's comprehensive automation solution for Craig
Station also includes a high-fidelity simulator for operator training, EDSâ¢
technology that enables management to monitor plant performance remotely, and
its Ovation Security Center, which streamlines the execution of cyber-security
measures related to compliance with the North American Electric Reliability
Council (NERC) Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) standards."We're
gratified by Tri-State's continued confidence in our people and technology,"
said Bob Yeager, president of Emerson Process Management's Power & Water
Solutions. "Receiving this additional contract energizes us to continue to do
our best work, deliver great value and exceed Tri-State's expectations."The
Ovation systems will be installed during three successive spring outages,
beginning in 2015.


Michael McInnes appointed Tri-State interim executive vice-president and general
manager

   Mar 13, 2014

   Micheal McInnes has been appointed as interim executive vice-president and
general manager of Tri-State G&T. McInnes replaces Kenneth Anderson, who has
announced his retirement from Tri-State. "Tri-State is fortunate to have an
outstanding team of employees and senior executives," said Rick Gordon, chairman
and president of Tri-State. "We are confident that Mike will do an outstanding
job of leading that team through this transition."McInnes serves as senior
vice-president of production at Tri-State. He is a key member of the G&T's
executive management team with responsibility for the day-to-day oversight and
operation of Tri-State's power production resources, including approximately
2,800 megawatts of coal and natural gas generation, owned and operated coal
mines, and land and water resources throughout a five-state area. McInnes has a
broad background in the electric cooperative industry and has served in various
capacities at Tri-State. From 2000 to 2008, he had responsibility for budget,
environmental, risk management, safety, security, human resources, supply chain
and procurement functions. Immediately prior to joining Tri-State in 2000,
McInnes was executive vice president and general manager of Plains Electric
Generation and Transmission Cooperative in Albuquerque, N.M. He has extensive
experience in the generation and operations areas of the electric utility
industry, in which he has held various management positions - including plant
manager, director of generation and executive manager of generation operations.
McInnes has served as a board member of the Western Systems Electricity Council,
Western Fuels, Inc., Western Power Producers, Rocky Mountain Electrical League
(RMEL), RMEL Foundation, Four Corners Regional Welfare Council and as an
alternate board member of the Colorado River Energy Distributors Association.
Anderson has been the executive vice-president and general manager at Tri-State
since 2008. "It has been my privilege to serve as the executive vice-president
and general manager of Tri- State," Anderson said. "It has been especially
rewarding to work with a dedicated staff of over 1,500 employees who are focused
on providing affordable and reliable electric service to Tri- State's members. I
know that those employees will remain focused on that mission." "I have true
respect for the mission of cooperatives and their business model, and hold
Tri-State in the highest regard for its efforts and leadership in its part of
that mission," said Anderson. "Tri-State thanks Ken for his dedicated service to
Tri-State and its members," said Gordon. "He has worked tirelessly on behalf of
the association's members and his efforts have been much appreciated. We wish
Ken well in the future."


Tri-State signs agreement with NextEra Energy Resources for new wind facility in
eastern Colorado

   Feb 05, 2014

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. announced that it has
entered into a 25-year agreement with a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources,
LLC for a 150 megawatt wind power generating facility to be constructed in
eastern Colorado.Under the 25-year power purchase agreement (PPA), Tri-State
will purchase the entire output and associated environmental attributes of the
Carousel Wind Farm. The 150 MW facility will be Tri-State's largest wind energy
PPA to date. When the project begins commercial operation, the wind farm will
provide affordable electricity to Tri-State's 44 member cooperatives across
Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming."This was a timely and cost-effective
opportunity for us to diversify our generation fleet and deepen our expertise in
the challenging area of integrating variable energy resources," said Brad
Nebergall, Tri-State's senior vice president. The Carousel Wind Farm agreement
was the result of a solicitation for renewable resources issued by Tri-State in
early 2013, months before the Colorado legislature approved a new mandate
doubling the renewable standard for the state's rural electric cooperatives.
Although the project will assist the association to meet that mandate, as well
as a renewable energy standard in place in New Mexico, Tri-State believes such
mandates are unnecessary and that the not-for-profit cooperative's resource
decisions should be directed by its democratically-elected board. A NextEra
Energy Resources subsidiary will construct, own and operate the Carousel Wind
Farm. The project will interconnect to existing Tri-State transmission
facilities in the Burlington area and is possible only because of planned
transmission upgrades in the area. The upgrades have been in the planning
process since 2010 and are expected to be completed in 2016. Nebergall notes
that constraints in the grid system are making it increasingly harder to site
and construct generation facilities in the region. "Given existing transmission
constraints in eastern Colorado, one of the important factors in this agreement
with NextEra was having the project completed at the same time as those system
upgrades," said Nebergall. "We can't reliably purchase and deliver the output
from Carousel to our member systems without the appropriate transmission
infrastructure." The new facility will ultimately contribute to an increasingly
diverse energy portfolio for the not-for-profit wholesale power supplier. Today,
renewable resources generate approximately 23 percent of the energy that
Tri-State provides its member systems. In addition, the company has adopted a
first-of-its-kind in the nation program that incentivizes the development of
community-based renewable energy projects within its member systems' service
territories. To date, Tri-State member cooperatives have 38 projects
representing a total of 52 megawatts in place or under development. The Carousel
Wind Farm will be so named because of its relative proximity to the Kit Carson
County Carousel, an antique amusement ride and national historic landmark
located in nearby Burlington, Colo.


Hitachi Power Systems America Awarded Contract with Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association Inc. for Design and Supply of a SCR System

   Jan 24, 2014

   Hitachi Power Systems America, Ltd. (HPSA), a wholly owned subsidiary of
Hitachi America, Ltd., today announced that it has been awarded a contract for
the design and supply of a Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) System including
Hitachi's proprietary catalyst with Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association, Inc. for its Craig Generation Station, Unit 2, located in Craig,
Colorado.The contract includes the design and supply of a SCR System for Craig
Unit 2 which is a coal-fired steam electric generating unit with a net capacity
of approximately 428 MW. The Craig Station fires Colorado low sulfur bituminous
coal as its primary fuel. SCR systems reduce nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions, a
contributor to the formation of ozone and smog. The SCR system being furnished
by HPSA will utilize Hitachi's state-of-the-art catalyst, offering high NOx
removal efficiencies over a wide operating load range. This leading edge
technology will help Tri-State Generation meet or exceed its NOx reduction
requirements, while keeping sulfur trioxide (SO3) emissions low. This highly
reliable system is being designed for continuous operation throughout the
year.Henry Bartoli, president and CEO of HPSA stated, We are extremely pleased
to have been selected by Tri-State Generation to execute this project and look
forward to supporting Tri-State Generation's efforts to supply its customers
with clean, efficient, low cost electricity. This contract represents another
important milestone in the deployment of Hitachi's proven technologies to the
U.S. markets and further establishes HPSA's important leadership position as an
industry leader in the reduction of emissions from power generation facilities.


Tri-State's Unit 1 at Craig coal fired power station likely to restart in
December 2013

   Nov 04, 2013

   Tri-State Generation & Transmission Association Inc.'s (Tri-State) Unit 1 at
its Craig coal-fired power station in Colorado is expected to restart in
December 2013, Reuters reported.The 428MW unit was closed on September 7, 2013
due to significant water damage.Tri-State said that it had moved a planned
outage scheduled for spring 2014 forward to take advantage of downtime while
workers fix the turbine. The workforce from General Electric Company are
rebuilding the high pressure/intermediate pressure steam path components and
rewinding the generator, according to Tri-State. The Craig plant comprises of
three units, each with a capacity of 428MW.


GE Energy Financial Services and Partners Announce Completion of Expansion at
Colorado Highlands Wind Project

   Oct 02, 2013

   The expansion of Colorado's newest renewable energy facility is complete,
with the Colorado Highlands Wind project now capable of generating 91 megawatts
of electricity for Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association.The
facility originally came on-line in December of 2012, with 42 1.6-megawatt GE
turbines able to produce 67 megawatts of power. The expansion â[#x20ac]" which
was announced in April and began construction in July â[#x20ac]" consists of an
additional 14 1.7-megawatt GE turbines, increasing the facility's total current
capacity by 36 percent.Tri-State has a 20-year power purchase agreement to
receive all the electricity and environmental attributes from the wind farm,
which is jointly owned by Alliance Power, Inc. of Littleton, Colo., and GE
Energy Financial Services of Stamford, Conn. It is located on 6,640 acres in
northeast Colorado's Logan County â[#x20ac]" in the service territory of
Tri-State member co-op Highline Electric Association. Colorado Highlands Wind
has been performing extremely well since being brought on-line late last year,
said Tri-State senior vice president Brad Nebergall. Since it was originally
designed to accommodate 91 megawatts on the existing transmission system
â[#x20ac]" and since Tri-State is always proactively pursuing projects that make
sense for us and our member electric co-ops â[#x20ac]" the expansion of Colorado
Highlands Wind was an opportunity we quickly embraced. Jim Michael, managing
member of Colorado Highlands Wind, said, We are pleased to be able to increase
the long-term cost-effective renewable energy that our project is generating for
Tri-State and its members, while providing other significant benefits to the
community. Colorado Highlands Wind is currently one of three utility-scale
renewable energy facilities from which Tri-State receives all of the electrical
output and renewable energy credits. In 2010 the wholesale power supplier began
purchasing the electricity generated at the 51-megawatt Kit Carson Windpower
Project in eastern Colorado as well as the 30-megawatt Cimarron Solar Facility
in northeastern New Mexico. Combined with Tri-State's renewable hydropower
resources, renewable energy generation makes up approximately 18 percent of the
energy the association provides to its member co-ops. In addition, Tri-State's
member co-ops have another 49 megawatts of local, community-based renewable and
distributed generation projects in operation or scheduled to be operational in
the near future. In 2013, Tri-State adopted a new wholesale rate, along with
demand management and energy shaping product offerings that, among other
benefits, will assist the association to better integrate intermittent renewable
resources into its power supply. Based in the Denver suburb of Westminster,
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association is a not-for-profit wholesale
power supplier to 44 electric cooperatives and public power districts serving
approximately 1.5 million consumers throughout a 200,000 square-mile service
territory across Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming.


Colorado Governor Signs Renewable Energy Standard Retail Wholesale Methane Bill

   Jun 06, 2013

   The Governor of Colorado, John Hickenlooper, signed SB13-252 'Renewable
Energy Standard Retail Wholesale Methane'. Hickenlooper also signed an executive
order related to the legislation and issued a signing statement addressed to the
General Assembly. The executive order creates an advisory committee to the
director of the Colorado Energy Office on the effectiveness of
SB13-252.According to the order, This legislation will expand economic
opportunities across Colorado through the development of wind, solar, and other
innovative energy resources. Rural areas, in particular, will benefit
economically from the expansion of renewable resources because the vast majority
of renewable resources are located outside of the State's urban centers. For
example, this bill will expand construction and manufacturing opportunities in
rural areas through large wind and solar projects and will create jobs in the
newly eligible waste-to-energy and coal mine methane industries.The reasons for
signing the legislation outweigh the reasons for vetoing the bill, but this bill
is imperfect. Some of the concerns raised during the legislative process were
not given due consideration. Top among these concerns are the feasibility of the
implementation timetable and consumer protections. The advisory committee will
work to fully address these concerns, culminating in proposals for the 2014
legislative session.The advisory committee will work to address the cost and
feasibility concerns of the companies impacted by this legislation. The
committee will have eight principal members, six of which will be appointed by
the director from individuals designated by and representing each of the
following organizations or subject-matter areas: Tri State Generation and
Transmission AssociationIntermountain Rural Electric AssociationColorado Rural
Electric Associationa representative of the renewable energy industrya
representative of the nonprofit environmental advocacy communityand a
representative of a nonprofit organization proficient in electric resource
planning. The advisory committee will also have the following non-voting
members: The Attorney General, or their designeeand the chair of the Public
Utilities Commission, or their designee.The signing statement addressed to the
General Assembly, said, After careful consideration, I signed Senate Bill
13-252, legislation that expands economic opportunities for wind, solar and
other renewable technologies in Colorado. The development and deployment of most
of these innovations are already taking place in rural communities across
Colorado. That fact has influenced our administration's review of this
legislation.We believe SB13-252 merits passage on a variety of grounds. First,
this Act will eliminate the arguable in-state preference concerning renewable
resources currently in state statute.Second, this legislation creates
significant benefits to rural communities. This legislation expands
â[#x20ac][#x2dc]eligible energy resources' to include synthetic gas produced by
pyrolysis of municipal solid waste. Each waste-to-energy facility creates an
estimated $54 million in economic activity and most of the proposed facilities
have been targeted toward rural communities. Also as a newly eligible resource,
waste-to-energy projects create profitable outlets for the more than 70 million
waste tires stockpiled in the rural areas around Colorado.Additionally, this
legislation includes coal mine methane as an â[#x20ac][#x2dc]eligible energy
resource' which will allow Colorado to more safely develop coal gas production
in rural communities. Again, these are mostly rural projects and rural
jobs.Third, this legislation builds upon the initial success of the rural
electric cooperatives, which in partnership with their generation sources, have
begun to include renewable generation. We believe, and utility practices have
demonstrated, that diversifying electric generation portfolios with renewable
generation tempers rate increases. Tri-State and its member cooperatives are
exceeding current renewable requirements without a 1 percent net retail rate
impact. This gives us confidence that the increased renewable energy goal of
SB13-252 can be achieved without exceeding the additional 1 percent rate
increase limit set forth in this bill. Further, if the rate cap is hit, the bill
provides electric cooperatives with flexibility in meeting the renewable energy
goals established in SB 13-252.We believe that this legislation, while
imperfect, is necessary to keep diversifying electric generation and reaping the
associated rate, economic and environmental benefits. Vetoing this bill and
waiting until the 2014 legislation session for a more perfect version would set
Colorado back one year in our pursuit of a more diverse energy portfolio. We
cannot afford to lose this valuable time, especially with the expiration of the
Federal Production Tax Credit on wind generation at the end of this
year.Opponents of this legislation have raised a number of objections -- all of
which we weighed seriously. First, they argue that reaching a goal of 20 percent
by 2020 is not achievable. Second, they argue that attempting to achieve it will
result in billions of costs to rural ratepayers, despite a 2 percent rate cap
designed specifically to protect consumers.If the 2 percent rate cap was
compounded, I would veto this bill. While it is computed annually, it does not
compound. This rate cap operates the same way that the current 1 percent rate
cap operates. The bill is designed to protect against incurring investment
costs, including debt service, that push beyond a 2 percent cap. The assertion
that this legislation will levy billions in costs to rural consumers is not
borne out by the facts.We know that utilities across the country have actually
saved money by incorporating more renewable energy generation. Wind, for
example, can cost as little as 2.75 cents per kilowatt hour, which is lower than
the average cost of new natural gas generation. Renewable energy generation also
offers long-term price contracts, negating the price volatility of fossil
fuels.We believe these concerns point, not to a veto, but rather to a commitment
in favor of finding appropriate compromise in the next legislative session.It is
relevant that the parties directly involved in this legislation came close to
agreeing upon compromise language that would have addressed some of these
concerns. A standard of 20 percent by 2022 was agreed to by representatives of
the co-ops at one point in the legislative session. This compromise was later
rejected by co-op boards, but we should continue to monitor the possibility of
compromise on the timetable for achieving a 20 percent standard.In the coming
legislative session, we will support other elements of that failed compromise.
Specifically, we believe that the pooling of renewable energy credits, as it
pertains to sharing compliance responsibilities between cooperatives, would be
an important improvement. Rep. Jerry Sonnenberg suggested legislation along
these lines in the closing days of the session. We have assurance from the
leadership of the General Assembly that this bill will draw bipartisan support
next year.Through separate action, I have directed the Colorado Energy Office
(CEO) to engage Tri-State, the cooperative electric utilities, and other
stakeholders over the next six months. CEO will be tasked with pursuing a
transparent assessment of the feasibility of the 2020 timetable and the rate
impacts of the 20 percent renewable energy standard.If this assessment raises
legitimate concerns with either of these issues, we have agreement from the
Speaker of the House and Senate President that the Seventieth Colorado General
Assembly will take up legislation making necessary changes to the law.CEO
recently completed an Agricultural Efficiency Study which identified
opportunities for partnerships in rural Colorado to increase energy efficiency
practices to help producers cut back on energy costs. I have directed CEO to
identify ways we can support farmers and ranchers in reducing their utility
costs.The ideal way to improve this bill is through the legislative process
rather than a veto and starting over. While the desired compromise was not
achieved in the 2013 legislative session, our engagement of proponents and
opponents of this bill in the last few weeks has confirmed our view that
legitimate concerns can be effectively resolved through stakeholder engagement
over the rest of this year and in the next legislative session.


D.C. Circuit Court Dismisses Sunflower Electric's Appeal Over Holcomb Coal-fired
Power Station In Kansas

May 28, 2013

The D.C. Circuit Court dismissed an appeal by Sunflower Electric Power
Corporation (Sunflower Electric) of a ruling requiring environmental review of
the company's proposed new coal plant in Holcomb, Kansas. The decision lets
stand a district court ruling that the US government violated the law by
allowing Sunflower Electric to proceed with the polluting and financially risky
plant without first examining its environmental effects and alternative
actions.Amanda Goodin, an attorney with Earthjustice representing the Sierra
Club in court, said, As of today, the Sunflower coal plant cannot be built.
Until the plant receives a full environmental review, this unnecessary,
money-losing pollution project is done.New clean air and public health standards
adopted since the project was first proposed will make it difficult for the
expansion plant to secure financial backing, given lack of demand for additional
coal-fired electricity generation in the region. Sunflower Electric remains
hundreds of millions of dollars in debt to the federal government for
taxpayer-supported loans taken out to build the existing coal plant at Holcomb
station. If built, the new plant would release thousands of pounds of toxic
pollution in Kansas while the power it generates would belong to Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State). According to
Tri-State's 2012 resource plan on file with the Colorado Public Utilities
Commission, the utility is unlikely to ever need any power from the new plant,
making the plant an unnecessary and a risky investment. Sunil Bector, an
attorney with the Sierra Club, said, Coal in Holcomb is already a proven
financial loser. Given Sunflower's massive debt and precarious financial
situation, it can't possibly finance this new coal plant without putting
ratepayers and American taxpayers at further risk. The proposed plant would emit
massive amounts of air pollutants, including mercury, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen
oxides, carbon dioxide, and particulate matter. Kansas is already making
important strides to develop clean energy like wind. Last year, Kansas doubled
its installed wind capacity and led the nation for the most wind installed in
the third quarter of 2012. The state benefits from wind manufacturing by way of
the Siemens component plant in Hutchinson.


USDA Announces Funding For Four Rural Electric Projects

Apr 29, 2013

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for four rural
electric projects in eight states to provide reliable, affordable electricity
for rural residents. The announcement will includes more than $126m in loans to
upgrade rural electric infrastructure, including more than $20m in smart grid
funding. The funding announced will help finance the construction of more than
800 miles of new or improved electric line.One of the rural electric
cooperatives that will receive funding is Colorado's Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. It is receiving a $73m loan to upgrade generation
and transmission facilities, improve 50 miles of transmission line and build a
substation. The loan amount includes more than $18m for smart grid projects.In
Ohio, Logan County Cooperative Power & Light Association, Inc. will receive a
$4.5m loan to build 32 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan includes $331,100 for smart grid projects. The following
is a complete list of rural electric utilities that will receive USDA funding,
contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Colorado,
Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]" Nearly $73m loan. Funds will be used to upgrade
generation and transmission facilities, improve 50 miles of transmission line
and build a substation. The loan amount includes more than $18m for smart grid
projects. Georgia and North Carolina Blue Ridge Mountain Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" More than $28m loan. Funds will be used to build 256
miles of distribution line and make system improvements. The loan amount
includes $25,000 for smart grid projects. Ohio Logan County Cooperative Power &
Light Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $4.5m loan. Funds will be used to build 32
miles of distribution line and make system improvements. The loan amount
includes $331,100 for smart grid projects. Texas and New Mexico Rio Grande
Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" Nearly $21m loan. Funds will be used to
build 495 miles of distribution line and make system improvements. The loan
amount includes more than $1.4m for smart grid projects.


Tri-State Announces Expansion Of Colorado Highlands Wind Project

Apr 15, 2013

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State) is expanding
the 67 MW Colorado Highlands wind project to 91 MW. The company receives 100% of
the power from the project. Construction, using 14 GE turbines, is expected to
commence in July 2013 and be completed this fall.Tri-State has a 20-year power
purchase agreement to receive all the electricity and environmental attributes
from the facility, which is jointly owned by Alliance Power, Inc., and GE Energy
Financial Services. The wind farm was constructed in 2012 and became operational
in December. It is located on 6,640 acres in northeast Colorado's Logan County
â[#x20ac]" in the service territory of Tri-State member co-op Highline Electric
Association.Brad Nebergall, senior vice president at Tri-State, said, "Colorado
Highlands Wind has been performing extremely well since being brought on-line
late last year. The original engineering and design accommodated up to 91
megawatts â[#x20ac]" which is the maximum that the existing transmission
interconnection can support. So now that the additional 14 turbines are
available, we are pleased to move forward with its full build-out after
Tri-State's board of directors approved the expansion at its February 2013
meeting." Jim Michael, managing member for Colorado Highlands Wind, said,
"Colorado Highlands Wind is pleased to enable Tri-State to complete the original
vision of the project, capturing its full efficiency and benefits."The expansion
coincides with a request for proposals process for additional renewable energy
supply that Tri-State is currently undertaking. Tri-State issued the RFP in
mid-February 2013 and is presently analyzing the proposals that were submitted
by the April 2 deadline â[#x20ac]" and intends to review a short list of the top
prospects with its board of directors within the next couple of months.Nebergall
said, "The current competitive pricing in the renewable energy sector â[#x20ac]"
particularly wind â[#x20ac]" encouraged us to explore market opportunities to
add an additional project or projects to Tri-State's renewable resource
portfolio through the RFP process. At the same time, we realize the value we'll
be receiving through the Colorado Highlands Wind expansion."Colorado Highlands
Wind is currently one of three utility-scale renewable energy facilities from
which Tri-State receives all of the electrical output and renewable energy
credits. In 2010 the wholesale power supplier began purchasing the electricity
generated at the 51 MW Kit Carson windpower project in eastern Colorado as well
as the 30 MW Cimarron solar facility in northeastern New Mexico.In addition,
Tri-State's member co-ops have another 45 MW of local, community-based renewable
and distributed generation projects in operation or scheduled to be operational
later 2013.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Electric Service In 13 States

Apr 10, 2013

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for projects to
improve electric service in rural areas across 13 states. The department will
provide nearly $280m for rural electric infrastructure, including more than $6m
in smart grid funding, which increases access to information to better manage
electricity use. In addition, these funds will result in the construction of
more than 1,900 miles of new or improved electric line.One of the rural electric
cooperatives selected for funding is the Mor-Gran-Sou Electric Cooperative, Inc.
It will receive a $15m loan to build 125 miles of distribution line and four
miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements for Native
American and other customers in North and South Dakota. The loan amount includes
$447,452 for smart grid projects.In Minnesota, the Wild Rice Electric
Cooperative, Inc. will receive a $12m loan to build more than 106 miles of
distribution line and fund $680,000 for smart grid projects. This project will
improve service to many Native American customers. The following is a list of
rural electric cooperative utilities that will receive USDA funding. Colorado
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $51.75m.
Funds will be used to upgrade and modify existing generation and transmission
facilities. It includes nearly $1.66m for environmental improvements.
GeorgiaIrwin Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $25m. Funds will be used
to serve 1,693 customers, build 581 miles of distribution line, and make other
system improvements. Georgia, Alabama and Florida Georgia Transmission
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $90.3m. Funds will be used to build and improve
transmission system projects covering the construction and improvement of 331
miles of line, six new substations, and projects to upgrade existing substations
and lines. The loan amount includes more than $3m in smart grid projects. Iowa
Butler County Rural Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2.5m. Funds will be used to
serve 48 customers, build 15 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $20,000 for smart grid projects. Kansas
Heartland Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $15.1m. Funds
will be used to serve 733 customers, build 242 miles of distribution line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $192,100 for smart grid
projects. Kentucky Meade County Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation
â[#x20ac]" More than $23m. Funds will be used to serve 2,284 customers, build
403 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan
amount includes more than $1.1m for smart grid projects. Minnesota Wild Rice
Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $12m. Funds will be used to serve 903
customers, build 106 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $680,000 for smart grid projects. North
Dakota and South Dakota Mor-Gran-Sou Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $15m.
Funds will be used to serve 624 customers, build 125 miles of distribution line
and four miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $447,452 for smart grid projects. South Carolina and North
Carolina New Horizon Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" More than $9.7m.
Funds will be used to build five new substations, and make other system
improvements. South Dakota Clay-Union Electric Corporation â[#x20ac]" More than
$6.8m. Funds will be used to serve 271 customers, build 118 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$464,601 for smart grid projects. Texas San Miguel Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" More than $28.3m. Funds will be used to finance capital projects at
the San Miguel generating plant, including $9.8m for projects to reduce air
pollution.


US Bureau Of Reclamation Releases Final Supplemental Environmental Assessment On
Ridgway Dam Hydropower Interconnection Facilities

Mar 26, 2013

The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation announced that it has released a final
supplemental environmental assessment (EA) and finding of no significant impact
(FONSI) on Ridgway dam hydropower interconnection facilities. The supplemental
EA and FONSI augments the 2012 Ridgway hydropower EA and FONSI and addresses
additional details and information on the interconnection and transmission
facilities.Reclamation will issue a license agreement to Tri-State Generation
and Transmission Association for construction of interconnection facilities to
interconnect Tri-county water conservancy district hydropower facilities to the
existing 115kV transmission line that runs along US. In addition, a memorandum
of agreement will be signed with Tri-county to relocate dry storage facilities
and utilities operated by Colorado parks and wildlife as part of Ridgway state
park. Tri-County is currently constructing the hydropower facilities at Ridgway
aam on the uncompahgre river in Ouray county, Colorado and operates and
maintains Ridgway dam.


US Bureau Of Reclamation Releases Draft Supplemental Environmental Assessment On
Ridgway Dam Hydropower Interconnection Facilities

Feb 25, 2013

The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation announced that it has released a draft
supplemental environmental assessment (EA) on Ridgway dam hydropower
interconnection facilities. The draft EA supplements the 2012 Ridgway hydropower
environmental assessment and finding of no significant impact and addresses
additional details and information on the interconnection and transmission
facilities.The proposed action in the EA to issue a license agreement and
rights-of-way to Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association for
construction of interconnection facilities to interconnect Tri-County water
conservancy district hydropower facilities to the existing 115kV transmission
line that runs along US. In addition, a memorandum of agreement will be signed
with Tri-County to relocate dry storage facilities and utilities operated by
Colorado parks and wildlife as part of Ridgway state park.Tri-County is
currently constructing the hydropower facilities at Ridgway Dam on the
Uncompahgre river in Ouray county, Colorado and operates and maintains Ridgway
dam.


Tri-State Issues RFPs For Renewable Resources

Feb 14, 2013

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State) issued a
request for proposals for renewable energy supply on February 13, 2013, which is
aimed at taking advantage of current competitive market prices, while continuing
to assist its member co-ops in Colorado and New Mexico in meeting their
renewable portfolio standard requirements.Susan Hunter, Tri-State's business
development manager for energy resources, said, Given the recently extended
Federal Production Tax Credit and sustained competitive pricing in the renewable
energy sector, we felt this was a good time to explore adding an additional
project or projects to Tri-State's renewable resource portfolio.Hunter explained
that the RFP is intended to solicit bids for resources that will begin
construction prior to the end of 2013 in order to qualify for the federal
production tax credit and be in service before the end of 2014. Only renewable
resources that meet the definitions within the Colorado and/or New Mexico
renewal portfolio standard requirements will be considered. Generally, these
resources include solar, wind, small hydro, geothermal, biomass and, in the case
of the Colorado RPS, recycled energy. Tri-State is seeking renewable energy
deliveries of up to 400,000 MWh per year, which is roughly equivalent to the
output of a 100 MW wind farm with an annual capacity factor of 45%. Proposals
must include deliveries of at least 15,000 MWh per year. Tri-State will consider
proposal structures that include power purchase agreements, purchase of existing
generation facilities, ownership of facilities specifically constructed for sale
to Tri-State or combinations thereof. Power purchase agreements with a minimum
term of 20 years and a maximum term of 25 years will be considered. The deadline
to submit proposals is April 2, 2013.


Tri-State Generation To Consider Alternative Transmission Project In Southern
Colorado

Jan 15, 2013

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation)
will consider an alternative route for a transmission project to increase
electric system reliability in Colorado's San Luis Valley.Growth in residential
and agricultural loads throughout the San Luis Valley caused the existing
transmission infrastructure to reach its capacity. Tri-State Generation studied
several options to meet the electric reliability needs in the San Luis Valley,
including generation and demand management options, before identifying new
transmission infrastructure as the most cost-effective and highest benefit to
electric consumers.Tri-State Generation previously proposed a joint transmission
project with Xcel Energy Inc. that would have extended from the San Luis Valley
east to Walsenburg, Colorado and then north to the Comanche power plant. That
project was approved by the Colorado Public Utilities Commission (PUC) in
September 2011. Xcel Energy previously indicated to the PUC that it is likely
that it will withdraw from further participation in the joint project due to
changes in its generation resources needs. Such a significant change in the
scope of the previously approved project would likely require a new application
to the PUC for an alternative project. Recognizing this possibility, Tri-State
Generation considered various alternatives to the previously proposed project
and plans to study further an alternative transmission project with a
north-south alignment between Alamosa, Colorado and Tri-State Generation's
existing transmission system in northern New Mexico. The alternative project
will meet Tri-State Generation's goal of bolstering reliability of the electric
grid, with the added benefit of supporting potential renewable energy
development. The project will help ensure reliable power to San Luis Valley
Rural Electric Cooperative.


New Mexico PRC Suspends Electric Rate Increase And Rate Redesign Proposed By
Tri-State Generation

Dec 26, 2012

The New Mexico Public Regulation Commission (New Mexico PRC) suspended electric
rate increase and rate redesign proposed by Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation). The Commission ruled in
favor of Kit Carson Electric Cooperative, Inc. (KCEC) at a hearing on December
20, 2012. KCEC, along with two other electric cooperatives in New Mexico,
protested a proposed rate increase and rate redesign by Tri-State Generation.The
changes were due to take place on January 1, 2013.The suspension of the increase
means KCEC and other New Mexico electric cooperative consumers will not be
subject to a 5% increase in rates. Luis Reyes, CEO at KCEC, said, The suspension
of the rate increase amounts to an annual savings of one million dollars. The
rate redesign would have unfairly burdened the business community during already
difficult economic times. We are very pleased the commissioners chose to
intervene on behalf of our members. The New Mexico PRC will assign a hearing
examiner and set a hearing schedule. Tri-State Generation indicated they will
seek to stop the suspension through court action.


Tri-State Generation Completes Colorado Highlands Wind Project In Colorado

Dec 20, 2012

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation)
celebrated the completion of Colorado's newest renewable energy facility at the
dedication of the Colorado Highlands Wind project in northeast Colorado.
Tri-State Generation has a 20-year power purchase agreement to buy the
electricity from the 67 MW wind farm, which is located on a 5,200-acre site in
northeast Colorado's Logan county, within the service territory of its member
co-op Highline Electric Association.Brad Nebergall, senior vice president at
Tri-State Generation, said, The Colorado Highlands Wind project presented a
great opportunity for Tri-State and our member electric co-ops. It increases the
amount of renewable resources in our energy mix and further diversifies our
overall generation portfolio â[#x20ac]" while also assisting our members to meet
their obligations under state renewable portfolio standards.Jim Michael,
managing member for Colorado Highlands Wind, oversaw the six-month construction
process. Michael said, We are pleased that this project was successfully
completed on time and will be providing cost-effective renewable energy to
Tri-State and its members for the next 20 years. This project demonstrates the
ability of utilities, private enterprise and government agencies to work
together to meet growing energy demands with economical renewable technologies
that will bring lasting benefits to society. Colorado Highlands Wind is the
third utility-scale renewable energy facility from which Tri-State Generation
receives all of the electrical output and renewable energy credits. In 2010 the
wholesale power supplier began purchasing the electricity generated at the 51 MW
Kit Carson windpower project in eastern Colorado as well as the 30 MW Cimarron
solar facility in northeastern New Mexico.


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

Sep 07, 2012

The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.


Earthjustice Argues Appeal For Clean Air At Kansas Supreme Court

Aug 31, 2012

Earthjustice, representing the Kansas chapter of the Sierra Club, argued before
the Kansas Supreme Court that the court should overturn an air pollution permit
the Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) issued to Sunflower
Electric Power Corporation (Sunflower Electric) to build a new 895 MW Holcomb II
coal-fired power plant in Holcomb, Kansas.If built, the new plant would release
thousands of pounds of toxic pollution in Kansas while the power it generates
would be shipped to cities in Colorado, according to Earthjustice.Amanda Goodin,
Earthjustice lawyer representing the Kansas chapter of the Sierra Club, said,
Kansans deserve clean air, and it is the Kansas Department of Health and
Environment's responsibility to ensure that for the state. As it stands now,
this permit allows tons of unnecessary and harmful pollution to be dumped into
the air, putting Kansans at risk of developing respiratory and other health
problems. KDHE let Sunflower cut corners and rushed the permitting process to
save costs instead of requiring the best pollution controls for the new plant as
the law requires. According to Earthjustice, this proposed plant, which will be
owned by Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State
Generation), will emit massive amounts of air pollutants in Kansas, including
mercury, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide, and particulate
matter. Tri-State Generation is the 100% owner of the Holcomb II plant. Adding
insult to injury, according to Tri-State Generation's recent resource plan,
which is on file with the Colorado Public Utilities Commission, it has no
current need for electricity from the new plant and will not need its power
until 2027, at the earliest, making the plant both unnecessary and a risky
investment. Sunflower Electric, which will construct, manage and operate the
plant, still owes the federal government millions of dollars for
taxpayer-supported loans taken out to build the coal plant that already exists
at Holcomb station. Allowing Sunflower Electric to build yet another coal plant
is likely to put existing taxpayer support at even greater risk. Todd True,
Earthjustice lawyer representing the Kansas chapter of the Sierra Club, said,
Coal in Holcomb is already a proven financial loser. Given Sunflower's massive
debt and precarious financial situation, it can't possibly finance this new coal
plant itself without putting Kansas ratepayers and American taxpayers at further
risk. In a separate lawsuit, a federal court in Washington, DC held that the US
government violated the law by allowing Sunflower Electric to proceed with this
financially risky plant without first examining its environmental effects and
alternative actions. Kansas is already making important strides to develop clean
energy like wind. In fact, during the second quarter of 2012, Kansas was among
the top states in the nation for wind energy under construction, and benefits
from wind manufacturing by way of the Siemens component plant in Hutchinson,
Kansas. Scott Allegrucci, Kansas campaign representative of Sierra Club's Beyond
Coal campaign, said, Kansas is already leading the way nationally on clean
energy. Wind turbines don't require burning even a single lump of coal to
generate energy, let alone burning millions of tons of coal and the dangerous
air pollution that goes with that. It's time for Sunflower Electric to invest in
Kansas' future and commit to clean energy rather than holding on to a dirty
relic of the past like coal. The lawsuit claims that KDHE: Issued a permit that
falls short of the minimum requirements of the Clean Air Act and will not
adequately protect human health and the environment Issued a permit without
enforceable limits on nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide pollution Did not
require 'best available control technology' on new pollution sources, as
required by law Allowed legally inadequate pollution limits even on hazardous
toxic air pollutants like mercury --the most harmful to human health--in order
to save costs Denied the public a fair opportunity to participate in the process
by rushing through review of comments to allow the project to be permitted prior
to new greenhouse gas regulations taking effect.


RMT Selected To Develop 67 MW Colorado Highlands Wind Project In Logan County,
Colorado

May 17, 2012

Alliance Power, Inc. announced that it has selected RMT, Inc. to design and
construct the 67 MW Colorado Highlands Wind project in Logan county,
Colorado.Jim Michael, the managing member for Colorado Highlands Wind, said, We
are confident RMT is the right team with the best skills and capabilities to
successfully complete this important project. We look forward to our project
beginning operations by the end of the year.RMT will provide engineering,
procurement and construction (EPC) of the civil and electrical infrastructure to
support the installation of 42 General Electric Company 1.6 MW wind turbines at
the site. The civil infrastructure includes roads, crane paths and pads, and
turbine foundations. The electrical infrastructure includes a 34.5/115kV power
substationa 6.2 mile, 115kV project transmission lineand interconnection
switchyard to the Western Area Power Administration's system. RMT is also
responsible for tower erection, in-tower wiring, mechanical turbine completion,
operations and maintenance building construction, and testing and inspections to
deliver a fully functional wind-powered electrical generation facility.
Construction of the Colorado Highlands Wind project commenced in late April
2012. The project is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2012, and will
generate enough clean energy to power approximately 19,000 homes. The full
output of the Colorado Highlands Wind project will be delivered under a 20-year
power purchase agreement (PPA) to Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association, Inc. The Colorado Highlands Wind project is one of seven projects
totaling 555 MW of renewable power generation that RMT is constructing in 2012.


Tri-State Generation Petitions Federal Court To Review EPA's MATS Rule

Apr 13, 2012

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation)
filed a legal challenge on April 13, 2012 to the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency's (EPA's) Mercury and Air Toxic Standards (MATS) rule. The association's
lawsuit asks a federal appeals court in Washington D.C. to review the rule,
which is not lawful under the Clean Air Act and will significantly increase
electricity costs.Ken Anderson, executive vice president and general manager of
Tri-State Generation, said, The EPA's MATS rule harms rural electric consumers.
The rule was developed in a flawed regulatory process, will impose substantial
and unwarranted costs on existing plants, and will effectively prohibit the
construction of new coal plants.Tri-State Generation said that it responsibly
generates reliable and affordable electricity for its member electric
cooperatives and complies with increasingly rigorous state and federal laws.
Tri-State Generation's coal-fired power plants are low emitters of mercury and
comply with stringent state mercury limits in Colorado and New Mexico. In fact,
Tri-State Generation's Nucla station in western Colorado is listed by the EPA in
the database to establish the rule as having the lowest mercury emissions of any
coal-fired plant in the USyet the plant will still be burdened with additional
regulatory requirements under the rule.Anderson said, The EPA overstates the
benefits of the rule and underestimates the costs. The rule is unworkable and
has an unrealistic timeframe to implement.The rule is one of the most expensive
regulatory programs in the US history, according to Tri-State Generation. A
comprehensive analysis by National Economic Research Associates found that the
MATS rule and other finalized and pending EPA regulations for power plants using
coal could cost an average of 183,000 jobs every year from 2012â[#x20ac]"2020
and increase electricity and other energy prices by $170 billion.Anderson said,
This rule, along with other recent EPA regulatory actions, appears geared to
taking coal off the table to help meet our nation's electricity needs. We need
all options, including coal, to ensure affordable, reliable and responsible
power.


Tri-State Generation Signs 20-year Purchase Agreement To Buy Electricity From 67
MW Colorado Highlands Wind Project

Mar 01, 2012

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association (Tri-State Generation) signed
a 20-year power purchase agreement to buy the electricity from the state's
newest planned renewable energy resource, the 67 MW Colorado Highlands wind
project. The facility will be built on a 5,200-acre site in northeast Colorado's
Logan county, within the service territory of Tri-State Generation member co-op
Highline Electric Association, and is scheduled to be operational by the end of
2012.The project will use General Electric Company (GE) wind turbine generators
and will be developed by Colorado Highlands Wind, LLC, which is jointly owned by
Alliance Power, Inc. of Littleton, Colorado, and GE Energy Financial Services of
Stamford, Connecticut. Financial terms of the contract are being held
confidential and were not disclosed.Ken Anderson, executive vice president and
general manager of Tri-State Generation, said, "Increasing the amount of
renewable resources in our energy mix further diversifies our overall generation
portfolio. It not only attracts investment to the communities our member co-ops
serve, but it also keeps us on schedule in assisting our members to meet their
obligations under state renewable portfolio standards." Mark Farnsworth, manager
of the Highline Electric Association, said, "Highline Electric is pleased to be
in position to provide service to Colorado Highlands Wind and we're looking
forward to working with them during the construction process. We also appreciate
the economic development opportunities that the project provides in our service
territory." The agreement culminates a process begun in October 2011 when
Tri-State Generation issued a request for proposals for renewable energy supply,
which resulted in nearly 50 responses consisting of a variety of technologies
and potential locations. Colorado Highlands Wind will be the third utility-scale
renewable energy facility from which Tri- State Generation receives all of the
electrical output and renewable energy credits. In 2010 the wholesale power
supplier began purchasing the power generated at the 51 MW Kit Carson windpower
project in eastern Colorado as well as the 30 MW Cimarron solar facility in
northeastern New Mexico.


Toshiba Wins Contract To Supply Steam Turbine And Generators For Holcomb Thermal
Power Plant In Kansas, US

Jan 19, 2012

Toshiba Corporation won a contract from Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association Inc. and Sunflower Electric Power Corporation to supply a 971 MW
supercritical steam turbine and generator for the Holcomb thermal power plant in
Kansas, US. The supply of equipment is scheduled for July 2014, and plant
operation is expected to start in 2017. The contract was signed by Toshiba
International Corporation, a US subsidiary of Toshiba.


BLM Releases Draft Environmental Assessment On Tri-State Generation's Proposed
115kV Transmission Line

Nov 21, 2011

The Bureau of Land Management's (BLM's) Uncompahgre Field Office, on November
21, 2011, released a draft environmental assessment and finding of no
significant impact on an 115kV transmission line proposed by Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State Generation).The proposed
project is located within the Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area
northeast of Montrose near Flat Top. Tri-State Generation applied for a
right-of-way grant that would cross public land for approximately 4.7 miles and
include a 100ft-wide right-of-way for the East Montrose electric system
improvement project transmission line. The company also requests approximately
9.5 miles of existing, new and upgraded access on public lands to construct and
maintain the transmission line. The right-of-way would be 30â[#x20ac]"50ft wide
for access routes on public lands.The environmental assessment considers the
effects of the project as a whole while evaluating the environmental effects of
constructing, operating and maintaining the proposed transmission line and
access roads on public lands. The environmental assessment will also be used to
decide whether or not to grant Tri-State Generation's request for the project
right-of-way, and if so under what conditions.Written comments should reference
the draft environmental assessment and finding of no significant impact and must
be submitted by December 19, 2011.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service

Oct 13, 2011

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural electric
cooperative utilities to improve distribution systems and smart grid
technologies in 27 states, as part of the Obama administration's continued focus
on investments in infrastructure that create rural jobs.The announcement was
made on the secretary's behalf by Dallas Tonsager, agriculture under secretary
for rural development, during a speech to the National Rural Electric
Association regional meeting in Denver, where he also stressed the importance of
the American Jobs Act to spur job creation throughout the country.Tom Vilsack,
USDA's secretary, said, "This investment in the electric grid will help address
the growing need for electric service nationwide and spur job creation by
building out rural infrastructure," Vilsack said. "Smart grid technology can
help better manage power use, provide rate stability for businesses and create
the climate for job growth in rural America." Over $2.1 billion in loans are
provided by USDA's Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development Agency, to help
rural electric utilities build and upgrade rural America's electric
infrastructure. These projects will fund over $40m in smart grid technologies
and will build or improve nearly 6,000 miles of line. Funding for distribution
cooperatives, which provide power to consumers, will benefit over 38,000 rural
businesses and residents. Included in the funding are three loans for Colorado
projects that will help keep electricity reliable and affordable for rural
communities. Gunnison County Electric Association will receive over $7m to build
or improve nearly 60 miles of lineover $1m of those funds will go to smart grid
technology. A loan of over $35m to Highline Electric Association will build or
improve over 280 miles of line and includes over $2m for smart grid technology.
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, owned by 44 distribution
cooperatives, will build or improve over 150 miles of transmission line, upgrade
substations and invest over $9m in smart grid technology with a total of $132m
in loan funds. In Virginia, a loan of $90m to Northern Virginia Electric
Cooperative will be used to build a 49.9 MW woody biomass generation facility.
The project is projected to cover approximately 6% of the cooperative's future
power needs for the years 2014 through 2030. In Georgia, a loan of almost $30m
to Amicalola Electric Membership Corporation will be used to build or improve
over 250 miles of transmission line. The loan amount includes $9,402,000 in
smart grid projects, which help utilities better manage electricity needs and
improve operational efficiencies. These investments also help rural utilities
improve their delivery and storage of renewable energy to generate electricity.
Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.


Evluma Clearlights Qualify For New Rebates From BPA And Tri-State G&T

Jun 22, 2011

Evluma announced new rebate opportunities from Bonneville Power Administration
(BPA) and Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State
G&T) for local utilities looking to reach energy conservation goals by
installing Clearlight LED retrofits for 50-175 W mercury vapor and 70-150 W high
pressure dodium dusk-till-dawn 'Security Lights'.The rebate currently offered by
BPA is part of its commercial and industrial lighting efficiency program.
Customers can download the lighting calculator from the BPA website. Originally
announced at $100 per lamp, the BPA rebate was increased to $120 with the change
from version 2.1 to version 2.2 of the lighting calculator. Tri-State G&T offers
a rebate for up to 50% of the material cost, or $100 per lamp for up to 25
lamps, whichever is lower. The Tri-State G&T offer is for their 44 co-op members
in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The Tri-State G&T rebate is aimed
at helping member co-ops develop pilot programs, making new product evaluation
more affordable.Keith Miller, president and CEO of Evluma, said, Rebates
incentivize conservation and give co-ops an extra edge when exploring new
technologies. Recently qualified by the Lighting Design Lab in Seattle,
Washington both the Clearlight 40 W EcoSpot and 50 W Beacon aid utilities
looking to eliminate banned mercury vapor ballasts, increase energy savings, and
reduce maintenance costs.


PUC Affirms Need For Southern Colorado Transmission Line

Feb 11, 2011

The Colorado Public Utilities Commission (PUC) has affirmed an administrative
law judge's recommended decision granting Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association Inc. and Xcel Energy Inc. (Xcel Energy) authority to jointly
construct new electric transmission facilities in southern Colorado. The PUC
upheld the judge's finding that the applicants had demonstrated a present or
future need for construction of the project and that existing facilities are not
reasonably adequate.The proposed, 150-mile San Luis Valley-Calumet-Comanche
Transmission project is intended to improve system reliability in the San Luis
Valley and facilitate the delivery of renewable resource generation in southern
Colorado to the Denver metro load center.The PUC removed a condition recommended
by the judge that would have required at least 700 MW of generation to be
interconnected with the project within 10 years from the date the line is placed
in service, or Xcel Energy would have to refund 50% of the money it collected
from its ratepayers to fund the project. Ron Binz, chairman of PUC, said, It is
difficult to build a robust renewable energy system unless you are willing to
build transmission, to some extent, on the promise of future development. The
proposed project involves construction of three new, high-voltage transmission
line segments that would connect electrical substations from north of Alamosa to
Pueblo. The project also includes a new substation to be built near Walsenburg.


First Solar Announces Start Of Commercial Operation Of 30MW Cimarron Solar
Facility, US

Jan 24, 2011

First Solar, Inc. (First Solar) announced the start of commercial operation of
30MW Cimarron solar facility. The facility is the first resulting from the
partnership between Southern Company and Turner Renewable Energy, LLC (Turner
Renewable Energy) and will supply power to the member electric cooperatives of
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. First Solar, developed
and constructed the facility and will provide operation and maintenance services
under a long-term contract.Tom Fanning, chairman, president and CEO of Southern
Company, said: This is a key milestone for Southern Company as we steadily
incorporate more renewables into our energy portfolio. Renewables, along with
new nuclear, increased energy efficiency, 21st century coal technology and
additional natural gas, all will be crucial to meeting this nation's growing
energy demand.Fanning also noted that New Mexico, with its abundant solar
resources, was an ideal location to establish the company's first
commercial-scale solar operation. The 364-acre plant site is located within the
service territory of Tri-State member system Springer Electric Cooperative in
Colfax County, New Mexico, and is adjacent to Turner Renewable Energy's Vermejo
Park Ranch. Southern Company and Turner Renewable Energy acquired the project
from First Solar in March 2010. Turner Renewable Energy is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Turner Enterprises with a focus on development of commercial-scale
solar projects. Turner said: We are very excited to see this project completed
and producing clean solar energy to power homes and businesses in New Mexico.
Large-scale solar generation is among the fastest growing energy sources in the
world, and we're pleased that we can be a part of that growth. Initially
expected to go on line by the end of 2010, the facility was completed in eight
months and began commercial operation in early December 2010, nearly a month
ahead of schedule. More than 300 workers were employed to construct the plant,
which uses about 500,000 2x4 advanced thin film photovoltaic modules
manufactured by First Solar. Frank De Rosa, senior vice president of project
development of First Solar, North America, said: The Cimarron solar facility
demonstrates First Solar's capabilities in utility scale projects. Integrating
technology, manufacturing, project development and engineering, procurement and
construction expertise enables First Solar to be a leader in sustainable energy
development. Electricity generated by the plant will serve a 25-year power
purchase agreement with Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association. The
project further expands Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association's
focus on providing renewable generation for its members, as the association also
announced late in 2010 that its Kit Carson Windpower Project began commercial
operation in eastern Colorado. Ken Anderson, executive vice president and
general manager of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, said: The
Cimarron solar facility is another example of our ability to harness and utilize
the abundant natural resources that are available to us in the West. Working
with our partners, we have made a significant technology investment in the rural
communities we serve, while further diversifying Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association's renewable resource mix.


Tri-State Generation Files Electric Resource Plan With Colorado PUC

Dec 01, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State Generation)
has filed its 20-year electric resource plan with the Colorado Public Utilities
Commission (Colorado PUC) on November 30, 2010. The filing provides an
assessment of Tri-State Generation's existing resource mix and electric sales
forecast, and discusses various alternatives for meeting the future system needs
of its 44 member cooperatives. The filing will also be submitted to the Western
Area Power Administration.The resource plan identifies a six-year resource
acquisition period in which Tri-State Generation could add new generation
resources. In order to meet its member cooperatives' renewable portfolio
mandates and further diversify its generation portfolio, Tri-State Generation
will need to acquire additional renewable resources in the next three to four
years. These resources are in addition to the new renewable resources from the
51MW Kit Carson windpower project near Burlington, Colorado, and the 30MW
Cimarron solar photovoltaic project in northeastern New Mexico, as well as
renewable energy projects developed locally by Tri-State Generation's member
cooperatives.Tri-State Generation is also doubling its funding for energy
efficiency programs in 2011 to $5 million. The programs, which support Tri-State
Generation's member cooperatives to deploy energy saving technologies, were
expanded for 2011 to include weatherization initiatives and new pilot programs
in commercial refrigeration, variable speed drives, submersible irrigation pumps
and real-time energy use customer feedback tools. In recent years, Tri-State
Generation has entered into contracts with other utilities and independent power
producers to obtain peaking and intermediate gas-fired capacity and energy
resources to meet growing member demand. Based on its current forecast,
Tri-State Generation does not foresee the need for additional large-scale
resources to meet the needs of its member cooperatives in the filing's six-year
resource acquisition period. However, given the long lead times required to
develop new generation resources, the association continues to analyze multiple
resource options that could meet its long-term resource needs. Tri-State
Generation's resource plan filing was developed over the past eight months with
significant public input and review. In preparing the plan, Tri-State Generation
held several public participation meetings to receive comments from interested
parties and provide the opportunity for public comment on its draft plan. The
plan was ultimately reviewed and approved for filing by Tri-State Generation's
board of directors. The resource plan describes two dozen alternative resource
portfolios that were analyzed as part of the public participation process. The
alternative portfolios result from various combinations of growth rates,
commodity prices, electricity prices, levels of energy efficiency, levels of
renewable resources, capital costs and costs associated with carbon emissions.
The resource plan filing is an informative process that provides Tri-State
Generation with a solid framework for future business decisions. Given the
uncertainties in the regulatory arena, energy markets and technology
advancements, these factors â[#x20ac]" as well as other business opportunities,
circumstances and risks â[#x20ac]" could lead Tri-State Generation to pursue
resource options that were not modeled in any of the portfolios, the company
said.


Duke Energy Announces Completion Of Kit Carson Wind Power Project In Eastern
Colorado, US

Nov 29, 2010

Duke Energy Corporation (Duke Energy) has announced that its Kit Carson wind
power project in eastern Colorado is now on line and producing electricity. All
of the output from the Kit Carson site will serve customers of Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association, Inc.'s member electric cooperatives and
public power districts through a 20-year power purchase agreement.The company
said that Kit Carson consists of 34 General Electric wind turbines capable of
producing 1.5MW each, for a total of 51MW. Construction at the 6,000-acre wind
farm northwest of Burlington, Colorado, began earlier in 2010 and the facility
achieved commercial operation on November 19, 2010.


Colorado PUC Recommends CPCN For San Luis Valley-Calumet-Comanche Transmission
Project In US

Nov 23, 2010

The Colorado Public Utilities Commission (Colorado PUC) has recommended the
granting of a certificate of public convenience and necessity (CPCN) for the San
Luis Valley-Calumet-Comanche transmission project. A Colorado PUC's
administrative law judge recommended the granting on November 19, 2010. The
transmission project is a proposed joint partnership between Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation) and Xcel
Energy Inc. (Xcel Energy).The administrative law judge's recommended decision
will now be analyzed by two of the Colorado PUC's commissioners, who will
subsequently issue an initial decision and then a final decision, on whether to
grant the utilities' CPCN application. The CPCN affirms there is a purpose and
need for the project, but does not identify the specific route the line would
take.Terry Bote, spokesman of Colorado PUC, said: "The decision essentially
grants Xcel Energy and Tri-State Generation the authority to build the project
and states they have met their burden of proof that it is in the public
interest." Tri-State Generation and Xcel Energy will now have to collaborate
with local authorities and landowners to work out route details for the project.
Tri-State Generation must also gain environmental approvals from the Rural
Utilities Service (RUS), from which funds will be used for the project. Joel
Bladow, senior vice president of transmission of Tri-State Generation, said:
"Tri-State Generation is pleased with the decision and confident the proposed
project best serves the residents, businesses, farmers and ranchers of southern
Colorado by providing access to a reliable supply of electricity, while
facilitating the development of renewable energy." The project builds on
Tri-State Generation's previously proposed San Luis Valley electric system
improvement project. In 2007, Tri-State Generation was planning lines from San
Luis Valley to Walsenburg to strengthen the region's electric system, increase
reliability for its two electric cooperatives in the region â[#x20ac]" San Luis
Valley Rural Electric Cooperative (Monte Vista, Colorado) and San Isabel
Electric Association (Pueblo West, Colorado) â[#x20ac]" and support renewable
energy development. That same year, Xcel Energy began planning for transmission
projects to better serve renewable energy zones established by Senate Bill 100.
The new joint project addresses both utilities' goals and provides additional
transmission system improvements in southern Colorado. The applications to the
Colorado PUC follow the two power suppliers' agreement in October 2008 to
jointly pursue transmission in the Colorado Coordinated Planning Group, a
consortium of utilities and other stakeholders that jointly explore the
development of a coordinated transmission network.


Tri-State Generation Begins Commercial Operation Of Cimarron Solar Project's
First Module Of 10MW

Oct 25, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association Inc. (Tri-State Generation)
has announced that its Cimarron solar project's first module of 10MW has
officially began commercial operation on October 13, 2010. The 30MW PV facility
is currently under construction in northeastern New Mexico.The 250-acre plant
site, which is located within the service territory of Tri-State Generation
member system Springer Electric Cooperative, is scheduled to be brought into
commercial service in 10MW blocks. Scott Fernau, senior transmission project
manager at Tri-State Generation, said: "Right now we're anticipating that the
second 10MW at Cimarron will begin commercial operation by the end of October
2010 and the final block of 10MW will go into service by mid-November 2010."The
51MW Kit Carson wind power project is also nearing its start-up phase as
Tri-State Generation's project field support, telecommunications, metering and
SCADA personnel work through the final phases of equipment testing at the
Landsman Creek substation, which will serve this eastern Colorado wind farm that
is owned and operated by Duke Energy Generation Services. Fernau added: "Once
the work is finalized next month at the substation we will be able to start back
feeding power to the Duke Energy wind site so that their construction crews can
complete their testing and commissioning of the project's 34 turbines for a
commercial start-up by December 1, 2010." The Kit Carson wind power project is
located on a 6,000 acre site about seven miles northwest of Burlington,
Colorado. It is located within the service territory of Tri-State Generation
member K.C. Electric Association, based in Hugo, Colorado.


Tri-State Generation's Cimarron I Solar Project In New Mexico Nears Completion

Sep 30, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association Inc.'s (Tri-State
Generation's) Cimarron I solar project development is on schedule and is likely
to be fully operational by the summer of 2011. The company has been working with
First Solar, Inc. (First Solar) and Southern Company to develop the 30MW solar
farm near Cimarron in New Mexico.The construction on the 250 acres plant was
commenced in late 2009 and the facility would be brought into on-line in three
10MW phases. Tri-State Generation will purchase the power produced at the plant
under a 25 year power purchase agreement and the electricity will be enough to
power around 9,000 homes. The plant operators are Southern Company and Turner
Renewable.Jim Van Someren, Tri-State Generation's communications manager, said:
Yes â[#x20ac]" everything is on schedule. In fact, late last week crews were
doing some testing and were actually generating electricity â[#x20ac]" about
1MW. The first 10MW scheduled to be available in early October. The second block
to come on-line in late October if all goes well.


Tri-State Approves 2011 Budgets With No Change In Rates For 2011

Sep 20, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State) has approved
the power supplier's 2011 operating and capital construction budgets, which
include significant investment in its transmission system to serve member loads
and support system reliability throughout Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming and
Nebraska.Ken Anderson, executive vice president and general manager of
Tri-State, said: "As a member-owned, not-for-profit utility, Tri-State remains
focused on affordably and responsibly serving our rural cooperatives' electric
needs. We continue to bolster reliability, ensure environmental performance and
invest in transmission and technology development that is key to our
future."Tri-State's 2011 capital construction budget includes $299 million for
projects, including $160 million in transmission investments. Tri-State's
10-year capital outlook for transmission estimates $1.2 billion in investments
to ensure the association can meet member needs across its four-state, 200,000
square-mile service territory. Anderson said: "We continue to place a
significant focus on transmission infrastructure, as it is vital to ensuring
rural communities' access to reliable and affordable electricity. A stronger
transmission network will also better connect future renewable and conventional
generating resources." Also included in the budget is $2.1 million specifically
for new technology research and development. The association is hosting a study
to integrate concentrated solar power with its coal-based Escalante station in
New Mexico, participating in an $11 million carbon sequestration assessment in
northwestern Colorado, as well as in several coal-based carbon capture and
sequestration projects. Anderson said: "Technology development is central to our
ability to manage greenhouse gas emissions. Through investment in research and
demonstration projects, we can help ensure affordable and responsible power for
the long term." While several other utilities in the region are implementing
rate increases, Tri-State's 2011 operating budget of $1.2 billion calls for its
wholesale rate to its member co-ops to remain stable â[#x20ac]" holding for the
third consecutive year at 6.5 cents per kWh. Rick Gordon, Tri-State's board
chairman, said: "In what continues to be a difficult financial and economic
environment for many of the association's members and the rural communities they
serve, Tri-State's ability to meet its obligations to deliver affordable and
reliable power, respond to increasing mandates and regulations, and pursue its
strategic initiatives without increasing rates is providing value to the
members." The majority of Tri-State's projected cost of service is allocated to
fixed cost items such as leases, taxes and financing expenses, and committed
costs which include fuel, contract and market purchases, and power delivery
costs. Anderson said: "Tri-State's capital and operating budgets not only
outline the expense and revenue requirements and capital investments necessary
to responsibly serve the needs of our 44 member co-ops, but they also are a
statement that we are addressing the issues and risks that shape how we will
continue to provide high-quality service while protecting affordability for our
members."


Tri-State Begins Construction Of Nucla-Sunshine Transmission Line Project In
Colorado, US

Jun 02, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State) has begun
the construction of 115kV Nucla-Sunshine transmission line project on June 1,
2010 in southwestern Colorado, US. The new 51-mile line is scheduled to be
completed and energized in 2012. The transmission line is needed to replace an
aging 69kV line between Nucla and Telluride that is owned by Tri-State member
cooperative San Miguel Power Association, Inc. (SMPA).The transmission line,
originally constructed in 1948, is at the end of its useful life, is vulnerable
to lightning strikes and is costly to maintain. Additionally, this line cannot
support the Telluride area's electric load during peak energy usage times if the
primary source of power serving the Telluride area from Durango is unavailable,
according to the company.Tri-State will own and operate the line the new 115kV
line that will replace the 69kV line. The old line will be removed and the new
line will be constructed, following some of the original alignment. Construction
during the remainder of 2010 will include: - Construction of transmission line
outside the Nucla Switchyard (Montrose County) to the Norwood substation (San
Miguel County). This will include 16 miles of transmission in Montrose County
and 3.8 miles in San Miguel Countyand - Trench installation for the underground
portions of the line at Specie Mesa and the west end of the West Wilson Mesa.
The new line will start at Tri-State's Nucla substation, located west of
Naturita, and will terminate at the Sunshine substation near Telluride. The
Nucla-Sunshine project encompasses about 50 miles of new line and transmission
facilities, including: - Construction of a new 19.9-mile-long, 115kV line from
the Nucla substation to the Norwood substation, across portions of Montrose and
San Miguel counties - Construction of a new 30.4-mile-long, 115kV transmission
line from the Norwood substation to the Sunshine substation near Mountain
Village on Ilium Road (aka South Fork Road). This will include 20.4 miles of
overhead line and 10 miles of underground line (across portions of Specie and
Wilson mesas in San Miguel County) - Expansion of the Norwood Substation on two
acres of private land - Rebuild of a substation located next to the existing
Wilson Mesa substation in San Miguel County - Modification of the existing Nucla
and Sunshine substationsand - SMPA will remove the Oak Hill substation on
Wrights Mesa and Specie Mesa substation, reclaiming the property to its original
state.


NREL Study Shows Power Grid Can Accommodate Large Increase In Wind And Solar
Generation

May 20, 2010

The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) has released an initial study
assessing the operational impacts and economics of increased contributions from
wind and solar energy producers on the power grid. The Western Wind and Solar
Integration Study examines the benefits and challenges of integrating enough
wind and solar energy capacity into the grid to produce 35% of its electricity
by 2017.The study finds that this target is technically feasible and does not
necessitate additional infrastructure, but does require key changes to current
operational practice. The results offer a first look at the issue of adding
significant amount of variable renewable energy in the West and will help
utilities across the region plan how to ramp up their production of renewable
energy as they incorporate more wind and solar energy plants into the power
grid.Debra Lew, project manager for the study at NREL, said: If key changes can
be made to standard operating procedures, our research shows that large amounts
of wind and solar can be incorporated onto the grid without a lot of backup
generation. When you coordinate the operations between utilities across a large
geographic area, you decrease the effect of the variability of wind and solar
energy sources, mitigating the unpredictability of Mother Nature. The study
focuses on the operational impacts of wind, photovoltaics, and concentrating
solar power on the power system operated by the WestConnect group of utilities
in the mountain and southwest states. WestConnect is a group of transmission
providers, which includes Arizona Public Service Co., El Paso Electric Co., NV
Energy, Inc., Public Service Company of New Mexico, Salt River Project,
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Cooperative, Tucson Electric Power Co.,
Western Area Power Administration, and Xcel Energy, Inc. Though wind and solar
output vary over time, the technical analysis performed in this study shows that
it is operationally possible to accommodate 30% wind and 5% solar energy
penetration. To accomplish such an increase, utilities will have to
substantially increase their coordination of operations over wider geographic
areas and schedule their generation deliveries, or sales, on a more frequent
basis. Currently generators provide a schedule for a specific amount of power
they will provide in the next hour. More frequent scheduling would allow
generators to adjust that amount of power based on changes in system conditions
such as increases or decreases in wind or solar generation. The study also finds
that if utilities generate 27% of their electricity from wind and solar energy
across the Western Interconnection grid, it would lower carbon emissions by
25-45%. It would also decrease fuel and emissions costs by 40%, depending on the
future price of natural gas. Other key findings from the study include: Existing
transmission capacity can be more fully utilized to reduce the amount of new
transmission that needs to be built To facilitate the integration of wind and
solar energy, coordinating the operations of utilities can provide substantial
savings by reducing the need for additional back-up generation, such as natural
gas-burning plantsand Use of wind and solar forecasts in utility operations to
predict when and where it will be windy and sunny is essential for
cost-effectively integrating these renewable energy sources The study was
undertaken by a team of wind, solar and power systems experts across both the
private and public sectors. The study complements the recently released Eastern
Wind Integration and Transmission Study, which examines the feasibility of
integrating up to 30% wind in the eastern states. Under the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act, the US Department of Energy is investing more than $26
million to further study the Western transmission interconnection, which will
help states, utilities, and grid operators prepare for future growth in energy
demand, renewable energy resources, and smart grid technologies.


Tri-State Reports Operating Revenues Of $1.16 Billion In 2009

Feb 26, 2010

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State) has reported
operating revenues of $1.16 billion for the year 2009, compared with the
operating revenues of $1.16 billion in the previous year. It has also reported
general and administrative expenses of $16.51 million for the year 2009,
compared with the general and administrative expenses of $11.58 million, in the
previous year.


Nexant To Conduct System-Wide Energy Efficiency Study For Tri-State Generation
And Transmission Association

Jul 16, 2009

Nexant, Inc. (Nexant) has been retained by Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association, Inc. (Tri-State) to assess the market potential for electric energy
savings in Tri-State's 250,00-square-mile service area. For Tri-State, Nexant
will determine the potential for enhancing energy load management and achieving
tangible, cost-effective energy efficiency savings that benefit the residential,
commercial, irrigation, and industrial customers within the association's
service territory.Nexant has designed, delivered, and managed many of the
demand-side management (DSM) and energy efficiency incentive programs in the
US.The scope of the Nexant assessment spans a 15-year period between 2010 and
2025. When completed, it will help Tri-State's energy efficiency and demand side
management planning efforts, enabling the association to assist its member
co-ops in identifying and developing more effective DSM and energy efficiency
incentive programs. This is a significant initiative for Tri-State, said Lowell
Stave, senior manager of member services and rates at Tri-State. It is an
important step to identify the potential for long-term energy and cost savings
on a comprehensive scale. For this assignment, Nexant is teamed with The Cadmus
Group, which will provide load research, forecasting, and other services to
support Nexant's overall assessment. Nexant plans to deliver the assessment to
Tri-State by the spring of 2010. Tri-State is a wholesale electric power
association owned by 44 electric cooperatives in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico,
and Wyoming. In addition to providing its member-owners with a reliable,
efficient, cost-based supply of electricity, Tri-State has an established track
record in helping its member cooperatives develop energy efficiency programs and
measures, enabling those members to offer energy efficiency incentives to their
customers. Nexant is a US-based energy software and consulting firm.


Duke Energy Constructs New Wind Energy Project In Eastern Colorado

Jul 06, 2009

Duke Energy Corporation (Duke Energy), a US-based electric power company, is
building a new wind energy project in eastern Colorado and has closed its
acquisition of a Pennsylvania wind farm. The company will develop the 51
megawatt (MW) Kit Carson windpower project on about 6,000 acres of land under
long-term lease near Burlington, Colorado. The Kit Carson project will consist
of 34 GE wind turbines, each capable of generating 1.5 MW of electricity.The Kit
Carson project is named after the famed American frontiersman and the county
where the project will be located. As a result of a 20-year power purchase
agreement, the project will supply clean, renewable energy to customers of the
44 electric cooperatives that comprise the Tri-State Generation and Transmission
Association. The project is expected to enter commercial operation by the end of
2010.The Kit Carson Windpower Project fits perfectly with our sustainable
business approach â[#x20ac]" it makes sense for people, the planet and profits,
said Wouter van Kempen, president of Duke Energy Generation Services (DEGS), a
business unit of Duke Energy that owns and develops renewable energy assets. The
Kit Carson project will consist of 34 GE wind turbines, each capable of
generating 1.5 MW of electricity. To construct the wind farm, Duke Energy will
draw upon the supply of turbines it arranged to purchase from GE in September
2008. We're proud to be partnering with Duke Energy on our first utility-scale
wind power project, said Ken Anderson, Tri-State executive vice president and
general manager. The project will further diversify our resource mix, bring
value to our member cooperatives, and support jobs and investment in the rural
areas our members serve. Although the Kit Carson project will be Duke Energy's
first in Colorado, the company already has a wind power presence in the region.
The company brought the 29-MW Happy Jack windpower project in Cheyenne, Wyoming,
on line in September 2008. The 42-MW Silver Sage Windpower Project, also in
Cheyenne, and the 99-MW Campbell Hill windpower project near Casper are expected
to be in commercial operation later this year. The close of Duke Energy's
acquisition of the 70-MW North Allegheny Windpower Project in Pennsylvania
brings the company its first commercial wind farm in the eastern US Duke Energy
purchased the project from wind turbine manufacturer and project developer
Gamesa Energy USA. The North Allegheny project consists of 35 Gamesa wind
turbines, each capable of producing two megawatts of electricity. The wind farm
will generate enough energy to power approximately 18,000 homes. Final
commissioning of the North Allegheny project, located in Blair and Cambria
counties, Pennsylvania. â[#x20ac]" roughly 95 miles east of Pittsburgh
â[#x20ac]" is under way. With the acquisition comes a 23.5-year power purchase
agreement to sell all of the output from the wind project and associated
renewable energy credits to FirstEnergy. The site will begin generating clean,
renewable electricity for FirstEnergy later this year. We're fortunate that we
can rely on Duke Energy's financial strength and its commitment to renewable
power as we seize opportunities like this to grow our wind energy business, said
van Kempen. Duke Energy has more than 500 MW of wind-powered generation projects
in operation â[#x20ac]" a figure that will rise to more than 700 MW by the end
of 2009. The company also has an additional 5,000 MW in potential development
projects.


Tri-State Signs 20 Year Agreement With DEGS To Purchase Output Of 51 MW Wind
Farm

Jul 06, 2009

Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State) has signed a
20 year agreement with Duke Energy Generation Services (DEGS), a business unit
of Duke Energy Corporation, to purchase the output of a new 51 megawatt (MW)
wind farm to be built in east-central Colorado. The Kit Carson wind power
project, named for the county in which it will be sited, will be comprised of 34
1.5 MW General Electric turbines.Tri-State has signed agreement, in keeping with
its efforts to diversify its resource portfolio to meet the power requirements
of its 44 member distribution cooperatives.This wind power project is an
important part of our near-term strategy to diversify our portfolio with
renewable resource that complement our fleet of baseload generation, said Ken
Anderson, Tri-State's executive vice president and general manager. It also
keeps us ahead of targets to meet renewable energy standards on behalf of our
member co-ops.34 General Electric turbines will be erected on a 6,000-acre site
northwest of Burlington, Colorado, within the service territory of Tri-State
member co-op K.C. Electric Association. We are glad that Tri-State has chosen
this site for its new wind farm, said John Huppert, general manager of K.C.
Electric. It calls attention to the fact that areas served by the region's
electric cooperatives are ideally suited for the development of renewable
resource projects. The Kit Carson Windpower Project will generate reliable
energy, create clean-energy jobs and provide long-term economic benefits for Kit
Carson County, Colorado Governor Bill Ritter said. This is another important
step forward for Colorado's New Energy Economy and will be a boon for the
Eastern Plains, which are blessed with rich and abundant wind resources. I
congratulate Tri-State and Duke Energy for taking this innovative step forward
and helping Colorado to continue building our New Energy Economy.Duke Energy is
pleased to be able to help Tri-State bring clean, renewable wind power to the
customers of its member cooperatives, said David Marks, senior vice president
for wind energy at DEGS.No new transmission facilities will be required to the
Tri-State systemthe wind project will be directly connected to an existing
Tri-State 230-kilovolt line between substations located near the towns of Limon
and Burlington.Being able to connect to our existing transmission system helps
get the project online within 18 months, Anderson said. We'll continue to invest
in new transmission resources that will support further development of renewable
energy projects.Duke Energy will construct, own, operate and provide all
maintenance services on the facility, which is scheduled to be in service by the
end of 2010. Construction will begin in June 2010 with a workforce of about 150
people on site during the peak construction period. A permanent staff of four to
eight technicians will operate the wind farm.The wind project is the second
utility-scale renewable energy development to be announced by Tri-State this
year. In March 2009, Tri-State and Tempe, Arizona-based First Solar, Inc.
entered into an agreement to develop a 30 MW solar generating facility in
northeast New Mexico. Construction of that facility is scheduled to start in
April 2010it is expected to be fully operational at the same time as the Kit
Carson wind power project.Based in the Denver suburb of Westminster, Tri-State
is the wholesale power supplier to 44 electric cooperatives and public power
districts in Colorado, Wyoming, New Mexico and Nebraska. The member distribution
systems serve nearly 593,000 consumer-meters, which translates to a population
of around 1.4 million end-use consumers.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017
