



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Friday, March 31, 2017  18:18:10 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (Value Added Producer Grants)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

Value-Added Producer Grants available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


July 09--CHAMPAIGN -- Applications are being accepted for U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development program grants.

The grants provide financial assistance to independent producers, farmer and
rancher cooperatives, majority-controlled producer-based business ventures and
agricultural producer groups through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

Last year, Willow Bend Alpaca Farms LLC, near Forreston, was one of the six
Illinois Value-Added Producer Grant recipients.

The farm is using its grant for working capital to create and market a clothing
line made from alpaca fiber.

The business currently raises, breeds and sells alpaca. The grant has helped
them to create a winter line of clothing made primarily from alpaca fiber
produced on the farm and to distribute it through retail outlets in northern
Illinois.

Value-added products are created when a producer increases the consumer value of
an agricultural commodity in the production or processing stage. Rural
Development provides value-added planning grants of up to $100,000 for
activities, such as creating business plans, feasibility studies and marketing
plans. Working capital grants up to $300,000 are available for expenses such as
labor, inventory, office equipment and fees for marketing and consulting.
Recipients must match the grants dollar for dollar.

The application deadline is Aug. 29. Visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.
html or call Matt Harris at 217-403-6211 for more information about eligibility
rules and application procedures.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110709-YG-Value-Added-Producer-Grants-available-0709-20110709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Value-Added Producer grants available

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of
nearly $10.5 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help
agricultural producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a
competitive business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs -- both directly
and indirectly," Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The Value Added
Producer Grant program demonstrates USDA's commitment to help an ag-producer's
small business with financial support to expand their profit margin with the
increased sale of their products. For example, the funding helps ag producers
add value to their products by funding the facility to turn tomatoes and
jalapecos into salsa, or even converting methane from animal waste to generate
energy."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. Small Business Saturday is
this week.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting value
-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

For example in fiscal year 2012, Preferred Produce a farm located in Luna County
received a $49,500 Value Added Producer Grant to provide a higher quality
vegetable to a much larger segment of the local population at a low cost. The
farm also provides high nutrition vegetables to local area school children. At
the same time the Preferred Produce farm provides increased food safety for its
customers by delivering fresh vegetables to its consumers within 8 hours of
harvest.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the Nov. 25thhttp://gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR
-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by contacting any USDA Rural
Development state office.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Value Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 880  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that USDA is making up to $44
million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new bio-based
products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer Grant program.





    "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



   USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I strongly
encourage rural Maine agricultural producers to apply for this useful program,
which can help provide an advantage in marketing or producing a value-added
agricultural product. This type of rural Maine innovation leads to job creation
and supports the local economy."



    Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



    More information on how to apply is on page 20607 of the April 8 Federal
Register. The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016. Electronic
applications submitted through grants.gov are due June 24, 2016. For questions
or more information on how to apply, please contact Rural Development Business
Programs Specialist Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or brian.wilson@me.usda.gov





 Request a letter of support from Congresswoman Pingree



   Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer Grants nationwide
totaling $144.7 million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and
ranchers nationwide.



   Value-Added Producer Grants are a key element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop
local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack describes the cultivation of
local and regional food systems as one of the four pillars of rural economic
development that impacts farm family income and strengthens local economies.
Under Secretary Vilsack, USDA has supported providing consumers a stronger
connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000
local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since between
2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12
billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on Medium.



    Two examples of previously awarded Maine recipients of the Value-Added
Producer Grant Program from 2015 are:



 &middot;         Aroostook Hops, LLC, located in Westfield received a Value
-Added Producer Grant in the amount of $24,413. Funds were used to pay for labor
costs and to purchase consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh
hops and to package the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled
Mylar bags as well as for marketing and promotional expenses.



 &middot;         Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat Farm, located in Acton received
a Value-Added Producer Grant in the amount of $125,000. Funds were be used to
pay for packaging materials, labor costs and marketing expenses associated with
increasing production as well as hiring personnel to do routine tasks such as
cheese room cleaning, packaging, making deliveries to established retail outlets
and restaurants, selling cheese at farmers markets, and bookkeeping.



    Congress increased funding for the Value-Added program in the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.



    Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested $11 billion to start or
expand 103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities; financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and
distribution lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6
million rural residents and businesses.



      USDA Rural Development has Area Offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a State Office, located in Bangor. There
are

 54 employees working to deliver the agency's Housing, Business, and Community
Programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, and farmers, and improve the quality of life
in rural Maine.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

USDA Value-Added Producer grants for Arizona producers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 665  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of nearly $10.5
million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a competitive
business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs - both directly
and indirectly, "Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. This year's Small Business
Saturday is Nov. 30.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting value
-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the November 25 http://www.gpo.
gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by
contacting any USDA Rural Development state office.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as the Value-Added Producer Grant program for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

Changes made to Value-Added Producer Grant Program

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


March 05--WASHINGTON -- The United States Department of Agriculture has
announced changes to its Value-Added Producer Grant Program. The changes will
provide additional opportunities for beginning and socially disadvantaged
farmers.

They also will help independent producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives,
agricultural producer groups, and will support local and regional supply
networks.

The regulations address program changes included in the 2008 Farm Bill. These
revisions include:

-- Provide up to 10 percent funding to beginner farmers and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers;

-- Provide up to 10 percent funding to local and/or regional supply networks
that link producers with companies marketing their products;

-- Give priority for grants to beginner farmers, socially disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized              family
farms;

-- Extend grant eligibility to producers who market their food products within
their state or within a 400-mile radius.

The changes take effect on March 25. In addition to the rule changes, USDA Rural
Development is soliciting comments on the interim rule and the best way to
facilitate the participation of tribal entities and tribal governments in the
Value-Added Producer Grant program.

For information on how to submit comments, see page 10090 of the Feb. 23 Federal
Register.

Willow Bend Alpaca Farms LLC near Forreston was a 2010 grant recipient. Willow
Bend is a beginning farmer operation that is using the grant for working capital
to create and market a clothing line made from alpaca fiber.

The business raises, breeds and sells alpaca. It is creating a line of clothing
made primarily from alpaca fiber produced on the farm and distributing it
through northern Illinois retail outlets.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110305-YG-Changes-made-to-Value-Added-Producer-Grant
-Program-0305-20110305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers
Increase the Value of Their Products

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making up to $44
million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new bio-based
products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer Grant program.





 "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



 Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



 More information on how to apply is on page 20607 of the April 8 Federal
Register. The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016. Electronic
applications submitted through grants.gov are due June 24, 2016. Additional
information and assistance is available through the USDA Rural Development
Office serving your county.



 Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $144.7
million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and ranchers.



 Value-Added Producer Grants are a key element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop local
and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack describes the cultivation of local
and regional food systems as one of the four pillars of rural economic
development that impacts farm family income and strengthens local economies.
Under Secretary Vilsack, USDA has supported providing consumers a stronger
connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000
local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since between
2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12
billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IVThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. of
USDA Results on MediumThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 Two examples of Value-Added Producer Grant awards from 2015 include:



     Shoshone-Bannock Enterprises in Fort Hall, Idaho, received a $75,000 grant
to conduct a feasibility study on processing, packaging and marketing buffalo
meat, a first step in identifying potential new market opportunities.

     Sappa Valley Poultry in Oberlin, Kan., received a $49,663 grant to expand
distribution of their free-range chicken products into eastern Colorado and
western Kansas markets.



 Congress increased funding for the Value-Added program in the 2014 Farm Bill.
That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested $11 billion to start or expand
103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution
lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2014

USDA funding supports agriculture entrepreneurs to turn commodities into value
-added products

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 721  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today highlighted the importance of rural
entrepreneurs to the U.S. economy and announced investments to help rural
businesses grow, diversify and create jobs. USDA is investing $25 million to
help 247 businesses nationwide expand their operations and create new products
to market, Secretary Vilsack said today during a visit to Miles Smith Farm in
Loudon, N.H., a recipient of one of the grants.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

"The funding we are announcing today will have far-reaching, positive impacts in
rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "The investments will help
businesses create new products, expand their operations, and support local and
regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this program to provide even
more of these opportunities."

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million. Twenty percent of the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been
awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. The 2014 Farm Bill increases
mandatory funding for the program from $15 million to $63 million over five
years (while also reauthorizing an additional $40 million in discretionary
funding).

The grants can be used for a wide range of purposes. They can support local and
regional food systems, further the development of the growing bioeconomy, and
finance the distribution of local and regional products.

For example, Miles Smith Farm LLC in Loudon, N.H., has been selected for a
$127,732 Value-Added Producer Grant to market and produce burgers made from 55
percent grass-fed beef and 45 percent organically raised pork. By mixing ground
pork with extra-lean, grass-fed ground beef, the farm can produce a burger with
the ideal fat and flavor levels that grass-fed ground beef does not have alone.
Miles Smith Farm's owner calls the mix "the burger that squeals with flavor."
Value-Added Producer Grants often help business develop markets for niche and
specialty products.

In neighboring Vermont, North Hollow Farm LLC, in Rochester, is receiving a
$161,204 grant to expand processing and marketing of grass-fed beef and natural
meats. Farmie Market Online LLC in Rensselaerville, N.Y., has been selected for
a $24,490 grant to expand its online presence for 16 small farmers who produce a
broad range of fresh foods that are aggregated and sold online, expanding their
customer base.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and regional
food systems. Previous Value-Added Producer Grants supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass.

USDA is awarding Value-Added Producer Grants in 46 states, Puerto Rico and
Micronesia. A full list of recipients is available here. Funding for each
project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

The announcement of today's funding was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical re-search; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Aberdeen Times


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Announces $25 Million for Agricultural Entrepreneurs to Turn
Commodities into Value-Added Products

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today highlighted the importance of rural
entrepreneurs to the U.S. economy and announced investments to help rural
businesses grow, diversify and create jobs. USDA is investing $25 million to
help 247 businesses nationwide expand their operations and create new products
to market, Secretary Vilsack said today during a visit to Miles Smith Farm in
Loudon, N.H., a recipient of one of the grants.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

"The funding we are announcing today will have far-reaching, positive impacts in
rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "The investments will help
businesses create new products, expand their operations, and support local and
regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this program to provide even
more of these opportunities."

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million. Twenty percent of the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been
awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. The 2014 Farm Bill increases
mandatory funding for the program from $15 million to $63 million over five
years (while also reauthorizing an additional $40 million in discretionary
funding).

The grants can be used for a wide range of purposes. They can support local and
regional food systems, further the development of the growing bioeconomy, and
finance the distribution of local and regional products.

For example, Miles Smith Farm LLC in Loudon, N.H., has been selected for a
$127,732 Value-Added Producer Grant to market and produce burgers made from 55
percent grass-fed beef and 45 percent organically raised pork. By mixing ground
pork with extra-lean, grass-fed ground beef, the farm can produce a burger with
the ideal fat and flavor levels that grass-fed ground beef does not have alone.
Miles Smith Farm's owner calls the mix "the burger that squeals with flavor."
Value-Added Producer Grants often help business develop markets for niche and
specialty products.

In neighboring Vermont, North Hollow Farm LLC, in Rochester, is receiving a
$161,204 grant to expand processing and marketing of grass-fed beef and natural
meats. FarmieMarket Online LLC in Rensselaerville, N.Y., has been selected for a
$24,490 grant to expand its online presence for 16 small farmers who produce a
broad range of fresh foods that are aggregated and sold online, expanding their
customer base.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and regional
food systems. Previous Value-Added Producer Grants supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass.

USDA is awarding Value-Added Producer Grants in 46 states, Puerto Rico and
Micronesia. A full list of recipients is available here. Funding for each
project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

The announcement of today's funding was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://gov.nv.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Announces $25 Million for Agricultural Entrepreneurs to Turn
Commodities into Value-Added Products

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today highlighted the importance of rural
entrepreneurs to the U.S. economy and announced investments to help rural
businesses grow, diversify and create jobs. USDA is investing $25 million to
help 247 businesses nationwide expand their operations and create new products
to market, Secretary Vilsack said today during a visit to Miles Smith Farm in
Loudon, N.H., a recipient of one of the grants.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

"The funding we are announcing today will have far-reaching, positive impacts in
rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "The investments will help
businesses create new products, expand their operations, and support local and
regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this program to provide even
more of these opportunities."

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million. Twenty percent of the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been
awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. The 2014 Farm Bill increases
mandatory funding for the program from $15 million to $63 million over five
years (while also reauthorizing an additional $40 million in discretionary
funding).

The grants can be used for a wide range of purposes. They can support local and
regional food systems, further the development of the growing bioeconomy, and
finance the distribution of local and regional products.

For example, Miles Smith Farm LLC in Loudon, N.H., has been selected for a
$127,732 Value-Added Producer Grant to market and produce burgers made from 55
percent grass-fed beef and 45 percent organically raised pork. By mixing ground
pork with extra-lean, grass-fed ground beef, the farm can produce a burger with
the ideal fat and flavor levels that grass-fed ground beef does not have alone.
Miles Smith Farm's owner calls the mix "the burger that squeals with flavor."
Value-Added Producer Grants often help business develop markets for niche and
specialty products.

In neighboring Vermont, North Hollow Farm LLC, in Rochester, is receiving a
$161,204 grant to expand processing and marketing of grass-fed beef and natural
meats. FarmieMarket Online LLC in Rensselaerville, N.Y., has been selected for a
$24,490 grant to expand its online presence for 16 small farmers who produce a
broad range of fresh foods that are aggregated and sold online, expanding their
customer base.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and regional
food systems. Previous Value-Added Producer Grants supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass.

USDA is awarding Value-Added Producer Grants in 46 states, Puerto Rico and
Micronesia. A full list of recipients is available here. Funding for each
project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

The announcement of today's funding was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces $25 Million for Agricultural Entrepreneurs to Turn
Commodities into Value-Added Products

LENGTH: 746  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today highlighted the importance of rural
entrepreneurs to the U.S. economy and announced investments to help rural
businesses grow, diversify and create jobs. USDA is investing $25 million to
help 247 businesses nationwide expand their operations and create new products
to market, Secretary Vilsack said today during a visit to Miles Smith Farm in
Loudon, N.H., a recipient of one of the grants.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

"The funding we are announcing today will have far-reaching, positive impacts in
rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "The investments will help
businesses create new products, expand their operations, and support local and
regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this program to provide even
more of these opportunities."

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million. Twenty percent of the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been
awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. The 2014 Farm Bill increases
mandatory funding for the program from $15 million to $63 million over five
years (while also reauthorizing an additional $40 million in discretionary
funding).

The grants can be used for a wide range of purposes. They can support local and
regional food systems, further the development of the growing bioeconomy, and
finance the distribution of local and regional products.

For example, Miles Smith Farm LLC in Loudon, N.H., has been selected for a
$127,732 Value-Added Producer Grant to market and produce burgers made from 55
percent grass-fed beef and 45 percent organically raised pork. By mixing ground
pork with extra-lean, grass-fed ground beef, the farm can produce a burger with
the ideal fat and flavor levels that grass-fed ground beef does not have alone.
Miles Smith Farm's owner calls the mix "the burger that squeals with flavor."
Value-Added Producer Grants often help business develop markets for niche and
specialty products.

In neighboring Vermont, North Hollow Farm LLC, in Rochester, is receiving a
$161,204 grant to expand processing and marketing of grass-fed beef and natural
meats. FarmieMarket Online LLC in Rensselaerville, N.Y., has been selected for a
$24,490 grant to expand its online presence for 16 small farmers who produce a
broad range of fresh foods that are aggregated and sold online, expanding their
customer base.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and regional
food systems. Previous Value-Added Producer Grants supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass.

USDA is awarding Value-Added Producer Grants in 46 states, Puerto Rico and
Micronesia. A full list of recipients is available here. Funding for each
project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

The announcement of today's funding was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
the quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Ag News from USDA Rural Development - July 1st Deadline to Apply for
Value-Added Producer Grant

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.





 The VAPG program helps independent producers and agricultural producer groups,
farmer-or-rancher-cooperatives, and majority-controlled producer-based business
ventures enter into value-added activities related to the processing and/or
marketing of bio-based value-added products.  Generating new products, creating
and expanding marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the
goals of this program.



 Value-added processing and marketing helps farmers and ranchers receive a
higher portion of the retail dollar.  Value-Added Producer Grants support
planning activities, such as developing a business plan, as well as working
capital.



 Grants are awarded through a national competition.  The maximum grant amount
for planning grants is $75,000 and $250,000 for working capital grants.
Matching resources are required.



 The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Westfield venture nets federal grant

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: WESTFIELD


- A growing hops business is among four companies in Maine to receive grant
funding from USDA Rural Development.


Rural agricultural businesses located in Livermore, Waldoboro, Westfield, and
Acton will receive Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $247,702 to boost their
production efforts, announced Rural Development Deputy Undersecretary Vernita F.
Dore recently.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, of Westfield has been selected to receive a grant in the
amount of $24,413. Funds will be used to pay for labor costs and to purchase
consumable supplies to produce pelletized hops from fresh hops and to package
the pellets in nitrogen-flushed, vacuum-sealed, labeled Mylar bags as well as
for marketing and promotional expenses.


The funding comes from USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant
program.


"This funding will enable farmers and ranchers to develop new products, improve
the bottom line for their operations and help create a robust local and regional
food system," Dore said. "Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable
ag producers to grow their business through diversification. USDA's support is
especially important for beginning farmers and smaller farm operations."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This investment by
USDA Rural Development supports the innovation and vision of these four rural
Maine agricultural entrepreneurs who are looking to expand marketing
opportunities for their value-added agricultural products. These grants will
help contribute to the long-term sustainability of each business and aid in
retaining and creating jobs in Maine."


According to the USDA, these grants can be used to develop new agricultural
products or additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are
given priority when applying for the money.


The actual funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.


Also awarded were Century Elm Farms, dba Boothby's Orchard and Farm of
Livermore; Maine Top Mill, LLC, of Waldoboro; and Cara Sammons, dba Flying Goat
Farm, located in Acton.


Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million. Approximately 18 percent of the grants and 14 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During 2015, more than
one-third of the awards went to farmers and ranchers developing products for the
local foods sector.


Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.


USDA Rural Development has area offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

USDA offers grants to help ag producers

BYLINE: Lorna Hart, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


April 18--OHIO VALLEY -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA
is making up to $44 million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to
develop new bio-based products and expand markets through the Value-Added
Producer grant program.

"America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."

The grants may be used to develop new products and create additional uses for
existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to veterans, members of
socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, and operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches. Additional priority is given
to applicants who seek funding for projects that will create or increase
marketing opportunities for these types of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer grants totaling $144.7
million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and ranchers and are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the department's work to develop local and regional food systems.

Vilsack describes the cultivation of local and regional food systems as one of
the four pillars of rural economic development that impacts farm family income
and strengthens local economies. His office has supported providing consumers a
stronger connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to
more than 40,000 local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects
since between 2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled
at least $12 billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008.

Two examples of Value-Added Producer grant awards from 2015 include:
Shoshone-Bannock Enterprises in Fort Hall, Idaho, received a $75,000 grant to
conduct a feasibility study on processing, packaging and marketing buffalo meat,
a first step in identifying potential new market opportunities. Sappa Valley
Poultry in Oberlin, Kan., received a $49,663 grant to expand distribution of
their free-range chicken products into eastern Colorado and western Kansas
markets.

Congress increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill, a law that
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six years.
According to the USDA, the bill also served to achieve meaningful reform,
resulting in billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.

More information on how to apply is in April 8 federal register. The deadline to
submit paper applications is July 1. Electronic applications submitted through
grants.gov are due June 24. Additional information and assistance is available
through the USDA Rural Development office serving your county.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Sentinel (Pomeroy, Ohio) Visit The Daily Sentinel
(Pomeroy, Ohio) at www.mydailysentinel.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160418-UO-USDA-offers-grants-to-help-ag-producers-0418-20160418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                Copyright 2016 The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Harkin Announces More Than $434,000 in Producer Grants to Assist Value- Added
Businesses and Communities in Iowa

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Harkin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator Tom Harkin (D-IA) today announced that six farmer owned businesses in
Iowa have been awarded grants totaling $434,410 from the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program. The
program helps agricultural producers grow their businesses by turning raw
commodities into value-added products, expanding marketing opportunities and
developing new uses for existing products.  The grants will help these Iowa
businesses expand, diversify, create jobs, and improve the quality of life in
rural communities.  Harkin is a senior member of both the Appropriations
subcommittee that funds the USDA as well as the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition,
and Forestry Committee. As Chairman of the Senate agriculture committee during
the 2002 and 2008 farm bills, Harkin oversaw the continuation, strengthening,
and funding of the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

"These grants will help Iowa producers grow their value-added businesses while
also boosting the economy, creating jobs, and increasing the availability of
high-quality, nutritious locally grown and processed foods for consumers," said
Harkin. "I am pleased that this assistance will help local producers to enhance
economic opportunities, as well as the quality of life and well-being for Iowa
farm producers, consumers and rural communities."

For further information please visit: http://www.harkin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Pair of local businesses win $250,000 grants

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Nov. 13--TRAVERSE CITY -- Brengman Brothers LLC and Gallagher's Vineyard and
Winery Corp. each will receive a $250,000 grant from the United States
Department of Agriculture.

The USDA Rural Development's Value-Added Producer Grant program awarded nearly
$34 million to 258 businesses across the nation. Eight recipients in Michigan
received a total of $851,030 from the program.

Rural Development Deputy Under Secretary Vernita F. Dore said in a release that
the funding will help farmers and ranchers develop new products, improve their
operations' bottom lines and help grow a robust local and regional food system.

She said Value-Added Producer Grants provide capital to enable agricultural
producers to grow their business through diversification. The USDA's support is
especially important for new farmers and smaller farm operations, she said.

Value-Added Producer Grants can be used to develop new agricultural products or
additional markets for existing ones. Military veterans, socially-disadvantaged
and beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and medium-sized family
farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher cooperatives are given priority when
applying for these grants.

Gallagher's Vineyard and Winery Corp., of Cedar, was granted $250,000 for
working capital to turn 15 acres of grapes into wine and open a tasting room.

Brengman Brothers LLC, of Traverse City, was granted $250,000 in working capital
to open a second tasting room, in Grand Rapids, with a food pairing option.

Campbell Milarch LLC, of Copemish will receive $19,300 in Rural Development
planning grant funds to be used to develop a business plan, marketing plan and
feasibility study for its "truly Michigan" vinifera vine business.

Leelanau Fruit Company of Suttons Bay, will receive $5,015 to conduct a
feasibility study on of a new market expansion of maraschino cherries.

Funding of each award is contingent on the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,115 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $154
million.

Rural Development helped 84 agricultural producers carry out local foods
projects in 2014 through almost $8.9 million in Value-Added Producer Grant
awards.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151113-ZK-Pair-of-local-businesses-win-250,000-grants-1113-20151113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Duluth produce famers get federal grant

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 190 words


Feb. 08--The Duluth Market Gardeners and Berry Association has been awarded an
$18,986 grant from the Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development.

The Value-Added Producer Grant, announced Tuesday by U.S. Sens. Al Franken and
Amy Klobuchar, will be used for a study of the feasibility of a formal farmers
cooperative made up of the independent producers at the Duluth Farmers Market.

The grants are awarded to agricultural producers to help them develop businesses
that can make and sell value-added products. Value-added products are created
when a producer increases the consumer value of an agricultural commodity in the
production or processing stage. For example, a farmer who turns strawberries
into strawberry jam has created a value-added product.

"This support will help develop local markets and ensure that Duluth's family
farmers and producers can continue to grow their businesses well into the
future," Klobuchar said in a statement announcing the grant.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120208-DU-BRF-Duluth-produce-famers-get-federal-grant-0208-20120208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Dudley farm receives USDA grant

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110 grants to
agricultural producers and rural businesses.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

The awardees were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer
Grants. The grants help agricultural producers increase their income by
expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses
for existing products.

James Koebke of Dudley will use a $48,000 grant for a feasibility study for the
development of a farmstead creamery to process and distribute specialty cheeses
and yogurts at an established family dairy farm.

The farm has been part of the Koebke family since 1910. The current farm
includes a farm stand, and the Koebkes have recently developed a creamery, which
will process milk into specialty cheeses and yogurt.

The family is highly regarded in the region and is expanding dairy operations to
include value-added products.

In addition to the study, the Koebkes will help develop a business plan, food
safety plan and marketing plan. The products will not only be sold at the stand
but they intend to expand into local retailers and specialty shops. It is also
anticipated that three new full-time jobs will be created.

"Our Massachusetts dairy farmers have a great opportunity to be more viable,
preserve more working landscapes, and create more jobs when we develop more
outlets for value-added dairy products. This grant will assist Koebke Farms in
joining other local dairies that have successfully transitioned to more
profitable retail-oriented product," said Jay Healy, MA/CT/RI Rural Development
State Director.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyfcompassmap.htm .

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110
grants to agricultural producers and rural businesses. "This support will
benefit rural businesses and the communities where the recipients are located,"
Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's goals to develop a
bio-based economy and support local and regional food systems." The awardees
were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer Grants. The grants
help agricultural producers increase their income by expanding marketing
opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses for existing
products.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 20, 2012 Monday

USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers Bring
Increased the Value to Their Products

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack met with invited agricultural
producers to apply for grants to increase the value of their products during a
meeting last week.

"Producers can greatly enhance the bottom line of their businesses and improve
their economic prospects when they improve the value of their products, thus
expanding their markets and customer base," Vilsack said. "The Value Added
Producer Grant program (VAPG) has a proven track record of doing just that and I
am pleased to announce that we are inviting producers to apply for these grants.
" The program funds agricultural producers in generating new products, creating
and expanding market opportunities, and increasing producer income.

Nationwide, this USDA Rural Development program is making up to $14 million in
grants available for VAPG. The grants, which are competitively awarded, are
available for planning activities or for working capital (not equipment)
expenses, but not for both. The maximum grant amount is $100,000 for planning
grants and $300,000 for working capital grants. Applicants have until October
15, 2012 to apply.

Eligible projects include those where the agricultural product 1) Has undergone
a change in physical state (making salsa, where the applicant raised most of the
chilies in the salsa); 2) Was produced in a manner that enhances its value
(organics); 3) Is physically segregated; 4) Is a source of farm- or ranch-based
renewable energy, including E-85; OR 5) Is aggregated and marketed as a locally
produced agricultural food product (the grant could pay for salaries or
utilities, for example, for a project of marketing raw agricultural commodities
locally).

Last year, Preferred Produce, a certified organic farm south of Deming, New
Mexico received a $49,550 VAPG from USDA Rural Development. The farming
operation, which formerly only sold direct to grocery stores and other retail
outlets, is using grant funds, in part, to pay for extra salaries so that it can
deliver its produce on a direct-to-consumer basis. As a result of this grant,
Preferred Produce has been able to deliver its produce to local customers within
8 hours of harvest, thus providing extraordinarily fresh and nutritious locally
raised produce, while at the same time assuring a high degree of food safety.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner encouraged agricultural
producers to apply and take advantage of the VAPG funds that are being made
available, "Preferred Produce is a good example of a farming operation that has
been able to take the funds we have provided and expand its business and at the
same time provide more food to more people in southern New Mexico."

As part of this funding initiative, funding priority will be available to
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers,
Operators of Small and Medium-Sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as a
Family Farm, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and projects proposing to develop a
Mid-Tier Value Chain. Grants are available for projects up to 36 months in
duration.

For information on how to apply, see page 48951 of the August 15, 2012 Federal
Register, http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-08-15/pdf/2012-20082.pdf.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have
empowered rural America to continue leading the way - strengthening America's
economy and strengthening small towns and rural communities. USDA's investments
in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as the backbone
of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster sustainable
economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for
businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $170 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

USDA invites applications for Value Added Producer Grant to assist farmers;
Investing in Rural America Essential to Job Creation and Business Growth

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 396  words


Deputy Agriculture Secretary Kathleen Merrigan announced that applications are
being accepted for grants to provide economic assistance to independent
producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives and agricultural producer groups
through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

"By creating value-added products, farmers and ranchers can expand economic
opportunities, create jobs and keep wealth in rural communities," Merrigan
said."These funding opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses get access to capital, technical
assistance and new markets for their products and servic-es.

Application deadline is Monday, Aug. 29. For further details about eligibility
rules and application procedures, see the June 28, Federal Register. Value-Added
Producer

Grantsmay be used for feasibility studies or business plans, working capital for
marketing value-added agricultural products and for farm-based renewable energy
projects. Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Value-added products are created
when a producer increases the consumer value of an agricultural commodity in the
production or processing stage.

Additional information is available by contacting Nathan Chit-wood with the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office at 573-876-0995. An informational
meeting and training on completion of the application packet will be held at the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Suite
232 Parkade Center, Columbia, Missouri 65203 on Thursday, July 14, at 10 a.m.
Those interested in obtaining additional information are encouraged to attend
and/or contact Mr. Chitwood.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $150 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Director Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Few growers apply for USDA grants

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed
surprise today that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
Program have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The program is
designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase
their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program can be used for planning activities such
as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital.

Some examples for which the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009, and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Room 255, by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Web site at
www.grants.gov ," said, Brunner.

Those who want to apply for the funding can direct questions to the USDA Rural
Development State Office at (505) 761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers Increase the
Value of Their Products

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making up to
$44 million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new
bio-based products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer
Grantprogram.





 "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



 Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 16, 2009

USDA Seeks Applications for Value Added Producer Grants

BYLINE: Amy Mund

LENGTH: 416  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications
for grants to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce. About $18 million will be awarded in competitive
grants nationwide through the Value Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG). "These
grants strengthen rural economies and create jobs by helping farmers and
ranchers add value to their agricultural products by using them for planning
activities such as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for
working capital," Vilsack said. "This program also supports President Obama's
goal to expand our nation's renewable energy resources by helping farmers
develop renewable energy from agricultural products."

For example, last year in Colorado, the Family Farmers Seed Cooperative was
awarded a $120,000 VAPG to develop a premium national market for specialty
organic seeds and to launch Family Farmers Seed Cooperative as a 100% producer
-owned business. This funding helped recipients capture a significant and
time-sensitive market opportunity for organized seed producer groups throughout

Colorado.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual gross sales of less than
$700,000. The competitive grants to be awarded under this notice are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budget and are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the funding being made available is reserved for
beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products. Paper and electronic applications for Colorado
projects must be submitted to the Lakewood Rural Development State Office, 655
Parfet Street, Room E-100, Lakewood, CO 80215 no later than close of business
November 30, 2009. Electronic applications must be submitted through www.Grants.
gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Kiowa County Press


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Maryland value added producer grants available

BYLINE: Michel Elben, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Oct. 20--Grant funding opportunities are available from the Maryland
Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation to encourage
Maryland's agricultural producers to expand or diversify their business
operations by installing capital equipment to make a product that is value
added.

"Value added processing is a key diversification strategy for farmers. If they
add value to their products they can catch a larger share of income derived from
their raw products," said Stephen McHenry, Maryland Agricultural and
Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation's executive director.

According to a corporation press release, eligible applicants must be a crop or
livestock producer or processor, agricultural cooperative, seafood processor, or
primary or secondary timber products processor, and have been in business for a
minimum of two years.

McHenry said applicants can receive up to $15,000 for projects such as
production buildings and major fixtures, livestock or seafood processing
facilities, fruit or vegetable processing facilities, creamery production
equipment, timber or wood products facilities and manure digesters. Cash
matching funds are required, and must be at least equal to the amount of grant
funds requested.

The submission deadline for applicants seeking to receive MVAPG-Capital Assets
Option grants from Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development
Corporation is 4 p.m. Monday, Dec. 14. Grant award announcements will be made by
late January 2016. Late applications will not be accepted.

Visit the Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development
Corporation website for more information and to download the MVAPG-Capital
Assets Option application form: www.marbidco.org/applications. For more
information, contact MARBIDCO's Financial Programs Specialist Andra Davis at
410-267-6807.

michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-7873

twitter.com/MichelElben

___ (c)2015 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151020-WX-Maryland-value-added-producer-grants-available-1020-20151020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2015 Carroll County Times


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 28, 2009 Friday

USDA offers $18M in grants to ag producers

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 581  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week announced the U.S. Department of
Agriculture will make available $18 million in grants to ag producers nationwide
to develop value-added products from their commodities.

 "If I had known about it back when we got started, I would have applied for
one," said Mike Dunker, chief executive of Value Added Products of Alva. "It's a
great idea, and I can see it helping a lot of farmers in Oklahoma. "

The concept of value-added products - the general term as well as the Alva co-op
name - is that farmers and ranchers don't make much money if they send their
commodities elsewhere for product development. The profit margin is greater for
a wheat farmer if he can sell flour or pizza crust dough, for example, instead
of raw wheat. Other examples include processing corn into ethanol or even
something as simple as slaughtering livestock.

That was the thinking of the original 25 Alva wheat farmers about nine years
ago, Dunker said, "before 'value-added' became a buzzword. " They were able to
raise about $9.8 million in private funds to form the co-op, and later applied
for a government grant to help market their Danish and cinnamon roll products.
The co-op's success has continued to grow, he said.

Tom Lucas, coordinator for the USDA's High Plains Resource Conservation and
Development office in Oklahoma, said more ag producers have been moving in that
direction lately, but Oklahoma has more potential than is being realized.

"The problem that we have here is that we have too many of our products leave
the state and let someone else add value to them. That's why it's important that
we encourage these business operations to make the most of our resources and
encourage economic growth and improve our producers' standard of living," he
said.

The USDA will award up to $100,000 for planning grants and up to $300,000 for
working capital grants. Applicants must propose projects that use existing
agricultural products in nontraditional ways or merge agricultural products with
technology in creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority
will be given to operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with
average, annual gross sales of less than $700,000.

Applicants must provide funds to match their grants. Ten percent of the federal
money is reserved for beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged
producers. An additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and
regional supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and
cooperatives that market value-added products.

"These grants strengthen rural economies and create jobs by helping farmers and
ranchers add value to their agricultural products by using them for planning
activities such as feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for
working capital," Vilsack said. "This program also supports President Obama's
goal to expand our nation's renewable energy resources by helping farmers
develop renewable energy from agricultural products. "

But sometimes even adding value isn't enough when marketing problems turn up
down the line, Dunker said.

"With the economy being down, we're going through a tough time right now," he
said. "We sell mostly on the East Coast and West Coast, shipping it (dough) out
for toppings somewhere else. And both coasts are just dying from unemployment.
So even though Oklahoma doesn't have a big problem with unemployment, there's no
one out there to buy our products. "

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Maryland 'value added' producer grants now available

BYLINE: Michel Elben, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


July 13--The Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corp.
recently announced a grant incentive funding opportunity to encourage Maryland's
agricultural producers to expand or diversify their business operations by
installing capital assets (equipment and fixtures) to make a product that is "
value added."

According to a MARBIDCO news release, the corporation will offer grants between
$2,500 and $15,000, distributed on a competitive basis.

The business must financially match the amount requested from MARBIDCO. Eligible
applicants must be a crop or livestock producer or processor, agricultural
cooperative, seafood processor, or primary or secondary timber products
processor. The applicant must have been in business for a minimum of two years.

Applications must be submitted by 4 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 18. Grant award
announcements will be made in November. For more information, contact MARBIDCO
Financial Programs Specialist Andra Davis, at 410-267-6807 or visit MARBIDCO's
website at www.marbidco.org.

michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-7873

twitter.com/MichelElben

___ (c)2016 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160713-WX-BRF-Maryland-value-added-producer-grants
-now-available-0713-20160713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2016 Carroll County Times


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Grants offered for value-added ag ideas

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 191  words


Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, announced that
applications are being accepted for grants to help agricultural producers enter
into value-added activities intended to give them a competitive business edge.

"The grant program creates new income opportunities for farmers, generates
wealth that will stay in rural communities and increases access to local foods
in underserved communities," said Schneider.

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. The grants help create new products, expand marketing opportunities,
support further processing of existing goods, or to develop specialty and niche
products. Funding may be used for working capital and planning activities. The
maximum working capital grant is $200,000 and the maximum planning grant is
$75,000. Eligible applicants include: independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives and agricultural producer groups.

Grant applications are due by February 24, 2014.

More information about how to apply is available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP _VAPG.html or by calling the USDA Rural
Development office at 701-530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 25, 2014

Value-added grant to Garys Berries

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 215  words


Seven Kansas-based businesses received nearly $400,000 in assistance to help
with expanding their operations by adding value to their agricultural-based
products including one in Jefferson County, reports USDA Rural Development State
Director Patty Clark.

Gary's Berries, Grantville, received $44,700 to be used to increase sales of
pumpkin squash and pumpkin donuts.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

"USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants help provide financial capital to small
businesses and agricultural producers in rural areas that are looking to expand
or create a new value-added agricultural product," said Clark. "The investment
made by the federal government is helping to create new products and jobs in
small towns across the state."

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 grants totaling $108 million. Twenty percent of
the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been awarded to beginning farmers
and ranchers. The 2014 Farm Bill increases mandatory funding for the program
from $15 million to $63 million over five years.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 The Vindicator


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 13, 2009

NM ag producers missing out on great free funding opportunity;
Submitted by ERNIE WATSON/USDA

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 506  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed surprise this week
that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG)
have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The VAPG program is designed
to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase their profits
by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applicatipns would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program.

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. Some examples for which
the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways: Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009 and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson NE Room 255 by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Website at
http://www.grants.gov." said, Brunner.

Those that want to apply for the VAPG funding can direct questions to the USDA
Rural Development State Office at 505-761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
http:/www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Hidalgo County Herald


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2013

Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers, biobased initiatives

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 967  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week announced the selection of 110
grants to agricultural producers and rural businesses that will help create jobs
and develop new products. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant
budget uncertainty. The announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to
strengthen the rural economy.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

In the announcement, 110 awardees are being selected for USDA Rural Development
Value-Added Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers
increase their income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new
products or developing new uses for existing products.

The awards announced last week include 11 projects involving bio-based products.
They include grants to convert: corn stover to anhydrous ammonia; miscanthus
fiber, wood and goat manure into biochar and enhanced compost; and sorghum to
electricity and fertilizer.

A number of Native American applicants will also receive support for their
projects. For example, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Farm & Ranch Enterprise of
Colorado will receive over $92,000 to bring a cornmeal product to market. This
grant will help the Tribe market and distribute the Indian cornmeal products,
and secure customers. This year marks the first time that tribal entities have
received funding through the VAPG program.

Glenmary Gardens in Bristol, Va., will use a $213,000 grant to expand the
processing and marketing of locally grown fruits and vegetables into jellies,
ice cream, and flavored syrups. Glenmary Gardens is a family-owned operation
providing freshly grown berries, fruits and vegetables to the Virginia and
Tennessee Tri-City area. Old Wood LLC in Las Vegas, N.M., will use a $300,000
working capital award to expand sales of its unique, engineered-panel and
wood-block flooring made from small-diameter trees.

In Cody, Wyoming, George Farms will utilize a $33,290 grant to complete a
feasibility study enabling the dairy operation an opportunity to determine value
added options for their family owned dairy. As a result of the feasibility
study, local and regional consumers will have the opportunity to purchase and
consume locally produced fresh dairy products.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyf-compassmap.htm

USDA Rural Development is funding an array of projects involving locally
produced and marketed foods. These include cheese, wine, reduced-cholesterol
dairy products, produce, packaged poultry, pork and beef products, and a variety
of processed or prepared foods from locally grown fruits and vegetables.

The Wisconsin Food, Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., will use a $150,000
working capital award to assist in the startup of a regional fresh produce food
hub and packinghouse that was created to enhance access to wholesale markets for
the local farm economy and create private-sectors jobs. The food hub will
aggregate local produce sold under the Wisconsin Farmed brand.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, the VAPG program has helped more
than 600 agricultural producers and rural businesses.

Through 2008, Congress made several enhancements to the VAPG program. It
expanded the definition of value-added to include locally-produced agricultural
food products, and it gave priority to projects that focus on increasing
opportunities for small and midsize family farmers and ranchers, beginning
farmers and ranchers, and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For a complete list of Value-Added Producer Grant award recipients selected last
week, visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocu-ments/rdVAPGFY2012Awards5_l_2013.pdf. Funding
for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Sundance Times


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 25, 2006 Saturday

Program paying off for producers;
Value-added grants are available;
application deadline is March 31

BYLINE: EMILY KLEIN

SECTION: TRISTATE; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 445 words


Producers looking to add value to their products have a month to apply for a
national grant program that already has awarded Iowans more than $16 million.

The Value Added Producer Grant Program was created by Sen. Chuck Grassley,
R-Iowa, in 2001 as a way to help farmers and ranchers come up with the
investment funds needed to develop and market value-added products.

Since the national program's inception, 84 Iowa-based projects have received 15
percent of funds available, creating 660 jobs that account for $19.7 million in
employee compensation.

Delaware County Meats in Dyersville received grant funding through the program
in 2002, 2003 and 2005, totaling more than $138,000.

The business started in 1999 when a group of independent family farmers decided
to work together to market and sell the meat from the hogs the group raised. By
selling directly, the group sees a higher return for its products.

"From our farm families to you," Manager Dave Kronlage said. "The idea is to get
a good product into the consumer's hand, something that the consumer will
appreciate because it comes directly from local farmers."

Last year, the business received $74,250 to be used in the 2006 calendar year.
Kronlage said the business will likely use the money to hire a full-time
salesperson and to promote pork gift boxes.

Mark Reisinger, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development director for
Iowa, said he wants to encourage anyone looking to get started in a value-added
business to apply because the program was specifically designed to be broad
enough to assist a variety of applications.

In the past, grant recipients have included ethanol and biodiesel plants,
branded meat marketers, wineries, cheese and milk processors and wind farms.

Producers or business groups applying for the grant must be capable of matching
it dollar for dollar.

Grants for the purpose of planning, such as conducting a feasibility study, are
limited to $100,000 and those for working capital are limited to $300,000.

Though Reisinger said businesses cannot be built around $300,000 of venture
capital, the money often is enough to attract interest from lending
institutions.

"We're not paying for these businesses, we're just making them financially
viable," he said.

Applications for the grant program are due March 31 and are available online at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

Reisinger said anyone who wants to apply but is unsure of the application
process or whether a business would be eligible is welcome to call the USDA
Rural Development Office for assistance. For more information, call
563/886-6006.

There will be $19 million available nationally through the program this year.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Kronlage, manager of Delaware County Meats in Dyersville, Iowa,
says his business has been helped by the Value Added Producer Grant Program.
Applications for the national program are due March 31.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Deadline near for Value Added Producer grant applications

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at (505) 761-4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, Aug. 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by Aug. 29, via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Grant funds used to diversify Maine's maple syrup uses

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: MADISON


It doesn't take long for Eric Ellis of Maine Maple Products to explain why
retail sales make more money for Maine's maple producers than shipping syrup out
in bulk.

Holding a box of instantly recognizable maple sugar candy in the shape of
leaves, Ellis said Monday that the candy sells for $1.60 an ounce.

"Since it takes 1 gallon of syrup to make 120 ounces of candy, and maple syrup
averaged $36.60 a gallon in 2004, that same gallon of syrup - as candy - would
be worth $192, or a 440 percent increase in profit."

In Maine, 98 percent of all syrup is sold in bulk. Huge barrels of the golden
stuff are shipped to processors in Canada and elsewhere. But it is the 2 percent
that is made into table syrup, maple cream, candy, butter and other value-added
products that can really raise the bottom line for Maine's producers.

Using a $13,956 grant from the Maine Department of Agriculture and additional
funding of $20,350 from the Maine Maple Producers' Association, Ellis hopes to
reverse the trend in Maine and convince maple producers to add more retail sales
- and ultimately profits - to their operations.

Already, Ellis has conducted special taste tests with the University of Maine
and scheduled a maple school for January to teach producers candy-making and
other value-added skills.

"With the first part of the grant, we took various maple products, such as
chutney, barbecue sauce and mustard, and tested them with consumers," Ellis
said. This was done at the University of Maine department of food science and
human nutrition.

"The results were inconclusive," he said. Although most of the testers liked the
products, only about half said they would pay extra to include pure maple syrup
as an ingredient.

Ellis said he was not discouraged, however, and believed there was still a vast
market share available. "We are still going to encourage producers to
diversify," he said. "The next step will be a value-added maple school."

The school will be held in early January at the University of Maine.

"We've been able, through the grant, to purchase new equipment that we will use
at the school," Ellis said.

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Maine has increased its syrup
volume by nearly 100,000 gallons over the last decade. In 2005, 265,000 gallons
were produced.

"There are two groups of producers," Ellis explained. "There are the large
sugarbushes in northern Somerset County and then, in the more southern part of
the state, small local producers. Ultimately, both groups need to maximize
profits by converting a portion of the bulk syrup sales into retail."

Once the small producers expand into the more lucrative value-added markets,
Ellis said, the demand for more syrup will boost the larger producers. "The
value of Maine's syrup on 2004 was $5.6 million, but 95 percent was sold in
bulk. Wholesale and retail profits are substantially higher."

Once the maple school has been held, the remainder of the grant will be used to
increase the state's marketing base. "That is where the state of Maine lags far
behind Vermont," Ellis said.

"Ask someone in Alabama where maple syrup comes from and they are going to say
Vermont," he said. Even though Somerset County produces more maple syrup than
any other county in the nation, Ellis said, Vermont's marketing strategy has
been superior to Maine's.

"That's the part we need to develop," he said.

The difference, he pointed out, is selling syrup bulk - at $18 a gallon - or
selling it retail at $41.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Deadline fast approaching for Value Added Producer Grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


ALBUQUERQUE Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director in New Mexico
announced that approximately $37 million in competitive nationwide grants are
available to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "These grants strengthen rural
economies and create jobs by helping farmers and ranchers add value to their
agricultural products by using them for planning activities such as feasibility
studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

Planning grants up to $100,000 and working capital grants up to $300,000 will be
awarded through USDA Rural Development's Value Added Producer Grant program.
Awards may be for planning activities or working capital, but not for both.
Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of
small and medium-sized family farms or ranches, beginning farmers or ranchers,
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
mid-tier value chains. The program provides for streamlined paperwork for those
applying for less than $50,000 for working capital grants.

Examples of eligible proposals could include processing chile and tomatoes into
salsa, grapes into wine or jelly, wool and mohair into weavings, and milk into
cheese. In addition, the aggregation and marketing of locally produced food
commodities or products within the state where the product is produced or with
400 miles from the origin of the production would be eligible grant purposes.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Working capital grants can be matched by the value of the Ag
commodity that will be converted into the value added product.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, August 29,
2011. Applicants are urged to contact Rural Development in advance of the
deadline to discuss their application. The Rural Development State Office may be
reached at 505.761.4953.

An application template, as well other information concerning the program can be
located at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html . If application
submission is by paper, the application must be postmarked and mailed, shipped,
or sent overnight by Monday, August 29. Paper applications must be submitted to
the Rural Development State Office, Business and Cooperative Programs, 6200
Jefferson NE/Room 255, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109. Electronic applications
must be submitted by August 29 via http://www.grants.gov following the
instructions provided at that site.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 13, 2009

USDA seeking applicants for grant program

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 470  words


ALBUQUERQUE - Only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant Program
(VAPG) have been received from ag producers in New Mexico.

The VAPG program is designed to provide grant funding to assist agricultural
producers increase their profits by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applications would have been submitted for this grant program," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner. "This funding can really help farmers
and ranchers find marketing opportunities and produce profitable products from
their crops or livestock.

More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program."

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. Some examples for which
the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiber-board);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas. Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working
capital grants of up to $300,000 to successful applicants will be competitively
awarded. Applicants are encouraged to propose projects that use existing
agricultural products in non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural
products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all sizes may apply,
but priority will be given to operators of small and medium-sized family farms -
those with average, annual gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009 and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson NE Room 255 by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Website at
http://www.grants.gov," said, Brunner.

Those that want to apply for the VAPG funding can direct questions to the USDA
Rural Development State Office at 505-761-4952.

For requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
http:/www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2009 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Education has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, May 8, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that
USDA is making $30 million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs
to develop new product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value
-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Arkansas: USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           February 7, 2008 Thursday

Value-Added Producer Grant funds available

BYLINE: Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 393 words


ALBUQUERQUE --USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason has announced
the availability of $18.4 million nationwide in Value-Added Producer Grant
funds. The VAPG program gives eligible agricultural producers the opportunity to
increase their income by developing businesses that produce and market value
-added agriculture products such as turning chile into salsa or peanuts into
peanut butter."We grow some great products in New Mexico," said Gleason. "The
next step to ensuring the long-term profitability of our agricultural producers
is to help them earn more of the ultimate consumer's dollar by adding additional
value to these wonderful products."The VAPG program provides up to 50 percent of
eligible costs for two types of activities: planning and working capital. Funds
can be used for planning how to establish a viable marketing opportunity for an
agricultural product. Other planning activities include feasibility studies and
the development of business or marketing plans. The financial assistance may
also be used as working capital for a value-added business venture within the
first two years of operation. The maximum amount that can be awarded for a
planning grant is $100,000. Rural Development may also award a working capital
grant of up to $300,000 if the application can prove the money is needed for an
individual project. Applications for the Value Added Grant program must be
postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 31, 2008,
to Rural Development's State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE Room 255 in
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87109.For more information on application forms and
details visit the VAPG website at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm, or contact the New Mexico Rural
Development State Office at 505-761-4953. USDA Rural Development's mission is to
deliver programs in a way that will support increasing economic opportunity and
improve the quality of life of rural residents. As the lead federal agency for
rural development needs, USDA Rural Development provides financing to rural New
Mexico communities, for affordable housing, business development,
infrastructure, and community facilities and development. Further information on
Rural Development programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office
or by visiting USDA's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Virginia: USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Value-Added Producer Grant Program

LENGTH: 28369  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Department of Agriculture
----------------------------------------------------------------------- Rural
Business-Cooperative Service Rural Utilities Service
----------------------------------------------------------------------- 7 CFR
Part 4284 Value-Added Producer Grant Program; Final Rule Federal Register / Vol.
80 , No. 89 / Friday, May 8, 2015 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 26788]]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Rural Utilities
Service 7 CFR Part 4284 RIN 0570-AA79 Value-Added Producer Grant Program AGENCY:
Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Final rule; request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is publishing this final rule
for the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program. This final rule modifies the
interim rule for VAPG based on comments received on the interim rule, which was
published on February 23, 2011, on the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm
Bill), and on a listening session, held on April 25, 2014, on the VAPG
provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill. Under the final rule, grants will be made to
help eligible producers of agricultural commodities enter into or expand value
-added activities including the development of feasibility studies, business
plans, and marketing strategies. The program also provides working capital for
expenses such as implementing an existing viable marketing strategy. The program
provides a priority for funding for applicants that are Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers, Socially- Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers, operators of Small- and Medium- sized Family Farms and Ranches, Farmer
and Rancher Cooperatives and applicants that propose a Mid-Tier Value Chain
project. Additional priority points will be given to Agricultural Producer
Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled Producer-Based
Business Ventures whose projects ``best contribute'' to creating or increasing
marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and operators of Small-
and Medium-sized Family Farms and Ranches. Further, it creates two reserved
funds, each of which will include 10 percent of program funds each year, for
applications that support opportunities for Beginning and Socially-Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and for proposed projects that develop mid-tier value
marketing chains. DATES: Effective Date: This final rule is effective May 8,
2015. Comments Due Date: Written comments on this rule must be received on or
before July 7, 2015. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments on this final rule by
any of the following methods:  Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
     Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742.
     Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail or other courier service requiring a street address to the
Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
    All written comments will be available for public inspection during
regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed
above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: USDA, Rural Development, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Room 4008, South Agriculture Building,
Stop 3253, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3253,
Telephone: (202) 690-1376, Email CPGrants@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Executive Summary

I. Purpose of the Regulatory Action

This action is needed in order to implement the final rule for the
Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program. This final rule modifies the
interim rule for VAPG based on comments received on the interim rule,
which was published on February 23, 2011 (76 FR 10122), on the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill), and on a listening session,
held on April 25, 2014, on the VAPG provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill.
This action addresses these modifications, as well as a number of
program clarifications, including but not limited to, allowing seafood
producers to be able to apply under the locally-produced value-added
agricultural product methodology and eligibility for tribal entities.
Finally, this action gives the State Director discretion to award
priority points in the event that the VAPG program is State-allocated
in accordance with 7 CFR 1940.593.

II. Summary of the Major Provisions

1. Program. Section 6203 of Agricultural Act of 2014, Public Law
113-79 provides priority for funding applicants that are Veteran
Farmers and Ranchers. It further provides additional priority points
for Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures whose projects
``best contribute'' to creating or increasing marketing opportunities
for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and operators of Small-
and Medium-sized Family Farms and Ranches.
    2. Applications. Applicants must meet all program eligibility and
evaluation requirements to be considered for funding. To be eligible to
compete for reserved funding and/or receive priority points in the
scoring process, applicants must include additional information in
their grant application for their respective priority or reservation
category (Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, operators of Small- and
Medium-sized Family Farms and Ranches, Farmer and Rancher Cooperatives,
Mid-Tier Value Chain projects, and projects that `best contribute' to
new or expanded marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, or operators of
Small-and Medium-sized Family Farms and Ranches) in accordance with the
VAPG program regulation and any additional guidance provided in the
annual solicitation for the program.
    3. Scoring applications. The Agency will score applications based
upon the VAPG program regulation and any additional guidance provided
in the annual solicitation for the program. Priority points will be
awarded based on the applicant's qualification as one of the identified
priority categories. Additional priority points will be awarded to
Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures who can
demonstrate, based on their current and projected composition of
owners/membership, how their project ``best contributes'' to creating
or increasing marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers
and Ranchers, and operators of Small- and Medium-sized Family Farms and
Ranches. Any reserve funds not

[[Page 26789]]

obligated by June 30th will roll into the general program fund.
Applications will be awarded in rank order until funds are expended or
the minimum score threshold under the annual solicitation is reached.

III. Costs and Benefits

The Agency estimates the cost to complete an application to be
approximately $2,405, with changes resulting from this action estimated
to amount to $70. The Agency has identified potential offsetting
benefits to prospective program participants and the Agency that are
associated with this action. The primary benefit of this action is
improving the availability of funds to help agricultural producer
applicants in general, and priority category applicants in particular,
to expand their customer base for the products or commodities that they
produce.
    Comments: While comments on the interim rule have been considered,
we are issuing this final rule without opportunity for prior notice and
comment on the changes made to implement the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Administrative Procedure Act exempts rules ``relating to agency
management or personnel or to public property, loans, grants, benefits,
or contracts'' from the statutory requirement for prior notice and
opportunity for comment. 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2). However, we invite you to
participate in this rulemaking by submitting written comments, data, or
views before the noted deadline. We will consider the comments we
receive and may conduct additional rulemaking based on the comments.

Executive Order 12866

This final rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO) 12866
and has been determined not significant by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act 1995 (UMRA), Public
Law 104-4, establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the
effects of their regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal
governments and the private sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA,
Rural Development generally must prepare a written statement, including
a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with ``Federal
mandates'' that may result in expenditures to State, local, or tribal
governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector of $100 million
or more in any one year. When such a statement is needed for a rule,
section 205 of the UMRA generally requires Rural Development to
identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives
and adopt the least costly, more cost-effective, or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule.
    This final rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the UMRA) for State, local, and tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to
the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the UMRA.

Environmental Impact Statement

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part
1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has
determined that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment, and in
accordance with NEPA of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental
Impact Statement is not required.

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This final rule has been reviewed under EO 12988, Civil Justice
Reform. In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2)
no retroactive effect will be given to this rule; and (3)
administrative proceedings in accordance with the regulations of the
Department of Agriculture's National Appeals Division (7 CFR part 11)
must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging action
taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically allow
bringing suit at an earlier time.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

It has been determined, under EO 13132, Federalism, that this final
rule does not have sufficient federalism implications to warrant the
preparation of a Federalism Assessment. The provisions contained in the
rule will not have a substantial direct effect on States or their
political subdivisions or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various government levels.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612) (RFA) generally
requires an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to notice and comment rulemaking requirements under the
Administrative Procedure Act or any other statute unless the Agency
certifies that the rule will not have an economically significant
impact on a substantial number of small entities. Small entities
include small businesses, small organizations, and small governmental
jurisdictions.
    Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies, that this action, while mostly affecting
small entities, will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of these small entities for the reasons discussed
below. This regulation only affects agricultural producers that choose
to participate in the program. The Agency estimates that approximately
75 percent of the agricultural producers (operators of Family Farms and
beginning and Socially-Disadvantaged applicants) that utilize the
program are considered small entities, as defined by the Regulatory
Flexibility Act. Therefore, the Agency has determined that this final
rule will have an impact on a substantial number of small entities.
    However, the economic impact of this final rule on small entities
will not be significant. Many of the changes being implemented in the
rule are in response to efforts to make the program more accessible to
applicants in general and to smaller applicants in particular, as well
as to clarify and simplify program requirements. In addition, a number
of changes are in response to comments and concerns voiced by
applicants and other stakeholders during listening sessions and public
comment periods for the proposed and interim rules. The most
significant changes in the rule that affects small producers are the
addition of Veteran Farmer or Rancher applicants as a priority category
and the additional priority points available for Agricultural Producer
Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled
Producer-Based Business Ventures whose projects meet the ``best
contribute'' provision from the 2014 Farm Bill. These changes do not
have a significant economic impact on small entities because the cost
to applicants as estimated by the Agency in the Paperwork Reduction Act
(PRA) burden package is approximately $70 per applicant impacted by the
changes. Of these applicants, those addressing the ``best contributes''
priority are expected to be comprised of larger entities. This is based
on determining which of the estimated costs in the PRA burden package
would be incurred by the applicants impacted by the incorporation of
the 2014 Farm Bill provisions and the percentage of those considered
``small entities.

[[Page 26790]]

Executive Order 13211, Actions Concerning Regulations That
Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use

The regulatory impact analysis conducted for this final rule meets
the requirements for EO 13211, which states that an agency undertaking
regulatory actions related to energy supply, distribution, or use is to
prepare a Statement of Energy Effects. This analysis finds that this
rule will not have any adverse impacts on energy supply, distribution,
or use.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This program is subject to Executive Order 12372, which requires
intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Intergovernmental consultation will occur for the assistance to
producers of agricultural commodities in accordance with the process
and procedures outlined in 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V. Note that not
all States have chosen to participate in the intergovernmental review
process. A list of participating States is available at the following
Web site: http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants/spoc.html.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribes

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of
Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian
Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Rural Development
to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government
basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,
legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy
statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or
more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
    In response to the 2008 Farm Bill USDA participated in a series of
formal Tribal consultation sessions to gain input by elected Tribal
officials, or their designees, concerning the impact of the Interim
rule on Tribal governments, Tribal producers and Tribal members. These
sessions were intended to establish a baseline of consultation for
future actions and informed USDA's policy development within the VAPG
program.
    As a result of these consultations, USDA developed and issued
guidance on the eligibility of Tribes and Tribal entities, incorporated
this guidance into application materials, and provided updated guidance
to USDA field staff, Tribes and the general public on required
documentation.
    As the 2014 Farm Bill contained no additional requirements that had
Tribal implications or substantial direct effects on one or more Indian
tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government and Indian
tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities between the
Federal Government and Indian tribes, USDA has determined that no
further Tribal consultation is necessary. However, USDA will continue
to work directly with Tribes and Tribal applicants to improve access to
this program. The policies contained in this rule do not have Tribal
implications that preempt Tribal law. For further information on USDA
Rural Development's Tribal consultation efforts, please contact the
Agency's Native American Coordinator at aian@wdc.usda.gov or 720-544-
2911.

Programs Affected

VAPG is listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance under
Number 10.352.

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork
burden associated with this Notice has been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under the currently approved OMB Control
Number 0570-0039. The Agency has determined that changes contained in
this regulatory action do not substantially change current data
collection.

E-Government Act Compliance

The Agency is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to
provide increased opportunities for citizen access to Government
information and services, and for other purposes.

I. Background

On February 23, 2011 (76 FR 10090-10122), the Agency published an
interim rule for the VAPG program. The interim rule addressed comments
that the Agency received on the VAPG proposed rule, which was published
in the Federal Register on May 28, 2010 (75 FR 29920), and clarified
proposed provisions. Changes were made throughout the rule, with many
of the changes addressing definitions and how awards are made,
including assigning priority. The interim rule became effective on
March 25, 2011, and the Agency provided a 60-day comment period for the
public to submit comments on the interim rule.
    On February 7, 2014, the Agricultural Act of 2014 (referred to
herein as the 2014 Farm Bill) was signed into law. Among its many
provisions were two that affected the VAPG program. Section 6203 of the
2014 Farm Bill authorized the Secretary of Agriculture to give priority
to:
     Veteran Farmers and Ranchers and
     Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher
Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures
whose projects best contribute to creating or increasing marketing
opportunities for operators of Small- and Medium-sized Farms and
Ranches that are structured as Family Farms, Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and Veteran
Farmers and Ranchers.
    The Agency held a listening session on April 25, 2014, to receive
input from interested stakeholders on how to best implement these two
provisions. There were a total of two participants who provided
comments and suggestions.
    All of the comments received on the interim rule and during the
listening session are summarized in Section III of this final rule.
Most of the interim rule's provisions have been carried forward into
the final rule, although there have been some additional changes. A
summary of major changes to the interim rule are summarized below in
Section II.

II. Summary of Changes to the Final Rule

This section presents the major changes to the VAPG final rule.
Most of the changes were the result of the Agency's consideration of
public comments on the interim rule, during the listening session (see
Section III below for specifics on comments received), and on its own
experience with the program in order to improve the implementation and
administration. The Agency is also making changes to the rule due to
statutory changes resulting from the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill
(see Section IV below).

A. Definitions (Sec.  4284.902)

1. The following definitions have been added:
     ``Harvester'' is defined to clarify that Harvesters must
be able to document their legal right to access and harvest the
Agricultural Commodity that is the subject of the value-added project.
It further conveys that individuals or entities that merely glean,
gather, or

[[Page 26791]]

collect residual commodities that result from an initial harvesting or
production of a primary Agricultural Commodity are not considered
Harvesters. This clarification is necessary because the definition in
Interim Rule did not contain sufficient information to guide potential
applicants in this category.
     ``Steering committee''--as a subset of the Independent
Producer definition--is defined to clarify that Steering Committees
must be comprised wholly of Independent Producers. This clarification
is necessary because there was confusion among potential applicants
about the required structure for this applicant type.
     ``Veteran farmer or rancher'' was added to conform to the
2014 Farm Bill definition that refers to 7 U.S.C. 2279(e).
    2. The definitions of ``financial feasibility'' and ``branding''
have been removed because the terms are no longer included in the
regulation.
    3. The following definitions have been revised:
     ``Agricultural food product'' was revised to include
seafood products customarily sold or consumed live, to remedy the
inadvertent exclusion of producers of these products from applying
under the Locally-Produced Value-Added Agricultural Product
methodology.
     ``Agricultural producer'' was revised in response to
public comments, to clarify that individuals and entities that may have
ownership and/or financial control without being engaged in the day-to-
day labor and management will not be eligible for a value-added
producer grant. Agricultural Producer was also revised to clarify that
the eligibility of Tribes and Tribal entities, due to their unique
structures, will be determined by the Agency without regard to day-to-
day labor, management, and field operation and right to harvest status.
     ``Agricultural producer group'' was revised to clarify
that this type of applicant must be a non-profit, to alleviate on-going
confusion about the structure of this applicant type and to conform to
long-used examples.
     ``Beginning farmer or rancher'' was revised to clarify the
required composition for reserved fund applicants (100 percent of owner
members must be beginning farmers or ranchers) and priority point
applicants (more than 50 percent must be beginning farmers or
ranchers).
     ``Family farm'' was revised to remove the reference to the
FSA definition of family farm.
     ``Farm- or Ranch-based renewable energy'' was revised to
clarify how generated energy must be utilized to meet the requirement
to demonstrate expanded customer base and increased revenue returned to
producers.
     ``Feasibility study'' was revised to limit the definition
to a description of the document, rather than the means by which the
document is developed by eliminating reference to qualified consultant.
     ``Independent producer'' was revised to clarify that a
``majority'' of raw commodity owned by the applicant is defined as more
than 50 percent. The definition was also revised to clarify that
Steering Committees must apply as an Independent Producer and that a
program-eligible legal entity must be established by the Steering
Committee prior to Agency approval of the grant agreement. Further, it
clarifies that Harvesters must apply as an Independent Producer and the
eligibility requirements for Harvesters with regards to priority points
and reserved funding. Independent Producer was also revised to clarify
the eligibility of Tribes and Tribal entities, with regard to raw
commodity ownership.
     ``Marketing plan'' was revised to eliminate an unnecessary
reference to Qualified Consultant.
     ``Medium-sized farm or ranch'' was revised to conform to
the Economic Research Service's more commonly used gross sales
threshold of $1,000,000 for operators of medium-sized farms or ranches.
     ``Mid-tier value chain'' was revised in response to public
comments to include consumers as participants of an eligible project.
     ``Planning grant'' was revised to limit the definition to
a description of this type of grant, rather than the means by which it
is developed, by eliminating reference to qualified consultant.
     ``Product segregation'' was revised to ``physical
segregation'' to be consistent with the statutory language within the
value-added agricultural product. In addition, an example of a physical
segregated product was provided.
     ``Small-sized farm or ranch'' was revised to conform to
the Economic Research Service's more commonly used gross sales
threshold of $500,000 for operators of small-sized farms or ranches.
     ``Socially-disadvantaged farmer or rancher'' was revised
to clarify eligibility requirements for individuals and entities in
regards to priority points and reserved funding as per the statute.
     ``Value-added agricultural product'' was revised to
clarify that the agricultural commodity (raw commodity) must be
produced in the United States (including the Republic of Palau, the
Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands,
or American Samoa).

B. Environmental Review (Sec.  4284.907)

The language of this section was modified to indicate that working
capital awards are generally excluded from the documentation
requirements in 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G.

C. Applicant Eligibility (Sec.  4284.920)

1. Type of applicant. Since information regarding the eligibility
of Tribes and Tribal entities had previously been provided only in
Agency guidance through an Administrative Notice, the Agency added
language indicating that Tribes and Tribal entities may be eligible for
the program if they meet all requirements. In addition, the
availability of additional guidance from the Agency is noted.
    2. Citizenship. Language providing an exemption to the requirement
that applicants be comprised of at least 50 percent U.S. citizens or
legally-admitted permanent residents was deleted to ensure that awards
are not made to non-U.S. citizens or entities.
    3. Multiple applications. Since information regarding the
limitation on application submissions by affiliated entities was
previously included only in the annual solicitation, the Agency added
language more specifically defining ``affiliated'' entities and the
limitations on submission of multiple applications.

D. Project Eligibility (Sec.  4284.922)

1. Purpose eligibility. While the Interim Rule indicates that
applications containing ineligible costs totaling more than 10 percent
of Total Project Costs will be deemed ineligible, it does not discuss
the status of applications containing less than 10 percent ineligible
costs. Therefore, the Agency is clarifying that applications containing
ineligible expenses totaling less than 10 percent of Total Project
Costs must have those expenses removed from the project budget or
replaced with eligible expenses if selected for an award.
    2. Working Capital. While the Interim Rule provides requirements
for working capital grants, it does not include the requirement of
specific quantification of the amount of commodity necessary for the
project. This information instead was included in an Agency-developed
application template. The Agency, therefore, is adding in this final
rule the requirement that applicants quantify and document within their
applications, the amount of commodity required for the project, as well
as the amount they

[[Page 26792]]

will produce, and the amount to be procured from third-parties. This
change will assist the Agency in determining whether applicants meet
the eligibility requirement to supply a majority of the raw commodity
needed for the project.

E. Reserved Fund Eligibility (Sec.  4284.923)

1. A separate section was created for Reserved fund eligibility to
delineate between it and Priority point eligibility, and for ease in
navigating the requirements.
    2. Clarification regarding the eligibility of Independent Producer
Harvesters was included.

F. Priority Point Scoring Eligibility (Sec.  4284.924)

1. A separate section was created for Priority point eligibility to
delineate between it and Reserved fund eligibility, and for ease in
navigating the requirements.
    2. Priority point eligibility status of Harvesters was included.
    3. Documentation requirements for Veteran Farmers and Ranchers was
included.
    4. The gross sales dollar threshold was changed to conform to the
Economic Research Service's more commonly used definition.
    5. Priority point eligibility was changed to include a new Farm
Bill requirement providing points to Agricultural Producer Groups,
Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled Producer-Based
Business Ventures whose projects best contribute to creating or
increasing marketing opportunities for operators of Small- and Medium-
sized Farms and Ranches that are structure as Family Farms, Beginning
Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers.
    6. Administrator Priority Categories was amended to give State
Director discretion to award priority points in the event that the VAPG
program is State-allocated in accordance with 7 CFR 1940.593.

G. Ineligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds (Sec.  4284.926)

1. Use of funds for agricultural production expenses. Based on
applications received and inquiries from applicants, current language
on the prohibition of use of grant or matching funds for expenses
related to the production of the raw commodity does not include enough
specific information to fully inform prospective applicants. Therefore,
the Agency is adding language to clarify that production planning,
purchase of production inputs, and delivery of raw commodity is
explicitly prohibited.
    2. Use of funds to pay for applicant-supplied raw commodity. While
the Interim Rule is clear that applicants may use grant funds to
purchase raw commodity (49 percent or less of the total necessary) from
third-parties, it does not contain specific language prohibiting the
use of grant funds to purchase commodity from the applicant itself. It
is the long-held position of the Agency that applicants cannot use
grant funds to purchase raw commodities from themselves. Thus, the
Agency is adding language to indicate that applicants or applicant
entities cannot use grant funds to purchase raw commodity from
themselves, from applicant-owned or affiliated entities, or from member
producers.
    3. Use of funds to pay salaries for applicant or applicant family
member was deleted from this section as it only applied to use of grant
funds. This section refers to ineligible uses of both grant AND
matching funds. The prohibition on use of grant funds for this purpose
and an explanation of the allowability of use of applicant or family
member time as an in-kind matching contribution is detailed in Sec.
4284.925 and in Sec.  4284.931.

H. Application Package (Sec.  4284.931)

1. System for Awards Management (SAM) Registration. This
registration requirement became mandatory after publication of the
Interim Rule and the Agency has only included it in the annual
solicitation. Therefore, language is being added to clarify that all
applicants must be registered in SAM.
    2. Use of Grant and Matching Funds. The Interim Rule indicates that
grant funds and matching funds are subject to the same use
restrictions. However, there are two exceptions in Sec.  4284.925(a)
and (b). For both planning and working capital grants, grant funds
cannot be used to pay applicants or family members for their time spent
on the project. But, appropriately-valued applicant or family member
time up to a maximum of 25 percent of Total Project Costs can be used
as an in-kind matching contribution. Similarly, for working capital
grants, grant funds cannot be used to pay the applicant or affiliated
parties for raw commodity to be used in project. However, the raw
commodity can be used as in-kind match. Therefore the Agency has
revised this section to reflect this change.
    3. Performance Evaluation Criteria. Required Performance evaluation
criteria were modified to respond to program metrics requirements in
Section 6209 of the 2014 Farm Bill and also to ensure that data
collected for program outcome and evaluation purposes is consistent,
robust, and relevant to both the stated program purposes and ongoing
evaluation efforts. Corresponding changes were made to Sec.  4284.960
(Monitoring and reporting program performance) to specify that
performance reports would include required data related to achieving
programmatic objectives and a comparison of accomplishments with the
objectives stated in the application. At a minimum, this would include
information on: (i) Expansion of customer base as a result of the
project; (ii) Increased revenue returned to the producer as a result of
the project; (iii) Jobs created or saved as a result of the project;
and (iv) Evidence of receipt of matching funds, if included or provided
for in the project. The Agency also may request any additional project
and/or performance data for the project for which grant funds have been
received, for example, information that would promote greater
understanding of the determinants of success of individual projects,
inform program administration and evaluation, or that would enable the
use of data for program administration or evaluation purposes.
    Until such time as the Agency determines that additional data may
be necessary to further inform program performance, the Agency will
continue to utilize the data associated with the current Office of
Management and Budget approved information collection requirements for
the program. If and when the Agency determines that additional data is
necessary, it will submit a new information collection package to OMB
for review and approval prior to publication in the Federal Register
for public review and input.

I. Filing Instructions (Sec.  4284.933)

Submission requirements provide information on completeness of
applications, but do not explicitly state that because the program is a
nationally-competitive program, no revisions or additional information
will be accepted after the application deadline. Therefore, the Agency
is clarifying that no revisions or additional information will be
accepted after the application deadline.

J. Proposal Evaluation Criteria and Scoring Applications (Sec.
4284.942)

The priority point criterion (Criterion 5) was reconfigured to
accommodate awarding of points to projects that ``best contribute'' to
the creation of or increase

[[Page 26793]]

in marketing opportunities for members of specified priority groups,
per the 2014 Farm Bill language.

III. Summary of Comments and Responses

The Interim Rule was published in the Federal Register on February
23, 2011 (76 FR 10090), with a 60-day comment period that ended April
25, 2011. The Agency also conducted a listening session on April 25,
2014, to receive comments on the VAPG provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill.
    Comments on the Interim Rule were received from 11 commenters, and
comments on the VAPG provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill were received
from 2 commenters. Combined, these commenters provided approximately 14
similar comments. Commenters included industry and trade associations
and individuals. As a result of some of the comments, the Agency made
changes in the rule. The Agency sincerely appreciates the time and
effort of all commenters.
    Responses to the comments on the interim rule and those received
during the listening session are discussed below. Comments are grouped
by category and rule section.

A. General

Timing of Final Rule
    Comment: Two commenters stated that some of the shortfalls in the
Interim Rule are quite serious and deserve to be addressed shortly
after conclusion of the 2010/11 grant round. The commenters urged the
Agency not to leave this Interim Rule in place for more than this
upcoming grant cycle and recommended that the Agency issue a second
Interim Rule or a Final Rule by the time the 2012 NOSA is issued.
    Response: While the Agency appreciates the fact that the commenters
are concerned about certain provisions in the Interim Rule published in
2011, the Agency has had to continue implementing the VAPG program
under the Interim Rule until it had the opportunity to consider fully
all of the comments received on the Interim Rule and now to also be
able to incorporate new provisions associated with the 2014 Farm Bill.
Hence, the Agency is publishing this Final Rule to address all of the
comments received on the Interim Rule.
Review Panels
    Comment: One commenter stated that they understand the Agency chose
not to put information in the Interim Rule about who will do the review
and evaluation of project proposals. This information has instead
appeared in the annual NOSA. The commenter stated that they can
appreciate the Agency's hesitancy in placing this type of information
in the rule. The iterative NOSA process allows for the evolution of the
program in a more flexible manner. The commenter stated that they
believe the Agency should reflect on the experience of the program over
time, especially with respect to the 2009 and 2010/11 process, and
should include in either a second Interim Rule or in the Final Rule the
broad outlines of the review process which could then still be adjusted
within those broad parameters on a year-by-year basis.
    As part of the review, the commenter strongly encourages the Agency
to explore the experiences of sister agencies at USDA that also operate
review panels. The program would be improved by insertion of a section
in the rule on review panels, provided that it is not as specific and
rigid as to not allow positive program evolution over time.
    Response: The Agency disagrees with the recommendation to
incorporate into the rule even a broad outline of the review process
because of the ensuing loss of flexibility. The Agency also disagrees
with the suggestion to include a section in the rule concerning review
panels. Compared to some programs that use a review panel process, the
VAPG program has a much higher volume of applications and applications
that are more diverse in nature. Because of these two characteristics,
a set review panel process, in the Agency's estimation, does not offer
any benefits compared to the current process in which applications are
scored by both Rural Development state office personnel and assigned,
qualified, non-federal independent reviewers. Therefore, the Agency has
not incorporated either of the commenter's suggestions in the Final
Rule.

B. Purpose (Sec.  4284.901)

Comment: One commenter stated that the ``Purpose'' section of the
rule speaks to the major activities of the program--``to develop
businesses that produce and market value-added agricultural
products''--but does not actually address the underlying purpose of the
program. The commenter recommended the addition of language that speaks
to the purpose of the program, namely to ``create expanded marketing
opportunities, increase producer income, and enhance community economic
development.''
    Response: In consideration of this comment, the Agency has included
reference to creating marketing opportunities for businesses in the
Purpose section.

C. Definitions (Sec.  4284.902)

Agricultural Producer
    Comment: Two commenters noted that the definition of ``agricultural
producer'' has been expanded from individuals and entities actively
engaged in production to also include those who maintain ownership and
financial control of an operation without being actively engaged in
labor and management.
    The commenters claimed that this change could ``open the
floodgates'' to non-farm passive investors and landlords to reap the
benefits of a program clearly intended to raise incomes for producers.
The commenters urge USDA to amend the definition of ``agricultural
producer'' to read as follows:
    ``Agricultural producer''. An individual or entity directly engaged
in the production of an agricultural commodity, or that has the legal
right to harvest an agricultural commodity, that is the subject of the
value-added project. Agricultural producers may ``directly engage''
through substantially participating in the labor, management, and field
operations.''
    Response: The Agency agrees with the basic concerns expressed by
the commenters and has revised the definition by removing reference to
agricultural producers who only maintain ownership and financial
control of the agricultural operation.
Beginning Farmer or Rancher
    Comment: Two commenters expressed concern over the definition of
beginning farmer or rancher.
    One of the commenters stated that a citation for a very lengthy
statutory definition (4 pages) is provided in the Interim Rule as part
of this VAPG program definition for ``beginning farmer or rancher,''
even though the majority of the requirements in the statutory
definition apply only to FSA loan programs and do not appear applicable
to RD grant programs.
    The commenter recommended that the Agency drop the statutory
citation in the Interim Rule and simply specify the eligibility
requirements that are applicable to beginning farmers and ranchers. The
other commenter stated that the ``beginning farmer or rancher''
definition, as well as the related language in Sec.  4284.922(c)(1)(i),
must be fixed to make its meaning clear and precise. According to the
commenter, the definition in the Interim Rule is extremely convoluted,
could be difficult

[[Page 26794]]

for users, administrators, and review panels to interpret in its
current form, and thus needs to be clearer and cleaner.
    Response: The Agency agrees with both commenters that the
definition needs to be both simpler and clearer. The Agency has removed
the statutory citation and added reference to Independent Producer to
address the ``substantial participation'' concern. In addition, we have
reformatted the definition to make clearer the definitional requirement
to be eligible for priority points and for the reserved funding pool
that includes beginning farmers and ranchers. The following table
illustrates the application of the definition for determining whether
the applicant qualifies as a beginning farmer or rancher for priority
points or the above mentioned reserved funding pool.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

Is the applicant a

beginning farmer or

rancher  eligible for . .
            If the applicant is . . .                    and has the following
.
                                                            characteristics
---------------------------

Priority      Reserved

points?      funding?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
An Independent Producer Individual..............   More than 10 years of
No            No
                                                   experience.
Yes           Yes
                                                   10 years or less of
                                                   experience.
An eligible entity (agricultural producer, a       50 percent or less of the
No            No
 farmer/rancher cooperative, or an independent     members have 10 years or.
............  ............
 producer other than a harvester).                 less of
experience...............          Yes            No
                                                   More than 50 percent of
                                                   the members have 10 years or
less
                                                   of experience.
                                                   100 percent of the
Yes           Yes
                                                   members have 10 years or less
of
                                                   experience.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

Farm- or Ranch-Based Renewable Energy
    Comment: Two commenters stated that USDA should clarify that an
accepted new added value of an agricultural commodity is its use in
qualifying for a tradable carbon credit if the production of renewable
energy destroys, reduces or mitigates the production of green-house
gases (GHG), or possibly for a renewable energy credit. If this new
added value of an agricultural commodity is accepted, then the Agency
needs to clarify in the rule, where appropriate, that equipment used to
measure and monitor greenhouse gases for trading purposes is a
legitimate expense covered by the program.
    Response: The Agency is not revising the rule as suggested by the
commenter because the Agency is bound by the authorizing statute to
consider only the following, whether the agricultural product: (1) Has
undergone a change in physical state, (2) was produced in a manner that
enhances the value of the agricultural commodity, (3) is physically
segregated in a manner that results in the enhancement of the value-
added agricultural commodity, (4) is a source of farm- or ranch-based
renewable energy, including E-85 fuel, and (5) is aggregated and
marketed as a locally produced agricultural food product.
    Comment: One commenter stated that this definition requires on-farm
generation of renewable energy by an Independent Producer that produces
the agricultural commodity used to generate the renewable energy on-
farm as a value-added product. The commenter then stated that the
Agency needs to clarify its policy regarding whether these projects
fulfill the statutory eligibility requirement that all VAPG projects
demonstrate an increase in customer base and an increase in revenues
returning to the producers as a result of the VA project. Specifically,
the Agency needs to clarify whether on-farm energy savings that result
from bio-based net metering of electricity, or utilizing methane for
thermal energy, or utilizing liquid fuels for farm machinery operations
will qualify (in other words, whether a farmer can use his own value-
added products to reduce his own operating costs to demonstrate
increased customer base and revenues).
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenter that all VAPG
projects must demonstrate an increase in customer base and an increase
in revenues returning to the producers as a result of the value-added
project. A farmer that uses a value-added product to simply reduce the
farm's operating costs does not meet the intent of these two conditions
and would not qualify (see Scenario 3 below). Thus, there is no
``perk'' as characterized by the commenter and as such there is no
effect on the other product eligibility categories to put them at a
disadvantage.
    The Agency acknowledges, however, that there are situations where
making such determinations with regards to renewable energy are not
necessarily clear. To help understand the application of this
definition with regard to determining project eligibility, consider the
following scenarios.
    Scenario 1. A farmer installs an anaerobic digester to use cow
manure to produce electricity and sells that electricity to the local
utility. The electricity generated by the digester qualifies as
renewable energy. The local utility represents an increase in the
customer base and the farmer sees a direct increase in revenues from
the sale of the electricity to the utility. Thus, this project
qualifies as a value-added project eligible for consideration for a
grant.
    Scenario 2. Same scenario as Scenario 1, except that, instead of
selling the electricity to the local utility, the farmer uses it to
generate heat and power for a hydroponics facility on the farm from
which a value-added product is produced. In this second example, the
renewable energy project also qualifies. By producing the value-added
product, the farmer is expanding his customers to those customers
buying the value-added product. The farmer is seeing an increase in his
revenue either directly as the result of sales of the new value-added
product or indirectly as a reduction in operating costs of the farm.
Thus, this project also qualifies as a value-added project eligible for
consideration for a grant.
    Scenario 3. Same scenario as Scenario 1, except under Scenario 3
the farmer uses all of the electricity generated by the anaerobic
digester to replace electricity purchased from the local utility to
help power current farm operations. While the farmer sees an indirect
increase in revenues through a reduction in operating costs (as in
Scenario 2), there is no increase in the customer base for the farmer.
Therefore, both conditions are not met and the project would not be
eligible for a VAPG grant.

[[Page 26795]]

The Agency revised the subject definition in order to clarify how
the definition is to be applied.
    Comment: One commenter, as a marketer of photovoltaic solar
systems, believes that the elimination of grants for renewable energy
systems is not a step we can take if we want to move forward as a
nation.
    Response: The definition for ``Farm- or Ranch-based renewable
energy'' states, in part, that on-farm generation of energy from wind,
solar, geothermal, or hydro sources are not eligible. The project
eligibility category related to renewable energy was set by the 2008
Farm Bill and states that a Value-Added Agricultural Product is ``a
source of farm- or ranch-based renewable energy, including E-85 fuel.''
Notwithstanding the virtues of solar systems as described by the
commenter, it is the Agency's position that solar is not an
agricultural commodity or a Value-Added agricultural product. The
Agency notes that agricultural producers and rural small businesses may
apply for grants under the Rural Energy for America Program for solar
projects as described by the applicant.
Feasibility Study, Marketing Plan, and Planning Grant
    Comment: Two commenters recommended adding a sentence cross-
referencing the up to 25 percent in-kind match option in Sec.
4284.923(a) and (b), as is already done for the ``conflict of
interest'' definition and the ``matching grant'' definition. According
to the commenters, the addition of the cross reference will remove
confusion that is otherwise created as to whether the definitions
override the exception.
    One of the commenters stated that another viable option with
respect to the feasibility study, marketing plan, and planning grant
definitions is to simply describe the study, plan or grant, without
reference to the qualified consultant as has been done in the case of
``business plan.'' The commenter further stated that they would support
either option.
    Response: The Agency has decided to adopt the second suggestion in
order to minimize the confusion identified by the commenters and thus
has revised the three definitions by removing reference to ``qualified
consultant.''
Independent Producers
    Comment: Three commenters were concerned that the definition of
``harvester'' within the Independent Producer definition needed
clarification.
    Two of the commenters stated that clarifications may be in order to
ensure that third-party entities used to build, manage and operate
anaerobic digesters are considered to be ``harvesters of an
agricultural commodity'' (e.g., animal manure) and eligible for
participation in the VAPG Program as an ``Independent Producer.''
    The third commenter stated that the Interim Rule lacks sufficient
detail to demonstrate ``what and who'' qualifies as a ``harvester.''
Because the definition is limited to an Independent Producer
Agricultural Producer who has the ``legal right to harvest an
agricultural commodity,'' it raises a potential, yet unintended,
conflict with the primary program purpose that all Independent
Producers ``currently own and produce the agricultural commodity to
which value will be added.''
    This commenter recommended that the Agency clarify ``what and who''
qualifies in the ``harvester'' category, and specifically state whether
or not a simple collection or gathering of any agricultural commodity
suffices. According to the commenter, simple collection of an
agricultural commodity by a non-agricultural producer would not meet
the stated intention of the program. The commenter provided the
following examples: (1) A logger who has the legal right to harvest
logs from a land owner would be eligible, but a non-logger wanting to
simply collect unwanted slash from the landing of a land-owner or
logger would not be eligible, and (2) a non-agricultural producer
business simply wanting to collect dairy manure from various farming
operations to convert it to renewable energy would not be eligible. The
commenter stated that, for these reasons, the Interim Rule needs to
clarify these eligibility distinctions.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenters that the meaning of
``Harvester'' needs to be clarified and strengthened and has done so
(including adding a definition for Harvester).
    The Agency disagrees, however, with the two commenters that the
third-party entities collecting animal manure for use in anaerobic
digesters, as described by the two commenters, are eligible for the
program. The Agency agrees with the examples provided by the third
commenter as to which ``Harvesters'' would or would not be eligible to
participate in the VAPG program.
    For the purposes of the VAPG program, the Agency has determined
that entities and individuals, such as those described by the
commenter, that merely glean, gather or collect residual commodities
that result from an initial harvesting or production of a primary
agricultural commodity are not considered ``Harvesters'' and are not
eligible for this program. For example, see the 2014 NOFA for the
program (78 FR 70261, November 25, 2013). In the added definition, the
Agency has clarified that the entity's (or individual's) harvest must
be a ``primary'' agricultural commodity in order to be eligible; a
harvester cannot merely glean, gather, or collect residual commodities.
So for example, a logger who has a legal right to access and harvest
logs from the forest that are then converted into boards would be an
eligible applicant, as would a fisherman that has the legal right to
access and harvest fish from the ocean or river that are then
processed.
    Comment: One commenter recommended revising the definition of
``Independent Producers'' and elsewhere as appropriate to clarify
whether ``harvesters'' are eligible for priority points and reserved
funds for certain applicant types. Specifically, one or more
definitions need to clarify whether ``harvesters'' are the equivalent
of ``farmers'' and, if so, the Interim Rule needs to specify their
eligibility for both priority points and reserved funds in applicable
categories.
    Response: As indicated by the commenter, harvesters may only apply
as an Independent Producer applicant type in order to be eligible for
the VAPG program. However, harvester operations do not meet the
definition requirements for a Farm or Ranch and, as such, harvesters
are not equivalent to farmers or ranchers. Harvester applicants,
therefore, are not eligible to receive reserve funds for a Beginning
Farmer or Rancher or a Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher; and
are not eligible to receive Priority Points for a Beginning Farmer or
Rancher, a Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher, Operator of a
Small or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch structured as a Family Farm, or a
Farmer or Rancher Cooperative.
    However, if the harvester is proposing a mid-tier value chain
project, then the harvester would be eligible for priority points and
for competing for mid-tier value chain reserve funding. The Agency has
revised the rule to clarify who is eligible for priority points (see
Sec.  4284.924) and who is eligible for reserved funding (see Sec.
4284.923).
Medium-Sized Farm
    Comment: One commenter supported the increase from $700,000 to $1
million in the annual gross sales-based definition of medium-sized farm
or ranch. The commenter believes this will more adequately reflect
commodity, enterprise, and regional differences, while ensuring program
funds are

[[Page 26796]]

targeted to the ``disappearing middle'' of agriculture.
    Response: The Agency thanks the commenter for supporting the change
made to this definition in the Interim Rule and has retained the $1
million ceiling in the Final Rule.
Mid-Tier Value Chain
    Comment: Four commenters recommended expanding the definition of a
Mid-Tier to include direct sales to consumers as well as to businesses
and cooperatives.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the recommendation and has added
reference to ``consumers'' to the definition in the rule.

D. Applicant Eligibility (7 CFR 4284.920)

Comment: One commenter recommended that, because many local food
initiatives have been created as community based non-profits, non-
profit entities that are benefitting small and medium producer or
ranchers be included as a fifth type of eligible applicant type for the
reserve funds for the Mid-Tier Value Chain.
    Response: The Agency has not revised the rule as requested by the
commenter because the authorizing statute identifies the applicant
types that are eligible for the VAPG program and the Agency cannot add
another applicant type without statutory authority.

E. Project Eligibility (Sec.  4284.922)

Branding
    Comment: Three commenters oppose the removal of limitations on
branding activity costs. One of the commenters stated that the VAPG
program should not promote advertising as a primary project function.
    One of the commenters agreed that, though branding is an essential
part of developing a new product, it should not be the sole focus of a
VAPG project. Even a complete marketing plan (of which branding is just
one part) is only a fraction of what's needed for any good VAPG
project--one which helps farmers develop new value-added products.
    The commenter recommended that the Final Rule stress Sec.
4284.922(a)(1) in stating that projects that are primarily branding
projects do not meet the criteria of VAPG. The commenter suggested that
one way this could be done is to include relevant language from the
past NOSAs. The 2009 NOFA under the section titled ``Other Eligibility
Requirements'' and from the Proposed Rule, under Sec.  4284.922(c):
``Applications that propose only branding, packaging, or other similar
means of product differentiation are not eligible in any category.
However, applications may propose branding, packaging, or other product
differentiation activities as a component of a value-added strategy for
products otherwise eligible in one of the above categories.''
    One of the commenters stated that, by eliminating this section, the
Agency gives the impression that it is endorsing projects that are 100
percent for branding. This is in direct contradiction to the
requirement under Sec.  4284.222(a)(1) that the project must focus on
adding value to a product in one of five defined ways. The commenter
stated that, by permitting all grant funds to be used for branding, the
Agency would be opening the floodgates to becoming a program to support
the advertising and branding budgets as if it were a domestic
equivalent of the Market Access Program.
    Response: As stated in the response to comments on branding in the
Interim Rule, the Agency recognizes that branding and packaging are
important components of value-added marketing strategies. The program's
authorizing statute is clear that creation of marketing opportunities
is an important component of the program. The use of funds to develop
plans and strategies to create marketing opportunities necessarily
includes product differentiation and promotional activities, without
which, there would be no ability to accomplish two key program
requirements: Expansion of customer base and increased revenue returned
to the producers of the value-added product. All applicants, including
those with significant branding or advertising components must still
meet all other program eligibility requirements, including meeting one
of the five value-added project methodology categories. Therefore, no
changes related to branding have been made.
Purpose Eligibility
    Comment: Two commenters noted that, in Sec.  4284.922(b)(6)(i) of
the Interim Rule, a new provision exempts Independent Producers with
existing products from applying for working capital grants of $50,000
or more from providing feasibility studies. The commenters stated that
they recognize that in theory this modification to the rule could serve
individual farmers in need of marketing assistance for their value-
added products. However, the commenters worry that, without
limitations, VAPG could easily become a program for marketing rather
than predominantly for developing value-added products. One of the
commenters encouraged the Agency to comprehensively track applications
and awards for this subset of the program and to monitor the extent to
which it modifies the current success of VAPG.
    The other commenter stated that this new provision seems to open a
loophole for any old products that need a new advertising campaign.
    Response: The program's authorizing statute provides that only
Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and
Majority Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures are subject to the
`emerging market' requirement. That leaves otherwise qualified
Independent Producer applicants free to propose projects that expand
markets for existing value-added products. As such, the Agency deems
the long-standing requirement of a business or marketing plan in lieu
of a feasibility study as sufficient and plans no changes in rule. In
addition, as stated in response to the comments above regarding
branding and advertising, it is the Agencies position that the use of
grant funds to create marketing opportunities through product
differentiation and promotional campaigns are important components in
accomplishing program objectives.
Reserved Funds Eligibility
    Comment: One commenter stated that a problem occurs in Sec.
4284.922(c)(1)(i) (as found in the Interim Rule) in the last sentence
of that paragraph. According to the commenter, the sentence appears to
mean that any independent farm, in order to qualify for the beginning
farmer set-aside or priority, must be a farm in which all owners are
beginning farmers. The way the sentence is stated, however, it could
also mean that any applicant entity, made up of multiple farms, must be
entirely made up of beginning farmers.
    In support, the commenter pointed out that Sec.  4284.922(c)(1)(i)
says ``For applicant entities with multiple owners, all owners must be
eligible beginning farmers or ranchers'' while (d)(1) says ``For
entities with multiple owners or members, 51 percent of owners or
members must be eligible beginning farmers or ranchers.'' This is
contradictory and requires a simple clarification of terms to
distinguish between eligible farms and eligible entities under the
beginning farmer priority and set-aside.
    Response: While the commenter is correct in identifying the
differences between the paragraphs, the differences are not in error.
As stated earlier in response to a comment on the definition of
``Beginning Farmer or Rancher,'' there

[[Page 26797]]

is an eligibility distinction with regard to priority points versus
reserved funding. Specifically, to be eligible for priority points, at
least 51 percent of the farmers in an entity composed of multiple
farmers must each have no more than 10 years of experience. (Note: In
the Final Rule, ``at least 51 percent'' has been changed to ``more than
50 percent''.) However, to be eligible for the reserved funding that
includes beginning farmers and ranchers, all of the farmers (100
percent) in an entity composed of multiple farmers must have no more
than 10 years of experience. This is based on the differences contained
in the authorizing language in the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act
of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill), resulting in two separate priority
categories. The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 in section
6002(6) stated that the Secretary shall give priority to projects that
``contribute to opportunities'' for beginning and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, while subparagraph (7)(C) stated
that the Secretary shall reserve 10 percent of the amounts made
available for each fiscal year under this paragraph to fund projects
``that benefit: beginning farmers or ranchers or socially-disadvantaged
farmers or ranchers.'' While the Agricultural Act of 2014 does not
contain the ``contribute to opportunities'' language, it still contains
separate language in paragraph (6) that gives ``priority'' to beginning
farmers or ranchers and socially-disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. The
Agency has revised the rule to clarify this.
    Comment: Four commenters who recommended that the definition of a
Mid-Tier be expanded to include direct sales to consumers, recommended
the following change to Sec.  4284.922(c)(2)(ii) (as found in the
Interim Rule): Describe at least two alliances, linkages, or
partnerships within the value chain that link independent producers
with businesses, cooperatives or consumers directly that market value-
added agricultural commodities or value added products in a manner that
benefits small or medium-sized farms and ranches that are structured as
a family farm, including the names of the parties and the nature of
their collaboration.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenters and has revised the
rule accordingly.
    Comment: Four commenters stated that they recognize the
requirements in Sec.  4284.922(c)(2)(v) (as found in the Interim Rule)
and the critical importance of the raw agricultural product being
utilized for the value-added product comes from the project
participants. However, in the case of the Mid-Tier Value Chain, the
commenters feel that 50 percent ownership of the product should not be
required of the applicant organization because this organization is not
an agricultural producer. Rather, the benefiting agricultural farmers
and ranchers of the applicant organization should be required to adhere
to this rule. The commenters proposed the following change to the
Interim Rule for this section: Demonstrate that the benefiting small or
medium sized farms or ranches that are structured as a family farm of
the applicant organization currently owns and produces more than 50
percent of the raw agricultural commodity that will be used for the
value added product that is the subject of the proposal.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenter and applies this
provision in the Final Rule as described by the commenter. As a
reminder, however, the applicant organization must be a producer-based
organization. So for example, if an applicant organization is composed
of wheat growers and rice growers and that organization is proposing a
VAPG project that benefits only the wheat growers, the Agency applies
this provision by looking at whether the wheat growers own and produce
more than 50 percent of the raw agricultural commodity that will be
used for the VAPG project. To clarify this, the Agency has revised this
paragraph to indicate that the members of the applicant organization
that are benefiting from the proposed project must currently own and
produce more than 50 percent of the raw agricultural commodity that
will be used for the value added product that is the subject of the
proposal.

F. Eligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds (Sec.  4284.923)

Comment: One commenter suggested that, in order to keep business
and enterprise planning of VAPG projects farmer-centered, farmers and
ranchers directly participate in the development of VAPG projects and
be allowed to count their time as an in-kind contribution toward the
program's matching requirements. The Interim Rule responded to this
suggestion by allowing time to count as an in-kind contribution up to
25 percent of the total project costs.
    The commenter applauded the Agency for this decision and believes
it is a step in the right direction. The commenter urged the Agency to
do a detailed assessment of the 25 percent cap, including a survey of
applicants after the next grant round to get detailed reactions to the
25 percent cap. If the assessment, including the survey, reveals the 25
percent cap is a barrier to the program meeting its objectives,
including participation by the statutory priority groups, they would
then urge the Agency to raise the cap.
    Response: The Agency appreciates the commenter's support of the
change, which is retained in the Final Rule. The Agency will take under
advisement the commenter's suggestion for an assessment of the 25
percent cap.

G. Simplified Application (Sec.  4284.932)

Comment: One commenter commended the Agency's commitment to
developing a simplified application form, as required by statute, in
the annual Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for the
program. The commenter stated that they trust it will appear in the
NOSA for FY 2010/11 funding and thereafter and further stated that they
will comment on the simplified application when it appears in the NOSA.
    Response: The Agency acknowledges the comment and looks forward to
continuing to help improve the simplified application for the program.

H. Priority Points (Sec.  4284.942)

The 2014 Farm Bill added Veteran Farmers and Ranchers as an
additional priority group. The Agency is including this group in the
Final Rule as a priority group and is implementing provisions
consistent with the provisions identified in the March 24, 2014 notice
published in the Federal Register (79 FR 16277) that extended the
application deadline and added priority for Veteran Farmers and
Ranchers.
    The Agency also received the comments concerning scoring associated
with priority groups as presented below.
Priority Groups
    Comment: One commenter opposed the changes in point scoring that
appear to reduce the priority awarded to statutory priority groups,
which is important to meeting the goals of the VAPG program.
    A second commenter stated that they had recommended that the Agency
increase the percentage of total proposal evaluation ranking points for
projects that foster the program's statutory priority for small and
medium-sized family farms and beginning and Socially-Disadvantaged
farmers, from 15 to 25 out of a total of 100 points. They further
stated that the Interim Rule, however, moves in the exactly the
opposite direction, decreasing those ranking points from 15 to 10
points.

[[Page 26798]]

The commenter stated that it strains the meaning of the word
``priority'' to assign it a ten percent factor. Ten percent might be
appropriate in a ``bonus'' situation in which the factor might be
considered a minor distinguishing item, but it certainly does not come
close to being a priority factor.
    The commenter stated that they are deeply concerned that, if this
decision is not reversed, non-priority applicants will push aside
priority applicants and one of the intended goals of the program will
not be realized. The commenter strongly urged the Agency to issue a
Final Rule that provides a real priority to the statutory priority
classes. The commenter recommended that 25 percent of the total point
value be assigned to statutory priorities, with review panels then
assessing which projects best foster the priority for small and mid-
sized family farms and beginning and Socially-Disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers and providing evaluative ranking points accordingly.
    Response: Through the 2008 Farm Bill, the Agency was instructed to
give priority to certain categories of applicants. Giving priority does
not mean that the program should only fund applications submitted by
those groups, but rather, all things being equal, the applications from
such groups should receive priority. The Final Rule does just that--
making the priority groups eligible for points that are not available
to applicants in non-priority groups. The distribution of points during
application scoring process from the last few application rounds, since
the Interim Rule was implemented, has resulted in the majority of
awards being made to applicants from the priority categories. Thus, the
Agency has not revised the distribution of points in response to this
comment.
Rural Areas
    Comment: Two commenters were concerned over the elimination in the
Interim Rule of the potential for applicants to receive 10 points for
being located in a rural area. While the commenters agree that VAPG
projects cannot be strictly limited to rural areas, they disagree that
the program should not prioritize rural projects.
    Commenters indicated that there are good reasons to assign ranking
points to projects that are located in rural areas, even if the markets
they serve are both rural and urban. A key purpose of the program is to
raise farm income and improve the economy in farming communities. This
purpose can be legitimately advanced by providing some amount of
ranking points to projects located in rural areas. Furthermore, when
compared to urban agricultural producers, rural farmers and ranchers
face heightened challenges in accessing markets for their products. The
commenter recommended reinstating 10 points for rural projects, thus
demonstrating a continued commitment to rural economic development.
    A third commenter also opposed removing the priority points for
rural projects, which is important, according to the commenter, to
meeting the goals of the VAPG program.
    Response: The statute does not include a rural area requirement for
this program and it is the opinion of the agency that priority points
for rural areas was not practical in the implementation of this
program. Therefore, a rural requirement has never been implemented. And
therefore, this provision does not provide priority points for rural
projects.

I. Award Process (Sec.  4284.950)

The 2014 Farm Bill includes a provision that requires the Agency to
give priority to Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher
Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures
whose projects (including farmer or rancher cooperative projects) best
contribute to creating or increasing marketing opportunities for
operators of Small- and Medium-size Farms and Ranches that are
structured as Family Farms, Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers.
The Agency received comments from stakeholders on this provision during
the April 25th listening session. In addition, the Agency received
comments on very similar language the Agency included in the preamble
to the Interim Rule. The following summarizes the comments on this
provision and then presents the Agency's response as to how this
provision is implemented in the Final Rule.
    Comment: In commenting on the Interim Rule, one commenter stated
that they had recommended that, when proposals are equally ranked,
those targeting the VAPG priority groups--small and medium-sized family
farms, beginning farmers and ranchers, and Socially-Disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers--receive priority and commended its inclusion in
the preamble to the Interim Rule. Without it also appearing in the rule
itself, however, they fear it will be overlooked by review panels in
the future. The commenter, therefore, recommended that the Agency
incorporate language as a new subsection (b) in Sec.  4284.942 and as a
revision to subsection (a) in Sec.  4284.950, as follows.
    Response: The Agency has not revised the rule in response to these
comments. The Administrator has the final authority and discretion in
assigning points to any application based upon unserved or underserved
areas; geographic diversity; emergency conditions and priority mission
area plans, goals, and objectives. Based upon this authority, there
would never be a need for breaking a tie in the manner suggested.

IV. 2014 Farm Bill Implementation

The 2014 Farm Bill required the Agency to make changes to the VAPG
program in two areas regarding priority:
     Priority to Veteran Farmers and Ranchers
     Priority to Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or
Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business
Ventures for projects that `best contribute' to new or expanded
marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, or operators of Small- and Medium-
sized Family Farms and Ranches) The following paragraphs discuss how
the Agency is implementing these priorities in the Final Rule.

A. Veteran Farmer or Rancher Priority

The 2014 Farm Bill added a new priority for Veteran Farmers and
Ranchers. The definition of a Veteran Farmer or Rancher, as provided by
the 2014 Farm Bill, is a farmer or rancher who has served in the Armed
Forces, as defined in section 101(10) of title 38 United States Code,
and who either has not operated a farm or ranch or has operated a farm
or ranch for not more than 10 years.
    To qualify for priority points for projects that contribute to
increasing opportunities for Veteran Farmers and Ranchers, applicants
must submit form DD-214, Report of Separation from the U.S. Military
and meet the requirements for Beginning Farmers or Ranchers at 7 CFR
4284.922(d) and in the application guides, as well as all other program
requirements.

B. Best Contributing Priority

The 2014 Farm Bill added a new priority for Agricultural Producer
Groups, Farmer and Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled
Producer-Based Business Ventures (applicant group) whose projects
``best contribute to creating or increasing marketing opportunities''
for operators

[[Page 26799]]

of Small- and Medium-sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as
Family Farms, Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers, and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers (priority
groups). Applications must contain sufficient information as described
in the annual solicitation and application package to enable the Agency
to make the appropriate determinations for awarding points for this
priority. If the application does not contain sufficient information,
the Agency will not award points accordingly.
    The Agency is implementing this priority by awarding up to 5
additional points based on documentation of the composition of the
applicant's existing membership and anticipated expansion of membership
as a way to assess creating or increasing marketing opportunities for
the four priority groups. The Agency will use the following three
criteria to award up to five points for this new priority.
    1. If the existing membership of the applicant group is comprised
of either more than 75 percent of any one of the four priority groups
or more than 75 percent of any combination of the four priority groups,
the application is eligible for two points.
    2. If the existing membership of the applicant group is comprised
of two or more of the priority groups, the application is eligible to
receive one point. One point is awarded regardless of whether a group's
membership is comprised of two, three, or all of the four priority
groups.
    3. If the proposed project in the applicant group's application
will increase the number of priority groups that comprise the applicant
group's membership by one or more priority group, the application is
eligible to receive two points. However, if an applicant group's
membership is already comprised of all four priority groups, such an
applicant would not be eligible for points under this criterion because
there is no opportunity to increase the number of priority groups. Note
also that this criterion does not consider either the percentage of the
existing membership that is comprised of the four priority groups or
the number of priority groups currently comprising the applicant
group's membership.

List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 4284

Agricultural commodities, Grant programs, Housing and community
development, Rural areas, Rural development, Value-added activities.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, under the authority at 5
U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989, chapter XLII of title 7 of the Code of
Federal Regulations (CFR) is amended as follows:

CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

PART 4284--GRANTS

0
1. The authority citation for part 4284 is revised to read as follows:

Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
    Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C 1932(e). Subpart G also
issued under 7 U.S.C 1926(a)(11). Subpart J also issued under 7
U.S.C. 1632(a). Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

0
2. Part 4284 is amended by revising subpart J to read as follows:
Subpart J--Value-Added Producer Grant Program

General

Sec.
4284.901 Purpose.
4284.902 Definitions.
4284.903 Review or appeal rights.
4284.904 Exception authority.
4284.905 Nondiscrimination and compliance with other Federal laws.
4284.906 State laws, local laws, regulatory commission regulations.
4284.907 Environmental requirements.
4284.908 Compliance with other regulations.
4284.909 Forms, regulations, and instructions.
4284.910-4284.914 [Reserved]

Funding and Programmatic Change Notifications

4284.915 Notifications.
4284.916-4284.919 [Reserved]

Eligibility

4284.920 Applicant eligibility.
4284.921 Ineligible applicants.
4284.922 Project eligibility.
4284.923 Reserved funds eligibility.
4284.924 Priority scoring eligibility.
4284.925 Eligible uses of grant and matching funds.
4284.926 Ineligible uses of grant and matching funds.
4284.927 Funding limitations.
4284.928-4284.929 [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant

4284.930 Preliminary review.
4284.931 Application package.
4284.932 Simplified application.
4284.933 Filing instructions.
4284.934-4284.939 [Reserved]

Processing and Scoring Applications

4284.940 Processing applications.
4284.941 Application withdrawal.
4284.942 Proposal evaluation criteria and scoring applications.
4284.943-4284.949 [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreement

4284.950 Award process.
4284.951 Obligate and award funds.
4284.952-4284.959 [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements

4284.960 Monitoring and reporting program performance.
4284.961 Grant servicing.
4284.962 Transfer of obligations.
4284.963 Grant close out and related activities.
4284.964-4284.999 [Reserved]

General

Sec.  4284.901 Purpose.
    This subpart implements the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market
Development grant program (Value-Added Producer Grants (VAPG))
administered by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service whereby grants
are made to enable viable Agricultural Producers (those who are
prepared to progress to the next business level of planning for, or
engaging in, Value-Added Agricultural Production) to develop businesses
that produce and market Value-Added Agricultural Products and to create
marketing opportunities for such businesses. The provisions of this
subpart constitute the entire provisions applicable to this Program;
the provisions of subpart A of this part do not apply to this subpart.


Sec.  4284.902  Definitions.

The following definitions apply to this subpart:
    Administrator. The Administrator of the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service or designees or successors.
    Agency. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service or successor for the
programs it administers.
    Agricultural commodity. An unprocessed product of farms, ranches,
nurseries, and forests and natural and man-made bodies of water, that
the Independent Producer has cultivated, raised, or harvested with
legal access rights. Agricultural commodities include plant and animal
products and their by-products, such as crops, forestry products,
hydroponics, nursery stock, aquaculture, meat, on-farm generated
manure, and fish and seafood products. Agricultural commodities do not
include horses or other animals raised or sold as pets, such as cats,
dogs, and ferrets.
    Agricultural food product. Agricultural food products can be raw,
cooked, or processed edible substances, beverages, or ingredients
intended for human consumption. These products cannot be animal feed,
live animals (except for seafood products customarily sold and/or
consumed live), non-harvested plants, fiber, medicinal products,
cosmetics, tobacco products, or narcotics.

[[Page 26800]]

Agricultural producer. (1) An individual or entity that produces an
Agricultural Commodity through participation in the day-to-day labor,
management, and field operations; or that has the legal right to
harvest an Agricultural Commodity that is the subject of the VAPG
project.
    (2) The Agency shall determine the Agricultural producer status of
Tribes and Tribal entities without regard to day-to-day labor,
management, and field operation and right to harvest status.
    Agricultural producer group. A non-profit membership organization
that represents Independent Producers and whose mission includes
working on behalf of Independent Producers and the majority of whose
membership and board of directors is comprised of Independent
Producers. The Independent Producers, on whose behalf the value-added
work will be done, must be confirmed as eligible and identified by name
or class.
    Applicant. The legal entity submitting an application to
participate in the competition for program funding. The Applicant must
be legally structured to meet one of the four eligible Applicant types:
Independent Producer, Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher
Cooperative, or Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture.
    Beginning farmer or rancher. (1) For the purposes of determining
eligibility to receive priority points under Sec.  4284.924, a
Beginning Farmer or Rancher is either:
    (i) An individual Independent Producer (other than a Harvester)
that has operated a Farm or Ranch for no more than 10 years or
    (ii) An eligible Applicant entity, other than a Harvester, that has
an Applicant ownership or membership of more than 50 percent farmers or
ranchers each of whom have operated a Farm or Ranch for no more than 10
years.
    (2) For the purposes of determining eligibility to receive funding
reserved for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers under Sec.  4284.923, a
Beginning Farmer or Rancher is either:
    (i) An individual Independent Producer (other than a Harvester)
that has operated a Farm or Ranch for no more than 10 years or
    (ii) An eligible Applicant entity, other than a Harvester, that has
an Applicant ownership or membership comprised entirely of (i.e., 100
percent) farmers or ranchers that have operated a Farm or Ranch for no
more than 10 years.
    Business plan. A formal statement of a set of business goals, the
reasons why they are believed attainable, and the plan for reaching
those goals, including Pro Forma Financial Statements appropriate to
the term and scope of the Project and sufficient to evidence the
viability of the Venture. It may also contain background information
about the organization or team attempting to reach those goals.
    Change in physical state. An irreversible processing activity that
alters the raw Agricultural Commodity into a marketable Value-Added
Agricultural Product. This processing activity must be something other
than a post-harvest process that primarily acts to preserve the
commodity for later sale. Examples of eligible Value-Added Agricultural
Products in this category include, but are not limited to, fish
fillets, diced tomatoes, bio-diesel fuel, cheese, jam, and wool rugs.
Examples of ineligible products include, but are not limited to,
pressure-ripened produce; raw bottled milk; container grown trees;
young plants, seedlings or plugs; and cut flowers.
    Conflict of interest. A situation in which a person or entity has
competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it
difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use
of both grant and Matching Funds, Federal procurement standards apply
to the use of grant funds for purchases and hires, and prohibit
transactions that involve a real or apparent Conflict of Interest for
owners, employees, officers, agents, or their Immediate Family members
having a financial or other interest in the outcome of the Project; or
that restrict open and free competition for unrestrained trade.
Specifically, grant and Matching Funds may not be used to support costs
for services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with
a real or apparent Conflict of Interest, including, but not limited to,
owner(s) and their Immediate Family members. See Sec.  4284.925(a) and
(b) for limited exceptions to this definition and practice for VAPG.
    Departmental regulations. The regulations of the Department of
Agriculture's Office of Chief Financial Officer (or successor office)
as codified in 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 and any successor regulations to
these parts.
    Emerging market. A new or developing, geographic or demographic
market that is new to the Applicant or the Applicant's product. To
qualify as new, the Applicant cannot have supplied this product,
geographic, or demographic market for more than two years at time of
application submission.
    Family farm. A Farm (or Ranch) that produces agricultural
commodities for sale in sufficient quantity to be recognized as a farm
and not a rural residence; whose owners are primarily responsible for
daily physical labor and strategic management; whose hired help only
supplements family labor; and, whose owners are related by blood or
marriage or are Immediate Family.
    Farm or ranch. Any place from which $1,000 or more of agricultural
products were raised and sold or would have been raised and sold during
the previous year, but for an event beyond the control of the farmer or
rancher.
    Farm- or Ranch-based renewable energy. An Agricultural Commodity
that is used to generate renewable energy on a Farm or Ranch owned or
leased by the Independent Producer Applicant that produces the
Agricultural Commodity, such that the generated renewable energy, is
utilized in such a way that the applicant can demonstrate expanded
customer base and increased revenues returning to the producers of the
agricultural commodity as a result of the project. On-farm generation
of energy from wind, solar, geothermal or hydro sources is not eligible
for this program.
    Farmer or rancher cooperative. A business owned and controlled by
Independent Producers that is incorporated, or otherwise identified by
the state in which it operates, as a cooperatively operated business.
The Independent Producers, on whose behalf the value-added work will be
done, must be confirmed as eligible and identified by name or class.
    Feasibility study. An analysis of the economic, market, technical,
financial, and management capabilities of a proposed Project or
business in terms of the Project's expectation for success.
    Fiscal year. The Federal government's fiscal year.
    Harvester. An Independent Producer of an Agricultural Commodity
that is an individual or entity that can document that it has a legal
right to access and harvest the majority of a primary Agricultural
Commodity that will be used for the Value-Added Agricultural Product.
Individuals and entities that merely glean, gather, or collect residual
commodities that result from an initial harvesting or production of a
primary Agricultural Commodity are not considered Harvesters and are
not eligible for this program.
    Immediate family. Individuals who are closely related by blood,
marriage, or adoption, or live within the same household, such as a
spouse, domestic partner, parent, child, brother, sister, aunt, uncle,
grandparent, grandchild, niece, or nephew.
    Independent Producer. (1) Individual Agricultural Producers or
entities that are solely owned and controlled by Agricultural
Producers. Independent

[[Page 26801]]

Producers must produce and own more than 50 percent of the Agricultural
Commodity to which value will be added as the subject of the Project
proposal. Independent Producers must maintain ownership of the
Agricultural Commodity or product from its raw state through the
production and marketing of the Value-Added Agricultural Product.
Producers who produce the Agricultural Commodity under contract for
another entity, but do not own the Agricultural Commodity or Value-
Added Agricultural Product produced, are not considered Independent
Producers. Entities that contract out the production of an Agricultural
Commodity are not considered Independent Producers. Independent
Producer entities must confirm their owner members as eligible and must
identify them by name or class.
    (2) A Steering Committee must apply as an Independent Producer and
form a program-eligible legal entity prior to execution of the grant
agreement by the Agency. The Steering Committee and entity subsequently
formed must meet all other program eligibility requirements.
    (3) A Harvester must apply as an Independent Producer because
harvester operations do not meet the definition requirements for a Farm
or Ranch. Harvester applicants are therefore not eligible to receive
Reserved Funds and/or Priority Points for a Beginning Farmer or
Rancher, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher, operator of a Small-
or Medium-sized farm or ranch that is structured as a Family Farm, or a
Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, but may request Reserved Funds and/or
Priority Points for qualified Mid-Tier Value Chain projects.
    (4) The Agency shall determine the Independent Producer status of
Tribes or Tribal entities without regard to ownership of the commodity
to which value will be added so long as the tribal member participant,
tribal entity and/or Tribe own and control at least 50 percent of the
raw commodity necessary for the project, per the definition of
Independent Producer in Sec.  4284.902.
    Local or regional supply network. An interconnected group of
individuals and/or entities through which agricultural based products
move from production through consumption in a local or regional area of
the United States. Examples of participants in a supply network may
include Agricultural Producers, aggregators, processors, distributors,
wholesalers, retailers, consumers, and entities that organize or
provide facilitation services and technical assistance for development
of such networks.
    Locally-produced Agricultural Food Product. Any Agricultural Food
Product, as defined in this subpart, that is raised, produced, and
distributed in:
    (1) The locality or region in which the final product is marketed,
so that the total distance that the product is transported is less than
400 miles from the origin of the product; or
    (2) The State in which the product is produced.
    Majority-controlled producer-based business venture. An entity
(except Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives) in which more than 50 percent
of the financial ownership and voting control is held by Independent
Producers. Independent Producer members must be confirmed as eligible
and must be identified by name or class, along with their percentage of
ownership.
    Marketing plan. A plan for the project that identifies a market
window, potential buyers, a description of the distribution system and
possible promotional campaigns.
    Matching funds. A cost-sharing contribution to the project via
confirmed cash or funding commitments from eligible sources without a
real or apparent Conflict of Interest, that are used for eligible
project purposes during the grant funding period. Matching Funds must
be at least equal to the grant amount, and combined grant and Matching
Funds must equal 100 percent of the Total Project Costs. All Matching
Funds must be provided for in the approved budget, must be necessary
and reasonable for accomplishment of project or program objectives and
can be verified by authentic documentation from the source as part of
the application. Matching Funds must be provided in the form of
confirmed Applicant cash, loan, or line of credit, or provided in the
form of a confirmed Applicant or family member in-kind contribution
that meets the requirements and limitations in Sec.  4284.925(a) and
(b); or confirmed third-party cash or eligible third-party in-kind
contribution; or confirmed non-federal grant sources (unless otherwise
provided by law). Matching funds cannot be paid by the Federal
Government under another Federal award and are not included as
contributions for any other Federal Award. See examples of ineligible
Matching Funds and Matching Funds verification requirements in
Sec. Sec.  4284.926 and 4284.931.
    Medium-sized farm or ranch. A Farm or Ranch that is structured as a
Family Farm that has averaged $500,001 to $1,000,000 in annual gross
sales of agricultural commodities in the previous three years.
    Mid-tier value chain. Local and regional supply networks that link
Independent Producers with businesses, cooperatives, or consumers that
market Value-Added Agricultural Products in a manner that:
    (1) Targets and strengthens the profitability and competitiveness
of Small- and Medium-sized Farms or Ranches that are structured as a
Family Farm; and
    (2) Obtains agreement from an eligible Agricultural Producer Group,
Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or Majority-Controlled Producer-Based
Business Venture that is engaged in the value chain on a marketing
strategy.
    (3) For Mid-tier Value Chain projects, the Agency recognizes that,
in a supply chain network, a variety of raw Agricultural Commodity and
Value-Added Agricultural Product ownership and transfer arrangements
may be necessary. Consequently, Applicant ownership of the raw
Agricultural Commodity and Value-Added Agricultural Product from raw
through value-added stages is not necessarily required, as long as the
Mid-tier Value Chain application can demonstrate an increase in
customer base and an increase in revenue returns to the Applicant
producers supplying the majority of the raw Agricultural Commodity for
the project.
    Planning grant. A grant to facilitate the development of a defined
program of economic planning activities to determine the viability of a
potential value-added Venture, and specifically for the purpose of
paying for conducting and developing a Feasibility Study, Business
Plan, and/or Marketing Plan associated with the processing and/or
marketing of a Value-Added Agricultural Product.
    Produced in a manner that enhances the value of the Agricultural
Commodity. The use of a recognizably coherent set of agricultural
production practices in the growing or raising of the raw commodity,
such that a differentiated market identity is created for the resulting
product. Examples of eligible products in this category include, but
are not limited to, sustainably grown apples, eggs produced from free-
range chickens, or organically grown carrots.
    Physical segregation. Separating an Agricultural Commodity or
product on the same farm from other varieties of the same commodity or
product on the same farm during production and harvesting, with
assurance of continued separation from similar commodities during
processing and marketing in a

[[Page 26802]]

manner that results in the enhancement of the value of the separated
commodity or product. An example of a segregated product is non-GMO
corn separated from GMO corn.
    Pro forma financial statement. A financial statement that projects
the future financial position of a company. The statement is part of
the Business Plan and includes an explanation of all assumptions, such
as input prices, finished product prices, and other economic factors
used to generate the financial statements. The statement must include
projections for a minimum of three years in the form of cash flow
statements, income statements, and balance sheets.
    Project. All of the eligible activities to be funded by the grant
under this subpart and Matching Funds.
    Qualified consultant. An independent, third-party, without a
Conflict of Interest, possessing the knowledge, expertise, and
experience to perform the specific task required in an efficient,
effective, and authoritative manner.
    Rural Development. A mission area of the Under Secretary for Rural
Development within the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which
includes Rural Housing Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Rural
Business-Cooperative Service and their successors.
    Small-sized farm or ranch. A Farm or Ranch that is structured as a
Family Farm that has averaged $500,000 or less in annual gross sales of
agricultural products in the previous three years.
    Socially-disadvantaged farmer or rancher. This term has the meaning
given in section 355(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act (7 U.S.C. 2003(e)): Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher means
a farmer or rancher who is a member of a ``Socially-Disadvantaged
Group.''
    (1) For the purposes of determining eligibility to receive priority
points under Sec.  4284.924, if there are multiple farmer or rancher
owners of the Applicant organization, more than 50 percent of the
ownership must be held by members of a Socially-Disadvantaged Group.
    (2) For the purposes of determining eligibility to received funding
reserved for Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers under Sec.
4284.923, if there are multiple farmer or rancher owners of the
Applicant organization, all farmer and rancher owners (i.e., 100
percent) must be members of a Socially-Disadvantaged Group.
    Socially-Disadvantaged group. A group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their
identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities.
    State. Any of the 50 States of the United States, the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau,
the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of the Marshall
Islands.
    State office. USDA Rural Development offices located in each State.
    Steering committee. An unincorporated group comprised wholly of
specifically identified Independent Producers in the process of
organizing one of the four program eligible entity types (Independent
Producer, Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative or
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture.
    Total project cost. The sum of all grant and Matching Funds in the
project budget that reflects the eligible project tasks associated with
the work plan.
    Value-added agricultural product. Any Agricultural Commodity
produced in the U.S. (including the Republic of Palau, the Federated
States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or American
Samoa), that meets the requirements specified in paragraphs (1) and (2)
of this definition.
    (1) The Agricultural Commodity must meet one of the following five
value-added methodologies:
    (i) Has undergone a Change in Physical State;
    (ii) Was Produced in a Manner that Enhances the Value of the
Agricultural Commodity;
    (iii) Is Physically Segregated in a manner that results in the
enhancement of the value of the Agricultural Commodity;
    (iv) Is a source of Farm- or Ranch-based Renewable Energy,
including E-85 fuel; or
    (v) Is aggregated and marketed as a Locally-Produced Agricultural
Food Product.
    (2) As a result of the Change in Physical State or the manner in
which the Agricultural Commodity was produced, marketed, or segregated:
    (i) The customer base for the Agricultural Commodity is expanded
and
    (ii) A greater portion of the revenue derived from the marketing,
processing, or physical segregation of the Agricultural Commodity is
available to the producer of the commodity.
    Venture. The business and its value-added undertakings, including
the project and other related activities.
    Veteran farmer or rancher. A farmer or rancher who has served in
the Armed Forces, as defined in section 101(10) of title 38 United
States Code, and who either has not operated a Farm or Ranch or has
operated a Farm or Ranch for not more than 10 years.
    (1) For the purposes of determining eligibility to receive priority
points under Sec.  4284.924, a Veteran Farmer or Rancher is either:
    (i) An individual Independent Producer (other than a Harvester)
that has either never operated a Farm or Ranch or has operated a Farm
or Ranch for no more than 10 years or
    (ii) An eligible Applicant entity, other than a Harvester, that has
an Applicant ownership or membership of more than 50 percent Veteran
Farmers or Ranchers each of whom have either never operated a Farm or
Ranch or operated a Farm or Ranch for no more than 10 years.
    (2) [Reserved]
    Working capital grant. A grant to provide funds to operate a value-
added project, specifically to pay the eligible project expenses
related to the processing and/or marketing of the Value-Added
Agricultural Product that are eligible uses of grant funds.


Sec.  4284.903  Review or appeal rights.

A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart
from the appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in
question or appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with
7 CFR part 11.


Sec.  4284.904  Exception authority.

Except as specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section, the
Administrator may make exceptions to any requirement or provision of
this subpart, if such exception is necessary to implement the intent of
the authorizing statute in a time of national emergency or in
accordance with a Presidentially-declared disaster, or, on a case-by-
case basis, when such an exception is in the best financial interests
of the Federal Government and is otherwise not in conflict with
applicable laws.
    (a) Applicant eligibility. No exception to Applicant eligibility
can be made.
    (b) Project eligibility. No exception to project eligibility can be
made.


Sec.  4284.905  Nondiscrimination and compliance with other Federal
laws.

(a) Other Federal laws. Applicants must comply with other
applicable Federal laws, including the Equal

[[Page 26803]]

Employment Opportunities Act of 1972, the Americans with
    Disabilities Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E.
    (b) Nondiscrimination. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the
basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where
applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to
all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require alternative means
for communication of program information (Braille, large print,
audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD). Any Applicant that believes it has been discriminated
against as a result of applying for funds under this program should
contact: USDA, Director, Office of Adjudication and Compliance, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-
3272 (voice) or (202) 720-6382 (TDD) for information and instructions
regarding the filing of a Civil Rights complaint. USDA is an equal
opportunity provider, employer, and lender.
    (c) Civil rights compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. This includes collection and maintenance of
data on the basis of race, sex and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to
conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E. For grants, compliance reviews will be conducted after the grantee
signs the applicable Assurance Agreement, and after the last
disbursement of grant funds have been made and the facility or program
has been in full operations for 90 days.
    (d) Executive Order 12898. When a project is proposed and financial
assistance is requested, the Agency will conduct a Civil Rights Impact
Analysis (CRIA) with regards to environmental justice. Civil Rights
certification must be done prior to grant approval, obligation of
funds, or other commitments of Agency resources, including issuance of
a Letter of Conditions, whichever occurs first.


Sec.  4284.906  State laws, local laws, regulatory commission
regulations.

If there are conflicts between this subpart and State or local laws
or regulatory commission regulations, the provisions of this subpart
will control.


Sec.  4284.907  Environmental requirements.

All grants awarded under this subpart are subject to the
environmental requirements in subpart G of 7 CFR part 1940.
Applications for both Planning and Working Capital grants are generally
excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.333.


Sec.  4284.908  Compliance with other regulations.

(a) Departmental regulations. Applicants must comply with all
applicable Departmental regulations and Office of Management and Budget
regulations concerning grants in 2 CFR chapter IV.
    (b) Cost principles. Applicants must comply with the cost
principles found in 2 CFR parts 200, subpart E, 2 CFR part 400, and in
48 CFR subpart 31.2.
    (c) Definitions. If a term is defined differently in the
Departmental Regulations, 2 CFR parts 200 through 400 or 48 CFR subpart
31.2 and in this subpart, such term shall have the meaning as found in
this subpart.


Sec.  4284.909  Forms, regulations, and instructions.

Copies of all forms, regulations, instructions, and other materials
related to the program referenced in this subpart may be obtained
through the Agency's Web site and at any Rural Development office.


Sec. Sec.  4284.910-4284.914  [Reserved]

Funding and Programmatic Change Notifications


Sec.  4284.915  Notifications.

In implementing this subpart, the Agency will issue public
notifications addressing funding and programmatic changes, as specified
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section, respectively. The methods
that the Agency will use in making these notifications is specified in
paragraph (c) of this section, and the timing of these notifications is
specified in paragraph (d) of this section.
    (a) Funding and simplified applications. The Agency will issue
notifications concerning:
    (1) The funding level, the minimum and maximum grant amounts, and
any additional funding information as determined by the Agency; and
    (2) The contents of simplified applications, as provided for in
Sec.  4284.932.
    (b) Programmatic changes. The Agency will issue notifications of
any programmatic changes specified in paragraphs (b)(1) through (4) of
this section.
    (1) Priority categories to be used for awarding Administrator or
State Director points, which may include any of the following:
    (i) Unserved or underserved areas.
    (ii) Geographic diversity.
    (iii) Emergency conditions.
    (iv) Priority mission area plans, goals, and objectives.
    (2) Additional reports that are generally applicable across
projects within a program associated with the monitoring of and
reporting on project performance.
    (3) Any application filing instructions specified in Sec.
4284.933.
    (c) Notification methods. The Agency will issue the information
specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section in one or more
Federal Register notices. If a funding level is not known at the time
of notification, it will be posted to the program Web site once an
appropriation is enacted. In addition, all information will be
available at any Rural Development office.
    (d) Timing. The Agency will issue notices under this section as
follows:
    (1) The Agency will make the information specified in paragraph (a)
of this section available each Fiscal Year.
    (2) The Agency will make the information specified in paragraph
(b)(1) of this section available at least 60 days prior to the
application deadline, as applicable.
    (3) The Agency will make the information specified in paragraphs
(b)(2) through (4) of this section available on an as needed basis.


Sec. Sec.  4284.916-4284.919  [Reserved]

Eligibility


Sec.  4284.920  Applicant eligibility.

To be eligible for a grant under this subpart, an Applicant must
demonstrate that they meet the requirements specified in paragraphs (a)
through (d) of this section, as applicable, and are subject to the
limitations specified in paragraphs (e) and (f) of this section.
    (a) Type of Applicant. The Applicant, including any Federally-
recognized Tribes and tribal entities (Rural Development State Offices
and posted application guidelines will provide additional information
on Tribal eligibility), must demonstrate that they meet all definition
requirements for one of the following Applicant types:
    (1) An Independent Producer;
    (2) An Agricultural Producer Group;
    (3) A Farmer or Rancher Cooperative; or

[[Page 26804]]

(4) A Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture.
    (b) Emerging market. An applicant that is an agricultural producer
group, a farmer or rancher cooperative, or a majority-controlled
producer-based business venture must demonstrate that they are entering
into an emerging market as a result of the proposed project.
    (c) Citizenship. (1) Individual Applicants must certify that they:
    (i) Are citizens or nationals of the United States (U.S.), the
Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, or American Samoa; or
    (ii) Reside in the U.S. after legal admittance for permanent
residence.
    (2) Entities other than individuals must certify that they are more
than 50 percent owned by individuals who are either citizens as
identified under paragraph (c)(1)(i) of this section or legally
admitted permanent residents residing in the U.S.
    (d) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Applicant must
demonstrate that they have, or can obtain, the legal authority
necessary to carry out the purpose of the grant, and they must evidence
good standing from the appropriate State agency or equivalent.
    (e) Multiple grant eligibility. An Applicant may submit only one
application in response to a solicitation, and must explicitly direct
that it compete in either the general funds competition or in one of
the named reserved funds competitions. Multiple applications from
separate entities with identical or greater than 75 percent common
ownership, or from a parent, subsidiary or affiliated organization
(with ``affiliation'' defined by Small Business Administration
regulation 13 CFR 121.103, or successor regulation) are not permitted.
Further, Applicants who have already received a Planning Grant for the
proposed project cannot receive another Planning Grant for the same
project. Applicants who have already received a Working Capital Grant
for the proposed project cannot receive any additional grants for that
project.
    (f) Active VAPG grant. If an Applicant has an active value-added
grant at the time of a subsequent application, the currently active
grant must be closed out within 90 days of the application submission
deadline for the subsequent competition, as published in the annual
solicitation.


Sec.  4284.921  Ineligible Applicants.

(a) Consistent with the Departmental Regulations, an Applicant is
ineligible if the Applicant is debarred or suspended or is otherwise
excluded from, or ineligible for participation in, Federal assistance
programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and Suspension.''
    (b) An Applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to
an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other
than U.S. Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income
taxes, or is delinquent on Federal debt.


Sec.  4284.922  Project eligibility.

To be eligible for a VAPG grant, the application must demonstrate
that the project meets the requirements specified in paragraphs (a)
through (c) of this section, as applicable.
    (a) Product eligibility. Each product that is the subject of the
proposed project must meet the definition of a Value-Added Agricultural
Product
    (b) Purpose eligibility. (1) The grant funds requested must not
exceed any maximum amounts specified in the annual solicitation for
Planning and Working Capital Grant requests, per Sec.  4284.915.
    (2) The Matching Funds required for the project budget must be
eligible and without a real or apparent Conflict of Interest, available
during the project period, and source verified in the application.
    (3) The proposed project must be limited to eligible planning or
working capital activities as defined at Sec.  4284.925, as applicable,
with eligible tasks directly related to the processing and/or marketing
of the subject Value-Added Agricultural Product, to be demonstrated in
the required work plan and budget as described at Sec.  4284.922(b)(5).
    (4) Applications that propose ineligible expenses in excess of 10
percent of Total Project Costs will be deemed ineligible to compete for
funds. Applicants who submit applications containing ineligible
expenses totaling less than 10 percent of Total Project Costs must
remove those expenses from the project budget or replace with eligible
expenses, if selected for an award.
    (5) The project work plan and budget must demonstrate eligible
sources and uses of funds and must:
    (i) Present a detailed narrative description of the eligible
activities and tasks related to the processing and/or marketing of the
Value-Added Agricultural Product along with a detailed breakdown of all
estimated costs allocated to those activities and tasks;
    (ii) Identify the key personnel that will be responsible for
overseeing and/or conducting the activities or tasks and provide
reasonable and specific timeframes for completion of the activities and
tasks;
    (iii) Identify the sources and uses of grant and Matching Funds for
all activities and tasks specified in the budget; and indicate that
Matching Funds will be spent at a rate equal to or in advance of grant
funds; and
    (iv) Present a project budget period that commences within the
start date range specified in the annual solicitation, concludes not
later than 36 months after the proposed start date, and is scaled to
the complexity of the project.
    (6) Except as noted in paragraphs (b)(6)(i) and (ii) of this
section, working capital applications must include a Feasibility Study
and Business Plan completed specifically for the proposed value-added
project by a Qualified Consultant. The Agency must concur in the
acceptability or adequacy of the Feasibility Study and Business Plan
for eligibility purposes.
    (i) An Independent Producer Applicant seeking a Working Capital
Grant of $50,000 or more, who can demonstrate that they are proposing
market expansion for an existing Value-Added Agricultural Product(s)
that they currently own and produce from at least 50 percent of their
own Agricultural Commodity and that they have produced and marketed for
at least 2 years at time of application submission, may submit a
Business Plan or Marketing Plan for the value-added project in lieu of
a Feasibility Study. The Applicant must still adequately document
increased customer base and increased revenues returning to the
Applicant producers as a result of the project in their application,
and meet all other eligibility requirements. Further, the waiver of the
independent Feasibility Study does not change the proposal evaluation
or scoring elements that pertain to issues that might be supported by
an independent Feasibility Study, so Applicants are encouraged to well-
document their project plans and expectations for success in their
proposals.
    (ii) All four Applicant types that submit a Simplified Application
for Working Capital Grant funds of less than $50,000 are not required
to provide an independent Feasibility Study or Business Plan for the
Project/Venture, but must provide adequate documentation to demonstrate
the expected increases in customer base and revenues resulting from the
project that will benefit the producer Applicants

[[Page 26805]]

supplying the majority of the Agricultural Commodity for the project.
All other eligibility requirements remain the same. The waiver of the
requirement to submit a Feasibility Study and Business Plan does not
change the proposal evaluation or scoring elements that pertain to
issues that might be supported by a Feasibility Study or Business Plan,
so Applicants are encouraged to well-document their project plans and
expectations for success in their proposals.
    (7) All applicants applying for Working Capital Grant funds must
document the quantity of the raw Agricultural Commodity that will be
used for the Value-Added Agricultural Product, expressed in an
appropriate unit of measure (pounds, tons, bushels, etc.) to
demonstrate the scale of the applicant's project. This quantification
must include an estimated total quantity of the Agricultural Commodity
needed for the project, the quantity that will be provided (produced
and owned) by the Agricultural Producers of the applicant organization,
and the quantity that will be purchased or donated from third-party
sources.
    (8) All Applicants requesting Working Capital grant funds must
either be currently marketing each Value-added Agricultural Product
that is the subject of the grant application, or be ready to implement
the working capital activities in accord with the budget and work plan
timeline proposed.


Sec.  4284.923  Reserved funds eligibility.

The Applicant must meet the requirements specified in this section,
as applicable, if the Applicant chooses to compete for reserved funds.
A Harvester is not eligible to compete for reserved funds under
paragraph (a) of this section, but is eligible to compete for reserved
funds under paragraph (b) of this section. In accordance with
application deadlines, all eligible, but unfunded reserved funds
applications will be eligible to compete for general funds in that same
Fiscal Year, as funding levels permit.
    (a) If the Applicant is applying for Beginning Farmer or Rancher or
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher reserved funds, the Applicant
must provide the following documentation to demonstrate that the
applicant meets all of the requirements for the applicable definition
found in Sec.  4284.902.
    (1) For beginning farmers and ranchers (including veterans),
documentation must include a description from each of the individual
owner(s) of the applicant farm or ranch organization, addressing the
qualifying elements in the beginning farmer or rancher definition,
including the length and nature of their individual owner/operator
experience at any farm in the previous 10 years, along with one IRS
income tax form from the previous 10 years showing that each of the
individual owner(s) did not file farm income; or a detailed letter from
a certified public accountant or attorney certifying that each owner
meets the reserved funds beginning farmer or rancher eligibility
requirements. For applicant entities with multiple owners, all owners
must be eligible beginning farmers or ranchers.
    (2) For Socially-Disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, documentation
must include a description of the applicant's farm or ranch ownership
structure and demographic profile that indicates the owner(s)'
membership in a Socially-Disadvantaged group that has been subjected to
racial, ethnic or gender prejudice; including identifying the total
number of owners of the applicant organization; along with a self-
certification statement from the individual owner(s) evidencing their
membership in a Socially-Disadvantaged group. All farmer and rancher
owners must be members of a Socially-Disadvantaged group.
    (b) If the Applicant is applying for Mid-Tier Value Chain reserved
funds, the Applicant must be one of the four VAPG Applicant types. The
application must:
    (1) Provide documentation demonstrating that the project meets the
definition of Mid-Tier Value Chain;
    (2) Demonstrate that the project proposes development of a Local or
Regional Supply Network of an interconnected group of entities
(including nonprofit organizations, as appropriate) through which
agricultural commodities and Value-Added Agricultural Products move
from production through consumption in a local or regional area of the
United States, including a description of the network, its component
members, either by name or by class, and its purpose;
    (3) Describe at least two alliances, linkages, or partnerships
within the value chain that link Independent Producers with businesses,
cooperatives, or consumers that market value-added agricultural
commodities or Value-Added Agricultural Products in a manner that
benefits Small- or Medium-sized Farms and Ranches that are structured
as a Family Farm, including the names of the parties and the nature of
their collaboration;
    (4) Demonstrate how the project, due to the manner in which the
Value-Added Agricultural Product is marketed, will increase the
profitability and competitiveness of at least two, eligible, Small- or
Medium-sized Farms or Ranches that are structured as a Family Farm,
including documentation to confirm that the participating Small- or
Medium-sized Farms or Ranches are structured as a Family Farm and meet
these program definitions. A description of the two farms or ranches
confirming they meet the Family Farm requirements, and IRS income tax
forms or appropriate certifications evidencing eligible farm income is
sufficient.
    (5) Document that the eligible Agricultural Producer Group/Farmer
or Rancher Cooperative/Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business
Venture Applicant organization has obtained at least one agreement with
another member of the supply network that is engaged in the value chain
on a marketing strategy; or that the eligible Independent Producer
Applicant has obtained at least one agreement from an eligible
Agricultural Producer Group/Farmer or Rancher Cooperative/Majority-
Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture engaged in the value-chain
on a marketing strategy;
    (i) For Planning Grants, agreements may include letters of
commitment or intent to partner on marketing, distribution or
processing; and should include the names of the parties with a
description of the nature of their collaboration. For Working Capital
grants, demonstration of the actual existence of the executed
agreements is required.
    (ii) Independent Producer Applicants must provide documentation to
confirm that the non-applicant Agricultural Producer Group/Farmer or
Rancher Cooperative/majority-controlled partnering entity meets program
eligibility definitions, except that, in this context, the partnering
entity does not need to supply any of the raw Agricultural Commodity
for the project;
    (6) Demonstrate that the members of the Applicant organization that
are benefiting from the proposed project currently own and produce more
than 50 percent of the raw Agricultural Commodity that will be used for
the Value-Added Agricultural Product that is the subject of the
proposal; and
    (7) Demonstrate that the project will result in an increase in
customer base and an increase in revenue returns to the Applicant
producers supplying the majority of the raw Agricultural Commodity for
the project.


Sec.  4284.924  Priority scoring eligibility.

Applicants that demonstrate eligibility may apply for priority
points if their applications: Propose projects

[[Page 26806]]

that contribute to increasing opportunities for Beginning Farmers or
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, Veteran Farmers
or Ranchers, or Operators of Small- or Medium-sized Farms or Ranches
that are structured as a Family Farm; or propose Mid-Tier Value Chain
projects; or are a Farmer or Rancher Cooperative. A Harvester is
eligible for priority points only if the Harvester is proposing a Mid-
Tier Value Chain project.
    (a) Applicants seeking priority points as Beginning Farmers or
Ranchers or as Socially Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers must provide
the documentation specified in Sec.  4284.923(a)(1) or (2), as
applicable.
    (b) Applicants seeking priority points as Veteran Farmers or
Ranchers must provide the documentation specified in Sec.
4284.923(a)(1) or (2), as applicable, and must submit form DD-214,
``Report of Separation from the U.S. Military,'' or subsequent form.
    (c) Applicants seeking priority points as Operators of Small- or
Medium-sized Farms or Ranches that are structured as a Family Farm
must:
    (1) Be structured as a Family Farm;
    (2) Meet all requirements in the associated definitions; and
    (3) Provide the following documentation:
    (i) A description from the individual owner(s) of the Applicant
organization addressing each qualifying element in the definitions,
including identification of the average annual gross sales of
agricultural commodities from the farm or ranch in the previous three
years, not to exceed $500,000 for operators of small-sized farms or
ranches or $1,000,000 for operators of medium-sized farms or ranches;
    (ii) The names and identification of the blood or marriage
relationships of all Applicant/owners of the farm; and
    (iii) A statement that the Applicant/owners are primarily
responsible for the daily physical labor and management of the farm
with hired help merely supplementing the family labor.
    (d) Applicants seeking priority points for Mid-Tier Value Chain
proposals must be one of the four eligible Applicant types and provide
the documentation specified in Sec.  4284.923(b)(1) through (7),
demonstrating that the project meets the Mid-Tier Value Chain
definition.
    (e) Applicants seeking priority points for a Farmer or Rancher
Cooperative must:
    (1) Demonstrate that it is a business owned and controlled by
Independent Producers that is legally incorporated as a Cooperative; or
that it is a business owned and controlled by Independent Producers
that is not legally incorporated as a Cooperative, but is identified by
the State in which it operates as a cooperatively operated business;
    (2) Identify, by name or class, and confirm that the Independent
Producers on whose behalf the value-added work will be done meet the
definition requirements for an Independent Producer, including that
each member is an individual Agricultural Producer, or an entity that
is solely owned and controlled by Agricultural Producers, that
substantially participates in the production of the majority of the
Agricultural Commodity to which value will be added; and
    (3) Provide evidence of ``good standing'' as a cooperatively
operated business in the State of incorporation or operations, as
applicable.
    (f) Applicants applying as Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer and
Rancher Cooperatives, or Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business
Ventures (group Applicants) may request additional priority points for
projects that ``best contribute to creating or increasing marketing
opportunities'' for operators of Small- and Medium-sized Farms and
Ranches that are structured as Family Farms, Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, and Veteran
Farmers and Ranchers. The annual solicitation and Agency application
package will provide instructions and documentation requirements for
group Applicants to apply for these additional priority points.


Sec.  4284.925  Eligible uses of grant and Matching Funds.

In general, grant and cost-share Matching Funds have the same use
restrictions and must be used to fund only the costs for eligible
purposes as defined in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.
    (a) Planning Grant funds may be used to pay for a Qualified
Consultant to conduct and develop a Feasibility Study, Business Plan,
and/or Marketing Plan associated with the processing and/or marketing
of a Value-added Agricultural Product.
    (1) Planning Grant funds may not be used to compensate Applicants
or family members for participation in Feasibility Studies.
    (2) In-kind contribution of Matching Funds to cover Applicant or
family member participation in planning activities is allowed so long
as the value of such contribution does not exceed a maximum of 25
percent of the Total Project Costs and an adequate explanation of the
basis for the valuation, referencing comparable market values, salary
and wage data, expertise or experience of the contributor, per unit
costs, industry norms, etc., is provided. Final valuation for Applicant
or family member in-kind contributions is at the discretion of the
Agency. Planning funds may not be used to evaluate the agricultural
production of the commodity itself, other than to determine the
project's input costs related to the feasibility of processing and
marketing the Value-Added Agricultural Product.
    (b) Working capital funds may be used to pay the project's
operational costs directly related to the processing and/or marketing
of the Value-Added Agricultural Product.
    (1) Examples of eligible working capital expenses include designing
or purchasing a financial accounting system for the project, paying
salaries of employees without ownership or Immediate Family interest to
process and/or market and deliver the Value-Added Agricultural Product
to consumers, paying for raw commodity inventory (less than 50 percent
of the amount required for the project) from an unaffiliated third
party, necessary to produce the Value-Added Agricultural Product, and
paying for a marketing campaign for the Value-Added Agricultural
Product.
    (2) In-kind contributions may include appropriately valued
inventory of raw commodity to be used in the project. In-kind
contributions of Matching Funds may also include contributions of time
spent on eligible tasks by Applicants or Applicant family members so
long as the value of such contribution does not exceed a maximum of 25
percent of the Total Project Costs and an adequate explanation of the
basis for the valuation, referencing comparable market values, salary
and wage data, expertise or experience of the contributor, per unit
costs, industry norms, etc. is provided. Final valuation for Applicant
or family member in-kind contributions is at the discretion of the
Agency.


Sec.  4284.926  Ineligible uses of grant and Matching Funds.

Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a
real or apparent Conflict of Interest for owners, employees, officers,
agents, or their Immediate Family members having a personal,
professional, financial or other interest in the outcome of the
project; including organizational conflicts, and conflicts that
restrict open and free competition for unrestrained trade. In addition,
the use of funds is

[[Page 26807]]

limited to only the eligible activities identified in Sec.  4284.925
and prohibits other uses of funds. Ineligible uses of grant and
Matching Funds awarded under this subpart include, but are not limited
to:
    (a) Support costs for services or goods going to or coming from a
person or entity with a real or apparent Conflict of Interest, except
as specifically noted for limited in-kind Matching Funds in Sec.
4284.925(a) and (b);
    (b) Pay costs for scenarios with noncompetitive trade practices;
    (c) Plan, repair, rehabilitate, acquire, or construct a building or
facility (including a processing facility);
    (d) Purchase, lease purchase, or install fixed equipment, including
processing equipment;
    (e) Purchase or repair vehicles, including boats;
    (f) Pay for the preparation of the grant application;
    (g) Pay expenses not directly related to the funded project for the
processing and marketing of the Value-Added Agricultural Product;
    (h) Fund research and development;
    (i) Fund political or lobbying activities;
    (j) Fund any activities prohibited by 2 CFR parts 200 through 400,
and 48 CFR subpart 31.2;
    (k) Fund architectural or engineering design work;
    (l) Fund expenses related to the production of any Agricultural
Commodity or product, including, but not limited to production
planning, purchase of seed or rootstock or other production inputs,
labor for cultivation or harvesting crops, and delivery of raw
commodity to a processing facility;
    (m) Conduct activities on behalf of anyone other than a
specifically identified Independent Producer or group of Independent
Producers, as identified by name or class. The Agency considers
conducting industry-level feasibility studies or business plans, that
are also known as feasibility study templates or guides or business
plan templates or guides, to be ineligible because the assistance is
not provided to a specific group of Independent Producers;
    (n) Pay for goods or services from a person or entity that employs
the owner or an Immediate Family member;
    (o) Duplicate current services or replace or substitute support
previously provided;
    (p) Pay any costs of the project incurred prior to the date of
grant approval, including legal or other expenses needed to incorporate
or organize a business;
    (q) Pay any judgment or debt owed to the United States;
    (r) Purchase land;
    (s) Pay for costs associated with illegal activities; or
    (t) Purchase the Agricultural Commodity to which value will be
added (raw commodity) from the applicant entity; applicant-owned or
related entity, or members of the applicant entity.


Sec.  4284.927  Funding limitations.

(a) Grant funds may be used to pay up to 50 percent of the Total
Project Costs, subject to the limitations established for maximum total
grant amount.
    (b) The maximum total grant amount provided to a grantee in any one
year shall not exceed the amount announced in an annual notice issued
pursuant to Sec.  4284.915, but in no event may the total amount of
grant funds provided to a grant recipient exceed $500,000.
    (c) A grant shall have a term that does not exceed 3 years, and a
project start date within 90 days of the date of award, unless
otherwise specified in a notice pursuant to Sec.  4284.915. Grant
project periods should be scaled to the complexity of the objectives
for the project. The Agency may extend the term of the grant period,
not to exceed the 3-year maximum.
    (d) The aggregate amount of awards to Majority-Controlled Producer-
Based Business Ventures may not exceed 10 percent of the total funds
obligated under this subpart during any Fiscal Year.
    (e) Not more than 5 percent of funds appropriated each year may be
used to fund the Agricultural Marketing Resource Center, to support
electronic capabilities to provide information regarding research,
business, legal, financial, or logistical assistance to Independent
Producers and processors.
    (f) Each Fiscal Year, the following amounts of reserved funds will
be made available:
    (1) 10 percent of total program funding to fund projects that
benefit Beginning Farmers or Ranchers or Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers
or Ranchers; and
    (2) 10 percent of total program funding to fund projects that
propose development of Mid-tier Value Chains.
    (3) Funds not obligated by June 30 of each Fiscal Year shall be
available to the Secretary to make grants under this subpart to
eligible applicants in the general funds competition.


Sec. Sec.  4284.928-4284.929  [Reserved]

Applying for a Grant


Sec.  4284.930  Preliminary review.

The Agency encourages Applicants to contact their State Office well
in advance of the application submission deadline, to ask questions and
to discuss Applicant and Project eligibility potential. At its option,
the Agency may establish a preliminary review deadline in accordance
with Sec.  4284.915, so that it may informally assess the eligibility
of the application and its completeness. The result of the preliminary
review is not binding on the Agency.


Sec.  4284.931  Application package.

All Applicants are required to submit a complete application
package that is comprised of all of the elements in this section.
    (a) Application forms. The application must include all forms
listed in the annually published notice for the program. The following
application forms (or their successor forms) must be completed when
applying for a grant under this subpart.
    (1) ``Application for Federal Assistance.''
    (2) ``Budget Information-Non-Construction Programs.''
    (3) ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.''
    (4) All Applicants (including individuals and sole proprietorships)
are required to have a DUNS number and maintain registration with the
System for Award Management (SAM).
    (b) Application content. The following content items must be
completed when applying for a grant under this subpart:
    (1) Eligibility discussion. The Applicant must demonstrate in
detail how the:
    (i) Applicant eligibility requirements in Sec. Sec.  4284.920 and
4284.921 are met;
    (ii) Project eligibility requirements in Sec.  4284.922 are met;
    (iii) Eligible use of grant and Matching Funds requirements in
Sec. Sec.  4284.925 and 4284.926 are met; and
    (iv) Funding limitation requirements in Sec.  4284.927 are met.
    (2) Evaluation criteria. Using the format prescribed by the
application package, the Applicant must address each evaluation
criterion identified below.
    (i) Performance Evaluation Criteria. The overall goal of this
program and the projects it supports is to create and serve new
markets, with a resulting increase in jobs, customer base and revenues
returning to the producer. Applicants must provide specific information
about plans to track and evaluate progress toward these outcomes as a
way for the Agency to ascertain whether or not the primary program
goals and project goals proposed in the work plan are likely to be
accomplished during the project

[[Page 26808]]

period. The application package will provide additional instruction to
assist Applicants when responding to this criterion. The required data,
including accomplishments as outlined in Sec.  4284.960 and Applicant-
suggested performance criteria, will be incorporated into the
Applicant's semi-annual and final reporting requirements if selected
for award, and will be specified in the grant agreement associated with
each award. At a minimum, data included in each application submission
must include both target outcomes and timeframes for achieving results:
    (A) The number of jobs anticipated to be created or saved as a
direct result of the project.
    (B) The current baseline number of customers.
    (C) The estimated expansion of customer base as a direct result of
the project.
    (D) The current baseline of revenue.
    (E) The estimated increase in revenue as a direct result of the
project.
    (F) Applicants for both Working Capital and Planning Grants are
invited to suggest additional benchmarks for evaluation that are
specific to proposed project activities or outcomes and the
corresponding timeframes for accomplishing them; these should be
informed by the program objectives, stated above, related to new
markets, expansion of customer base, and revenues returning to producer
Applicants; as well as to the practical and/or logistical activities
and tasks to be accomplished during the project period.
    (ii) Proposal evaluation criteria. Applicants for both Planning and
Working Capital Grants must address each proposal evaluation criterion
identified in Sec.  4284.942 in narrative form, in the application
package.
    (3) Certification of Matching Funds. Using the format prescribed by
the application package, Applicants must certify that:
    (i) Cost-share Matching Funds will be spent in advance of grant
funding, such that for every dollar of grant funds disbursed, not less
than an equal amount of Matching Funds will have been expended prior to
submitting the request for reimbursement; and
    (ii) If Matching Funds are proposed in an amount exceeding the
grant amount, those Matching Funds must be spent at a proportional rate
equal to the match-to-grant ratio identified in the proposed budget.
    (4) Verification of cost-share Matching Funds. Using the format
prescribed by the application package, the Applicant must demonstrate
and provide authentic documentation from the source to confirm the
eligibility and availability of both cash and in-kind contributions
that meet the definition requirements for Matching Funds and Conflict
of Interest in Sec.  4284.902, as well as the following criteria:
    (i) Except as provided at Sec.  4284.925(a) and (b), Matching Funds
are subject to the same use restrictions as grant funds, and must be
spent on eligible project expenses during the grant funding period.
    (ii) Matching Funds must be from eligible sources without a real or
apparent Conflict of Interest.
    (iii) Matching Funds must be at least equal to the amount of grant
funds requested, and combined grant and Matching Funds must equal 100
percent of the Total Project Costs.
    (iv) Unless provided by other authorizing legislation, other
Federal grant funds cannot be used as Matching Funds.
    (v) Matching Funds must be provided in the form of confirmed
Applicant cash, loan, or line of credit; or provided in the form of a
confirmed Applicant or family member in-kind contribution that meets
the requirements and limitations specified in Sec.  4284.925(a) and
(b); or provided in the form of confirmed third-party cash or eligible
third-party in-kind contribution; or non-federal grant sources (unless
otherwise provided by law).
    (vi) Examples of ineligible Matching Funds include funds used for
an ineligible purpose, contributions donated outside the proposed grant
funding period, applicant and third-party in-kind contributions that
are over-valued, or are without substantive documentation for an
independent reviewer to confirm a valuation, conducting activities on
behalf of anyone other than a specific Independent Producer or group of
Independent Producers, expected program income at time of application,
or instances where a real or apparent Conflict of Interest exists,
except as detailed in Sec.  4284.925(a) and (b).
    (5) Business plan. For Working Capital Grant applications,
Applicants must provide a copy of the Business Plan that was completed
for the proposed value-added Venture, except as provided for in
Sec. Sec.  4284.922(b)(6) and 4284.932. The Agency must concur in the
acceptability or adequacy of the Business Plan. For all planning grant
applications including those proposing product eligibility under
``Produced in a Manner that Enhances the Value of the Agricultural
Commodity,'' a Business Plan is not required as part of the grant
application.
    (6) Feasibility study. As part of the application package,
Applicants for Working Capital Grants must provide a copy of the third-
party Feasibility Study that was completed for the proposed value-added
project, except as provided for at Sec. Sec.  4284.922(b)(6) and
4284.932. The Agency must concur in the acceptability or adequacy of
the Feasibility Study.


Sec.  4284.932  Simplified application.

Applicants requesting less than $50,000 will be allowed to submit a
simplified application, the contents of which will be announced in an
annual solicitation issued pursuant to Sec.  4284.915. Applicants
requesting Working Capital Grants of less than $50,000 are not required
to provide Feasibility Studies or Business Plans, but must provide
information demonstrating increases in customer base and revenue
returns to the producers supplying the majority of the Agricultural
Commodity as a result of the project. See Sec.  4284.922(b)(6)(ii).


Sec.  4284.933  Filing instructions.

Unless otherwise specified in a notification issued under Sec.
4284.915, the requirements specified in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section apply to all applications.
    (a) When to submit. Complete applications must be received by the
Agency on or before the application deadline established for a Fiscal
Year to be considered for funding for that Fiscal Year. Applications
received by the Agency after the application deadline established for a
Fiscal Year will not be considered. Revisions or additional information
will not be accepted after the application deadline.
    (b) Incomplete applications. Incomplete applications will be
rejected. Applicants will be informed of the elements that made the
application incomplete. If a resubmitted application is received by the
applicable application deadline, the Agency will reconsider the
application.
    (c) Where to submit. All applications must be submitted to the
State Office of Rural Development in the State where the project
primarily takes place, or on-line through grants.gov.
    (d) Format. Applications may be submitted as paper copy, or
electronically via grants.gov. If submitted as paper copy, only one
original copy should be submitted. An application submission must
contain all required components in their entirety. Emailed or faxed
submissions will not be acknowledged, accepted or processed by the
Agency.

[[Page 26809]]

(e) Other forms and instructions. Upon request, the Agency will
make available to the public the necessary forms and instructions for
filing applications. These forms and instructions may be obtained from
any State Office of Rural Development, or the Agency's Value-Added
Producer Grant program Web site in http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG.html.


Sec. Sec.  4284.934-4284.939   [Reserved]

Processing and Scoring Applications


Sec.  4284.940  Processing applications.

(a) Initial review. Upon receipt of an application on or before the
application submission deadline for each Fiscal Year, the Agency will
conduct a review to determine if the Applicant and project are
eligible, and if the application is complete and sufficiently
responsive to program requirements.
    (b) Notifications. After the review in paragraph (a) of this
section has been conducted, if the Agency has determined that either
the Applicant or project is ineligible or that the application is not
complete to allow evaluation of the application or sufficiently
responsive to program requirements, the Agency will notify the
Applicant in writing and will include in the notification the reason(s)
for its determination(s).
    (c) Resubmittal by Applicants. Applicants may submit revised
applications to the Agency in response to the notification received
under paragraph (b) of this section. If a revised grant application is
received on or before the application deadline, it will be processed by
the Agency. If a revised application is not received by the specified
application deadline, the Agency will not process the application and
will inform the Applicant that their application was not reviewed due
to tardiness.
    (d) Subsequent ineligibility determinations. If at any time an
application is determined to be ineligible, the Agency will notify the
Applicant in writing of its determination.


Sec.  4284.941  Application withdrawal.

During the period between the submission of an application and the
execution of award documents, the Applicant must notify the Agency in
writing if the project is no longer viable or the Applicant no longer
is requesting financial assistance for the project. When the Applicant
notifies the Agency, the selection will be rescinded or the application
withdrawn.


Sec.  4284.942  Proposal evaluation criteria and scoring applications.

(a) General. The Agency will only score applications for which it
has determined that the Applicant and project are eligible, the
application is complete and sufficiently responsive to program
requirements. Any Applicant whose application will not be reviewed
because the Agency has determined it fails to meet the preceding
criteria will be notified of appeal rights pursuant to Sec.  4284.903.
Each such viable application the Agency receives on or before the
application deadline in a Fiscal Year will be scored in the Fiscal Year
in which it was received. Each application will be scored based on the
information provided and adequately referenced in the scoring section
of the application at the time the Applicant submits the application to
the Agency. Scoring information must be readily identifiable in the
application or it will not be considered.
    (b) Scoring Applications. The criteria specified in paragraphs
(b)(1) through (6) of this section will be used to score all
applications. For each criterion, Applicants must demonstrate how the
project has merit, and provide rationale for the likelihood of project
success. Responses that do not address all aspects of the criterion, or
that do not comprehensively convey pertinent project information will
receive lower scores. The maximum number of points that will be awarded
to an application is 100. Points may be awarded lump sum or on a
graduated basis. The Agency application package will provide additional
instruction to assist Applicants when responding to the criteria below.
    (1) Nature of the Proposed Venture (graduated score 0-30 points).
Describe the technological feasibility of the project, as well as the
operational efficiency, profitability, and overall economic
sustainability resulting from the project. In addition, demonstrate the
potential for expanding the customer base for the Value-Added
Agricultural Product, and the expected increase in revenue returns to
the producer-owners providing the majority of the raw Agricultural
Commodity to the project. Applications that demonstrate high likelihood
of success in these areas will receive more points than those that
demonstrate less potential in these areas.
    (2) Qualifications of Project Personnel (graduated score 0-20
points). Identify the individuals who will be responsible for
completing the proposed tasks in the work plan, including the roles and
activities that owners, staff, contractors, consultants or new hires
may perform; and demonstrate that these individuals have the necessary
qualifications and expertise, including those hired to do market or
feasibility analyses, or to develop a business operations plan for the
value-added venture. Include the qualifications of those individuals
responsible to lead or manage the total project (Applicant owners or
project managers), as well as those individuals responsible for
actually conducting the various individual tasks in the work plan (such
as consultants, contractors, staff or new hires). Demonstrate the
commitment and the availability of any consultants or other
professionals to be hired for the project. If staff or consultants have
not been selected at the time of application, provide specific
descriptions of the qualifications required for the positions to be
filled. Applications that demonstrate the strong credentials,
education, capabilities, experience and availability of project
personnel that will contribute to a high likelihood of project success
will receive more points than those that demonstrate less potential for
success in these areas.
    (3) Commitments and Support (graduated score 0-10 points). Producer
commitments to the project will be evaluated based on the number of
Independent Producers currently involved in the project; and the
nature, level and quality of their contributions. End-user commitments
will be evaluated on the basis of potential or identified markets and
the potential amount of output to be purchased, as evidenced by letters
of intent or contracts from potential buyers referenced within the
application. Other Third-Party commitments to the project will be
evaluated based on the critical and tangible nature of the contribution
to the project, such as technical assistance, storage, processing,
marketing, or distribution arrangements that are necessary for the
project to proceed; and the level and quality of these contributions.
Applications that demonstrate the project has strong direct financial,
technical and logistical support to successfully complete the project
will receive more points than those that demonstrate less potential for
success in these areas.
    (4) Work Plan and Budget (graduated score 0-20 points). In accord
with Sec.  4284.922(b)(5), Applicants must submit a comprehensive work
plan and budget. The work plan must provide specific and detailed
narrative descriptions of the tasks and the key project personnel that
will accomplish the project's goals. The budget must present a detailed
breakdown of all estimated costs associated with the

[[Page 26810]]

activities and allocate those costs among the listed tasks. The source
and use of both grant and Matching Funds must be specified for all
tasks. An eligible start and end date for the project itself and for
individual project tasks must be clearly indicated and may not exceed
Agency specified timeframes for the grant period. Points may not be
awarded unless sufficient detail is provided to determine that both
grant and Matching Funds are being used for qualified purposes and are
from eligible sources without a Conflict of Interest. It is recommended
that Applicants utilize the budget format templates provided in the
Agency's application package.
    (5) Priority Points (up to 10 points). Priority points may be
awarded in both the General Funds competition and the Reserved Funds
competitions. Qualifying applications may be awarded priority points
under paragraphs (b)(5)(i) and (ii) of this section, for up to a total
of 10 points.
    (i) Priority categories (lump sum score of 0 or 5 points).
Qualifying Applicants may request priority points under this paragraph
if they meet the requirements for one of the following categories and
provide the documentation specified in Sec.  4284.924, as applicable.
Priority categories are: Beginning Farmer or Rancher, Socially-
Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher, Veteran Farmer or Rancher, Operator of
a Small- or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch that is structured as a Family
Farm, Mid-Tier Value Chain proposals, and Farmer or Rancher
Cooperative. It is recommended that Applicants utilize the Agency
application package when documenting for priority points and refer to
the documentation requirements specified in Sec.  4284.924.
Applications from qualifying priority categories will be awarded 5
points. Applicants will not be awarded more than 5 points even if they
qualify for more than one of the priority categories.
    (ii) Best contributing (up to 5 points). Applications from
Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures (applicant groups)
may be awarded up to 5 additional points for contributing to the
creation of or increase in marketing opportunities for Beginning
Farmers or Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers,
Veteran Farmers or Ranchers, or Operators of a Small- or Medium-sized
Farm or Ranch that are structured as a Family Farm (priority groups).
Applicant groups must submit documentation on the percentage of
existing membership that is comprised of one or a combination of the
above priority groups and on the anticipated expansion of membership to
one or more additional priority groups. Applications must contain
sufficient information as described in the annual solicitation and
application package to enable the Agency to make the appropriate
determinations for awarding points. If the application does not contain
sufficient information, the Agency will not award points accordingly.
    (6) Priority Categories (graduated score 0-10 points). Unless
otherwise specified in a notification issued under Sec.
4284.915(b)(1), the Administrator or State Director has discretion to
award up to 10 points to an application to improve the geographic
diversity of awardees in a Fiscal Year. In the event of a National
competition, the Administrator will award points and for a State-
allocated competition, the State Director will award points.


Sec. Sec.  4284.943-4284.949   [Reserved]

Grant Awards and Agreement


Sec.  4284.950  Award process.

(a) Selection of applications for funding and for potential
funding. The Agency will select and rank applications for funding based
on the score an application has received in response to the proposal
evaluation criteria, compared to the scores of other value-added
applications received in the same Fiscal Year. Higher scoring
applications will receive first consideration for funding. The Agency
may set a minimally acceptable score for funding, which will be noted
in the published program notice. The Agency will notify Applicants, in
writing, whether or not they have been selected for funding. For those
Applicants not selected for funding, the Agency will provide a brief
explanation for why they were not selected.
    (b) Ranked applications not funded. A ranked application that is
not funded in the Fiscal Year in which it was submitted will not be
carried forward into the next Fiscal Year. The Agency will notify the
Applicant in writing.
    (c) Intergovernmental review. If State or local governments raise
objections to a proposed project under the intergovernmental review
process that are not resolved within 90 days of the Agency's award
announcement date, the Agency will rescind the award and will provide
the Applicant with a written notice to that effect. This is prior to
the signing of a Grant Agreement. The Agency, in its sole discretion,
may extend the 90-day period if it appears resolution is imminent.


Sec.  4284.951  Obligate and award funds.

(a) Letter of conditions. When an application is selected subject
to conditions established by the Agency, the Agency will notify the
Applicant using a Letter of Conditions, which defines the conditions
under which the grant will be made. Each grantee will be required to
meet all terms and conditions of the award within 90 days of receiving
a Letter of Conditions unless otherwise specified by the Agency at the
time of the award. If the Applicant agrees with the conditions, the
Applicant must complete, an applicable Letter of Intent to Meet
Conditions. If the Applicant believes that certain conditions cannot be
met, the Applicant may propose alternate conditions to the Agency. The
Agency must concur with any proposed changes to the Letter of
Conditions by the Applicant before the application will be further
processed. If the Agency agrees to any proposed changes, the Agency
will issue a revised or amended Letter of Conditions that defines the
final conditions under which the grant will be made.
    (b) Grant agreement and conditions. Each grantee will be required
to sign a grant agreement that outlines the approved use of funds and
actions under the award, as well as the restrictions and applicable
laws and regulations that pertain to the award.
    (c) Other documentation. The grantee will execute additional
documentation in order to obligate the award of funds; including, but
not limited to:
    (1) ``Request for Obligation of Funds;''
    (2) ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transaction;''
    (3) ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;''
    (4) ``Assurance Agreement (under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964);''
    (5) ``ACH Vendor/Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment Form;'' or
    (6) ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities.''
    (d) Grant disbursements. Grant disbursements will be made in
accordance with the Letter of Conditions, and/or the grant agreement,
as applicable.


Sec. Sec.  4284.952-4284.959   [Reserved]

Post Award Activities and Requirements


Sec.  4284.960  Monitoring and reporting program performance.

The requirements specified in this section shall apply to grants
made under this subpart.

[[Page 26811]]

(a) Grantees must complete the project per the terms and conditions
specified in the approved work plan and budget, and in the grant
agreement and letter of conditions. Grantees will expend funds only for
eligible purposes and will be monitored by Agency staff for compliance.
Grantees must maintain a financial management system, and property and
procurement standards in accordance with Departmental Regulations.
    (b) Grantees must submit narrative and financial performance
reports, as prescribed by the Agency in the grant agreement, that
include required data elements related to achieving programmatic
objectives and a comparison of accomplishments with the objectives
stated in the application. At a minimum, these include comparisons of
anticipated activies and outcomes and timeframes for achieving:
    (1) Expansion of customer base as a result of the project;
    (2) Increased revenue returned to the producer as a result of the
project;
    (3) Jobs created or saved as a result of the project;
    (4) Evidence of receipt of matching funds, if included or provided
for in project.
    (i) Semi-annual performance reports shall be submitted within 45
days following March 31 and September 30 each Fiscal Year. A final
performance report shall be submitted to the Agency within 90 days of
project completion. Failure to submit a performance report within the
specified timeframes may result in the Agency withholding grant funds.
    (ii) Additional reports shall be submitted as specified in the
grant agreement or Letter of Conditions, or as otherwise provided in a
notification issued under Sec.  4284.915.
    (iii) Copies of supporting documentation and/or project
deliverables for completed tasks must be provided to the Agency in a
timely manner in accord with the development or completion of materials
and in conjunction with the budget and project timeline. Examples
include, but are not limited to, a Feasibility Study, Marketing Plan,
Business Plan, success story, distribution network study, or best
practice.
    (iv) The Agency may request any additional project and/or
performance data for the project for which grant funds have been
received, including but not limited to:
    (A) Information that will enable evaluation of the economic impact
of program awards, such as:
    (1) Business starts and clients served;
    (2) Data associated with producer market expansion, new market
penetration, and changes in customer base or revenues.
    (B) Information that would promote greater understanding of the key
determinants of the success of individual projects or inform program
administration and evaluation, such as:
    (1) The producer's experience related to financial management,
budgeting, and running a business enterprise.
    (2) The nature of, and advantages or disadvantages of, supply chain
arrangements or equitable distribution of rewards and responsibilities
for Mid-tier Value Chain projects; and
    (3) Recommendations from Beginning Farmers or Ranchers, Socially-
Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, or Veteran Farmers or Ranchers.
    (C) Information that would inform or enable the aggregation of data
for program administration or evaluation purposes.
    (v) The Agency may terminate or suspend the grant for lack of
adequate or timely progress, reporting, or documentation, or for
failure to comply with Agency requirements.


Sec.  4284.961  Grant servicing.

All grants awarded under this subpart shall be serviced in
accordance with 7 CFR part 1951, subparts E and O, and the Departmental
Regulations with the exception that delegation of the post-award
servicing of the program does not require the prior approval of the
Administrator.


Sec.  4284.962  Transfer of obligations.

At the discretion of the Agency and on a case-by-case basis, an
obligation of funds established for an Applicant may be transferred to
a different (substituted) Applicant provided:
    (a) The substituted Applicant:
    (1) Is eligible;
    (2) Has a close and genuine relationship with the original
Applicant; and
    (3) Has the authority to receive the assistance approved for the
original Applicant; and
    (b) The project continues to meet all product, purpose, and
reserved funds eligibility requirements so that the need, purpose(s),
and scope of the project for which the Agency funds will be used remain
substantially unchanged.


Sec. Sec.  4284.963-4284.999  [Reserved]

Dated: April 28, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
[FR Doc. 2015-10441 Filed 5-7-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday

USDA Rural Development hands out grants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 542 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner today
announced that applications are currently being taken for grants through the
Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG), which assists agricultural producers
seeking to add value to the commodities they produce.

"The objective of this grant is to help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities for products derived from agricultural commodities and to assist
them with working capital in the creation of the value added product," explained
Brunner. "At a difficult time in our economy, this grant will strengthen New
Mexico by helping farmers and ranchers realize additional income through this
type of production."

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. VAPG grants could be used,
among many other things, to provide a marketing study to determine the sales
potential of diced tomatoes or salsa from chile. Working capital, including
salaries and utilities, could be provided to create bio-materials (plastics,
fiberboard), on-farm renewable energy, and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel).
Recently, a grant was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine
if dairy wastes can be turned into methane gas.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual gross sales of $700,000
or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, Nov. 30. Paper
applications must be submitted to the Rural Development State Office for the
state in which the project will primarily take place. Electronic applications
must be submitted through the Grants.gov Website at http://www.grants.gov ,
following the instructions provided at that site. Inquiries may be directed to
the USDA Rural Development State Office at (505) 761-4953.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at http:/
www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf .

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $225,000 IN FEDERAL USDA
VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANTS FOR AGRICULTURAL CENTERS IN JEFFERSON COUNTY

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $225,723
in federal funding for Deluke Lawnscapes, Inc. and Thousand Island Meats, LLC in
Jefferson County. The funding is provided by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture&rsquo;s (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This
funding was created to promote growth for small, independent producers, by
allowing them to generate new products, create and expand marketing
opportunities, and increase producer income overall. Specifically, Deluke
Lawnscapes, Inc. will receive $175,723 in federal funds to assist the grantee
with working capital needs associated with their new startup winery, Northern
Flow Vineyards. Thousand Island Meats, LLC will receive $50,000 in federal funds
to examine the feasibility of building a livestock processing facility in
Jefferson County, New York.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow two Jefferson County small businesses to
generate increased economic revenue by developing their products and expanding
their facilities. Helping to grow our local businesses will be a win-win for our
agriculture industry, North Country consumers, and the entire regional
economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in the North
Country&rsquo;s agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from
their crops by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will
continue to drive economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;I am truly excited about how much this grant will help in the startup of
my new winery! After three years of planning, research and getting an education
in winery management at Jefferson Community College this project is finally
getting off the ground,&rdquo; said Philip DeLuke, President of Northern Flow
Vineyards. &ldquo;This grant will not only help me it will help our community,
new and existing employees and our entire local craft beverage industry.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;On behalf of our partnership, Thousand Islands Meats, LLC, we are
excited to learn of this grant award from the USDA Rural Development Value Added
Producer grant program,&rdquo; said Stephen Winkler, Thousand Island Meats, LLC.
&ldquo;The $50,000 grant will be matched with $50,000 of private investment from
Michael E. Lundy, developer for NY Meat Company LLC to conduct feasibility
studies to complete our evaluation of a major USDA meat processing plant in
Jefferson County. We believe this plant is critical to growing our agricultural
industry in New York State, especially in northern New York. It is important
that we complete an in-depth feasibility study of the plant, including business
structure, market opportunities, plant design, and physical location. We look
forward to working with Jefferson County Economic Development, who will help us
administer the grant.&rdquo;



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 19, 2013 Sunday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1115  words


Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers

RALEIGH - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and USDA Rural Development State
Director Randy Gore have announced grants to four agricultural producers and
rural businesses in North Carolina that will help create jobs and develop new
products, including Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. This
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"These awards will support our rural producers, businesses and the communities
where they are located," said State Director Randy Gore. "These dollars support
our Agency's goal to advance a bio-based economy and support local and regional
food systems."

These awardees have been selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added
Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers increase their
income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing
new uses for existing products.

The awards announced include: Calderon Produce, Inc. in Vale and Sandoval
Produce, Inc. in Hendersonville will each use a $100,000 grant to develop a
business and marketing plan for a food safety program, develop a branding
strategy and implement test marketing. Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro will
use a $14,500 grant to fund a feasibility study to confirm the viability of a
biomass heat-service business model to provide heat services to local
greenhouses and poultry barns using pyrolytic furnaces fueled by woody biomass
produced on their farm. Tate Family Farm, Inc., in Climax will use a $300,000
grant to purchase additional milk from two local farms, to hire sales personnel
and for expansion of their marketing plan.

Orange County recognizes Older Americans Month

The Orange County Department on Aging invites the public to its annual juried
art show this month at the Seymour Center. The exhibit will be on display
through May 29.

May marks Older Americans Month and the Senior Games/SilverArts competitions
highlight the many talents and contributions made by the elders in our
community.

One of the featured artists this year is 79-year-old Orange County native Hattie
Vanhook, who won second place in the Heritage Arts basket-weaving category. She
has participated in this competition for the past 10 years. In addition to
baskets, Hattie has made dresses for children in third world countries.

The Department on Aging strives to provide older adults with the necessary tools
to aid in self-expression and self-reliance. "SilverArts addresses both of these
goals by allowing the seniors to display their art and take pride in creating
their own brand, which distinguishes him or her from the competition," said Myra
Austin, administrator of Orange County senior centers.

The Senior Games, SilverArts exhibit and host of classes and events offered by
the Department on Aging allow older adults to identify their weaknesses and
expand upon

see briefs/page 8

their strengths, which ultimately results in an increase in self-confidence and
efficacy. The goal is to decrease the level of dependence seniors have on
others.

For more information about the Aging programs and services available in Orange
County, please call 919-968-2070 in Chapel Hill or 919-245-2015 in Hillsborough.

Last Fridays: Blues on the Burwell School lawn

HILLSBOROUGH - The Burwell School Historic Site and Music Maker Relief
Foundation present the Blues at Burwell summer concert series during
Hillsborough Arts Council's Last Fridays events. Performances take place May 31,
June 28, July 26 and Aug. 30.

The series kicks off with Ironing Board Sam on May 31 at 6 p.m. on the front
lawn of the Burwell School. Please bring your own seating, blankets and dancing
shoes. Punch will be provided. No alcoholic beverages are permitted at this
event.

The event is free and open to the public. For more information, please call
919-732-7451.

Anthropologist awarded Guggenheim Fellowship

CHAPEL HILL - Anthropologist Patricia McAnany at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship to support her
research.

McAnany is the Kenan Eminent Professor of Anthropology in UNC's College of Arts
and Sciences.

The John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, based in New York City, appoints
fellows based on prior achievement and exceptional promise in research and
artistic creation.

McAnany's proposed book project is "Heritage without Irony: Transcultural
Dialogue at a Busy Intersection." As an archaeologist, she has conducted field
research and cultural heritage programs throughout the Maya region, and she
co-founded the UNC program, InHerit: Indigenous Heritage Passed to Present. Maya
cultural heritage is situated at the busy intersection of archaeological
practice, local community and remains of the past. One of the challenges of
heritage conservation is building new knowledge communities that bridge the
chasm between local and global. In her book, she will approach these lines of
intersection from historical, ethical and philosophical perspectives.

The foundation awarded 175 fellowships to a diverse group of scholars, artists
and scientists across 56 disciplines and from 85 academic institutions. The
candidates were chosen from among a group of almost 3,000 applicants. Many
Nobel, Pulitzer and other prize winners are fellowship alumni.

First class of Chancellor's Science Scholars selected

CHAPEL HILL - The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill this fall will
welcome 25 scholars - all aspiring to careers in the sciences - into the
inaugural Chancellor's Science Scholars Program.

The incoming cohort includes 17 scholars from North Carolina. The first-year
students were chosen from the top 10 percent of the more than 15,000 Early
Action applicants; the 87 finalists who were interviewed averaged an SAT math
score of 721 (31 ACT) and an average GPA of 4.733.

Modeled after the nationally recognized Meyerhoff Scholars Program at the
University of Maryland-Baltimore County, the Chancellor's Science Scholars
Program provides a head start for superb students of diverse backgrounds,
including first-generation college students and students of color. The program
is open to admitted first-year students at UNC-Chapel Hill who are committed to
increasing the contingent of underrepresented populations in the sciences and
helping our nation meet its most pressing challenges.

The program begins with an accelerated six-week residential experience this
summer. Visit the Chancellor's Science Scholar's website
(http://chancellorssciencescholars.web.unc.edu/) for additional information.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

LOCAL BIZ BRIEFS

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Jan. 4--Ecolab announces

local grants

Twenty-one nonprofit programs and organizations received a total of $34,000 in
direct grants from Ecolab earlier this month.

The company's Community Relations Council awarded the grants to youth and
education, community development and arts and culture organizations in Grand
Forks and East Grand Forks.

The recipients were honored on Dec. 11 during a reception at Ecolab.

U.S. Bank, UND

offer credit advice

A recent gift will help maintain UND's Understanding Credit Program.

The program, which is offered through the College of Business and Public
Administration, allows students majoring in finance or financial management to
complete credit counseling training provided by Village Family Services.

Students who complete the training are able to counsel their peers on various
credit issues.

U.S. Bank of Grand Forks put $5,000 toward the program.

USDA applications

accepted soon

BISMARCK -- Applications for a grant program that will provide farmers and
ranchers with investment funds to expand their role in developing value-added
products will soon be available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The value added producer grant program is open to independent producers,
agricultural producer groups, farmer or rancher cooperatives and
majority-controlled producer-based business ventures.

Value-added products are agricultural products that gain value through
processing, production, segregation or other means, or produce renewable energy
on a farm or ranch.

More information can be obtained online at www.

rurdev.usda.gov.

Copyright (c) 2007, Grand Forks Herald, N.D. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070104-GF-0104-LOCAL-BIZ-BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2007 Grand Forks Herald


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Leahy: Grants Totaling $185,865 To Two Vermont Farms Will Advance Value-Added
Farm Products

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) says two Vermont farms will receive a total of
$185,865 in grants under a program that encourages value-added American
agricultural products.  The awards, under the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Value-Added Producer Grant program, will be used to expand natural meat
production and to develop nutritional labels, among other projects.

Leahy said, "The Value-Added Grant Program has been a great success in Vermont
and fits well into our efforts to upgrade and diversify our economy.  Value
-added agriculture creates new jobs, contributing to community and rural
economic development and building on the record and reputation for quality that
has become a Vermont trademark.  These grants help Vermont farmers in bringing
products that consumers want to market, from grass-fed beef, chicken, and pork,
to fresh cream-top milk.  Rewarding and supporting the innovation and hard work
of Vermont farms like Sweet Rowen Farmstead and North Hollow Farm is a great way
and a smart way to move our agricultural economy forward."

Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, has long
championed expansion of value-added agriculture in Vermont's farm and food
sector.  He fought hard and succeeded in renewing the value-added promotion
program in this year's 2014 Farm Bill, overcoming strong opposition.  The modest
but targeted program helps agricultural producers grow their businesses by
turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding marketing
opportunities and developing new uses for existing products.

North Hollow Farm LLC in Rochester is receiving a $161,204 grant to expand
processing and marketing of grass-fed beef and natural meats.  Sweet Rowen
Farmstead LLC in West Glover will use its $24,661 grant to help in hiring and
employee training, and for developing nutritional labels for their products.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million.  Twenty percent of the grants and 16 percent of total funding has been
awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers.  The 2014 Farm Bill increases
mandatory funding for the program from $15 million to $63 million over five
years, while also reauthorizing an additional $40 million in discretionary
funding.

For further information please visit: http://www.leahy.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Wilmot Enterprise (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 5, 2013

FARM SERVICE AGENCY

BYLINE: The Wilmot Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 732  words


Grant Programs Available through Rural Development (RD)

Producers now have until January 15, 2014, to report crops that have a November
15, 2013, or December 15, 2013, reporting deadline without paying a late-file
fee. Crops under this waiver include winter wheat, rye and native and improved
grasses intended for grazing or haying. The Risk Management Agency (RMA) did not
grant a waiver so producers need to consult then-crop insurance agent for
deadlines for insured crops.

In order to comply with FSA program eligibility requirements, all producers are
encouraged to visit the Roberts County FSA office to file an accurate crop
certification report by the applicable deadline.

The following acreage reporting dates are applicable for Roberts County:

January 2nd, 2014: Honey

January 15, 2014: Late-filed 2014 winter wheat, rye, and perennial forage (fees
waived)

July 15, 2014: All other spring seeded crops

The following exceptions apply to the above acreage reporting dates:

If the crop has not been planted by the above acreage reporting date, then the
acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after planting is
completed.

If a producer acquires additional acreage after the above acreage reporting
date, then the acreage must be reported no later than 30 calendars days after
purchase or acquiring the lease. Appropriate documentation must be provided to
the county office.

If a perennial forage crop is reported with the intended use of "cover only,"
"green manure," "left standing," or "seed" then the acreage must be reported by
July 15th.

According to Rolstad, Nonin-sured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) policy
holders should note that the acreage reporting date for NAP covered crops is the
earlier of the dates listed above or 15 calendar days before grazing or
harvesting of the crop begins.

Additionally, producers can purchase both NAP and RMA coverage for 2014 annual
forage crops. NAP coverage will not be available for 2015 annual forage crops.

Late file fees will be assessed for 2013 crops reported after September 15,
2013, and 2014 crops reported after January 15, 2014.

GRANT programs available for producers through the local Rural Development
Office:

REAP: This is the dryer grant program. Besides dryers, they can also finance
renewable energy systems- wind, solar, geothermal-used in farm operations, but
the grant cannot be used for residential purposes. Also, energy efficiency can
include lighting replacement-particularly for dairies-insulation, etc. The
funding level isn't known yet for FY2014 but they are actively taking
applications. The application must be submitted PRIOR to paying for the project-
this includes down payments to get mid-winter discounts for dryers.

VAPG: Value Added Producer Grant: This program is for ag producers who want to
somehow add value to their crops or livestock, and the grant can be used for
Planning purposes- feasibility study, marketing studies, etc. or for working
capital-operating cost directly related to the processing or marketing of the
value-added product. Examples include dairy farmer making cheese; producer
processing meat/chicken on farm/locally produced vegetables/fruits-mak-ing jams,
honey; beef or dairy producer installing anaerobic digester to generate
electricity to be used in farm operation; swine producer selling organic raised
hogs, etc. The program required 100% match, but can be up to $100,000 for
planning grants or $300,000 for working capital grants- although the limits MAY
be reduced this year. It takes awhile to put together the application packet-
the sooner you get started, the better.

We have brochures in the office regarding these programs but if you have any
questions please contact Darlene Bresson, Rural Development at 1720 4th Street
NE, Ste 2, Watertown SD 57201, Phone: 605-886-8202 Ext 120. FAX 855-262-1945.

The next County Committee Meeting will be held on December 5, 2013 at 8:00 am.

For questions regarding crop certification and crop loss reports, please contact
the Roberts County FSA office at (605)698-7639.

For more information on other FSA programs, visit a local FSA service center or
www.fsa.usda. gov.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Ave. SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call (800) 795-3272 (voice),
or (202) 720-6382 (TDD).

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Wilmot Enterprise


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

Business Watch: Herman's Meat Market to move in the next year

LENGTH: 550 words


Herman's Meat Market will move to a new location and open a restaurant section
sometime in the next year.

Owner Jeff Herman said the new location, on S.W. Huntoon west of Gage, will have
almost three times the space of the current location at 2825 S.W. Fairlawn.

That will allow space for restaurant seating, he said.

The timeline for moving isn't final, Herman said, but he hopes to open the new
location by the first quarter of 2016. The new location also may have extended
hours, though the exact ones will be released closer to the move, he said.

The new location will continue to offer large bundles of meat, sliced deli meats
and cheeses and the lunch menu of sandwiches, soups and chili, Herman said. The
restaurant portion will add a variety of barbecued meats, including chicken,
brisket, ribs and turkey, he said.

"We're hoping to offer a full line of barbecue," he said. "We're definitely
going to have to hire some more folks."

Food producers can get grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering $30 million in grants to farmers,
ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new products.

The 'Value-Added Producer' grants can cover some of the costs of either planning
to determine whether an idea is viable, or making the product a reality, said
Jessica Bowser, spokeswoman for USDA Rural Development in Kansas. The maximum
grant is $75,000 for planning or $250,000 in working capital, she said.

Value-added products are those that take a raw material, such as wheat, and turn
it into something that commands a higher price, such as pasta. A previous
awardee from the Topeka area received funds to produce pumpkin donuts from his
seasonal pumpkin patch.

"USDA is really focused right now on helping rural agricultural producers
increases their profits," Bowser said. "That's not only providing jobs and
increasing their profits, it's going to affect the entire community."

The grants are available for most non-corporate producers, Bowser said, though
military veterans, new farmers and ranchers and those who have small operations,
people from disadvantaged backgrounds, cooperatives and supply networks that
link producers and businesses that add value to their products will receive
priority.

The deadline is July 2 for electronic applications and July 7 for paper ones.
For more information, contact Nancy Pletcher, USDA Rural Development business
programs specialist, (785) 271-2733 or nancy.pletcher@ks.usda.gov, or visit
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants/ks.

Realtors affiliate

with Berkshire

A Topeka real estate office at 2858 S.W. Villa West has joined Berkshire
Hathaway HomeServices.

Debbie Davis, the managing broker, said the same people who worked in the office
as Prudential First Realtors will continue to work there under the new
affiliation. The real estate firm has worked with residential and commercial
real estate in Topeka for 25 years, she said.

Davis said joining BHHS was advantageous because the brand is prestigious and
the company focuses on building trust with clients.

"We feel privileged to join Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices, a brand inspired by
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc.," she said.

For more information, call (785) 271-2888 or visit www.BHHSFirstRealtors.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday
                     AUBURN/CHARLTON/DUDLEY/OXFORD EDITION

Dudley farm receives USDA grant

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110 grants to agricultural
producers and rural businesses.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

The awardees were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer
Grants. The grants help agricultural producers increase their income by
expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses
for existing products.

James Koebke of Dudley will use a $48,000 grant for a feasibility study for the
development of a farmstead creamery to process and distribute specialty cheeses
and yogurts at an established family dairy farm.

The farm has been part of the Koebke family since 1910. The current farm
includes a farm stand, and the Koebkes have recently developed a creamery, which
will process milk into specialty cheeses and yogurt.

The family is highly regarded in the region and is expanding dairy operations to
include value-added products.

In addition to the study, the Koebkes will help develop a business plan, food
safety plan and marketing plan. The products will not only be sold at the stand
but they intend to expand into local retailers and specialty shops. It is also
anticipated that three new full-time jobs will be created.

"Our Massachusetts dairy farmers have a great opportunity to be more viable,
preserve more working landscapes, and create more jobs when we develop more
outlets for value-added dairy products. This grant will assist Koebke Farms in
joining other local dairies that have successfully transitioned to more
profitable retail-oriented product," said Jay Healy, MA/CT/RI Rural Development
State Director.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyfcompassmap.htm .

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 26, 2011 Saturday

Farm Briefs

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 464 words


Space for 'Tractor Days'

DOBBINS   Vendor space is available for the Seventh Annual Vintage Tractor Days
in Oregon House, which takes place April 30 and May 1, held by the
Dobbins/Oregon House Improvement Foundation.

Last year the event had more than 120 tractors and free activities for children.
For vendor information, 692-2294.

FFA Field Day planned

The 43rd Annual FFA Field Day takes place March 12 at the Chico State University
Farm, Butte College and Chico State campus. Registration is at 7 a.m., with
contests at 8 a.m.

During the event, FFA students compete in livestock judging, ag pest control,
vegetable crop judging, farm records, etc.

About 1,200 contestants are expected, with 23 contests.

Land Stewardship nominees needed

SACRAMENTO  ?Nominees are being sought by July 8 for the Leopold Conservation
Awards, held by the Sand County Foundation, in partnership with Sustainable
Conservation and the California Farm Bureau Federation.?

The $10,000 award recognizes California farmers and ranchers who demonstrate
outstanding, sustainable management of natural resources. The award is presented
in honor of conservationist and author Aldo Leopold, who called for an ethical
relationship between people and the land they own and manage.

Categories include nurseries and crop or livestock.

Information: www.leopoldconservationaward.org, e-mail suscon@suscon.org or (415)
977-0380.

Forecast for ag exports

WASHINGTON   Last week Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack released statements
about the quarterly forecast for U.S. agricultural exports, which are expected
to reach a record $135.5 billion in 2011.

The ag trade surplus is expected to reach $47.5 billion, surpassing the previous
record in 2008 of $36 billion.

Value-added producer grants available

WASHINGTON   Socially disadvantaged farmers will have additional opportunities
under the Value Added Producer Grant Program, due to recent changes.

The changes include:

Up to 10 percent of funding for beginner farmers and social disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers;

Up to 10 percent of funding to local and/or regional supply networks that link
producers with companies marketing their products;

Priority for grants to beginner farmers, socially disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small and medium-sized family farms;

Extend grant eligibility to producers who market their products within their
state or within a 400-mile radius.

The changes take effect March 25.

Value-Added Producer Grants may be used for feasibility studies or business
plans, working capital for marketing value-added agricultural products and for
farm-based renewable energy projects. Eligible applicants include independent
producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups.

Information: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF2ac0o2mjI.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:Funding to support beginning, veteran, and socially-disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to expand businesses

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

L.I. farm gets $50K to market North Fork Chips

BYLINE: David Winzelberg

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 237  words


Martin Sidor Farms in Mattituck will get $49,990 in federal funding to revamp
its marketing strategy to raise brand awareness and increase sales of its North
Fork Potato Chips.

The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value
-Added Producer Grant Program, designed to help boost farms' income and
productivity by increasing access to capital, providing technical assistance and
developing new marketing strategies for independent producers to increase
exposure and broaden their customer base, according to a statement.

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said in the statement. "These
federal grants will help ensure that our small farms and independent producers
have the resources they need to bring their products to market and continue to
drive economic growth in their region and across the state. "

Gillibrand, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, made the grant
announcement Wednesday.

"We are extremely proud and grateful to be awarded the USDA Value-Added Producer
Grant," farm owners Martin and Carol Sidor said in the statement. "The grant
will enable us to move forward with a marketing plan to increase sales and brand
awareness for our North Fork Potato Chips, and in turn, will increase consumer
knowledge of the agricultural industry, which as farmers is a very important
component for us. "

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 13, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Duluth growers win grant to study feasibility of farmer cooperative

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


Feb. 13--A group of Duluth area growers have won a $19,000 federal grant to
explore the feasibility of setting up a cooperative of local farmers and
producers.

The Duluth Market Gardeners and Berry Association will receive the grant from
the Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development.

The group will use the grant to pay for a study looking into establishing a
formal farmer cooperative made up of independent producers at the Duluth Farmers
Market.

The grant is intended to help small and independent producers to develop value
-added products. These are products whose value is increased during production
or processing, such as turning raspberries into jam.

Together, Minnesota senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken announced the grant on
Tuesday.

"This support will help develop local markets and ensure that Duluth's family
farmers and producers can continue to grow their businesses well into the
future," Klobuchar said in a statement.

Franken noted the role of family farms in job creation and the state's economy.

"This funding will allow Duluth's family farmers to expand their operations and
continue to produce the top quality products

enjoyed by people all over the country," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120213-DU-BRF-Duluth-growers-win-grant
-to-study-feasibility-of-farmer-cooperative-0213-20120213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $250K in Federal Value-Added
Producer Grants for 2 Family Farms in Allegany and Otsego Counties

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$256,517 in federal funding for two farms in the Southern Tier. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Value Added Producer
Grants program. Northern Timber Harvesting, LLC in Allegany County will receive
$10,000 in order to complete an independent feasibility study of producing value
-added wood products from raw roundwood logs. Magnale, LLC in Otsego County,
also called B&B Ranch, will receive $246,517 to fund capital needs associated
with processing and marketing their Piedmontese cattle, Berkshire Pigs, and
Spanish Goats throughout Central New York.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow two farms in the Southern Tier generate
increased economic revenue by bringing new products to market and studying how
to expand their operations. Helping our local farms grow their business will be
a win-win for our agriculture industry, Southern Tier consumers, and the entire
regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Central New
York&rsquo;s agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their
crops by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to
drive economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;







 &ldquo;The USDA Value-Added Producers Grant will play a key role in the
continued growth of our business. The B & B Ranch is proud to be a part of the
growing agricultural tourism sector here in Central New York. We feel strongly
that agricultural, tourism, and value-added production will continue to be the
economic engine for high-wage job growth here in Central New York and are
grateful that we can continue to contribute to this growing business sector. We
thank Senator Schumer for his leadership and support,&rdquo; said James
Giombetti, owner of B & B Ranch.







 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year. This year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural
producers nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and
sell their products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring
new jobs to their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $250K IN FEDERAL VALUE-ADDED
PRODUCER GRANTS FOR 2 FAMILY FARMS IN ALLEGANY AND OTSEGO COUNTIES

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$256,517 in federal funding for two farms in the Southern Tier. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Value Added Producer
Grants program. Northern Timber Harvesting, LLC in Allegany County will receive
$10,000 in order to complete an independent feasibility study of producing value
-added wood products from raw roundwood logs. Magnale, LLC in Otsego County,
also called B&B Ranch, will receive $246,517 to fund capital needs associated
with processing and marketing their Piedmontese cattle, Berkshire Pigs, and
Spanish Goats throughout Central New York.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow two farms in the Southern Tier generate
increased economic revenue by bringing new products to market and studying how
to expand their operations. Helping our local farms grow their business will be
a win-win for our agriculture industry, Southern Tier consumers, and the entire
regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Central New
York&rsquo;s agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their
crops by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to
drive economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;The USDA Value-Added Producers Grant will play a key role in the
continued growth of our business. The B & B Ranch is proud to be a part of the
growing agricultural tourism sector here in Central New York. We feel strongly
that agricultural, tourism, and value-added production will continue to be the
economic engine for high-wage job growth here in Central New York and are
grateful that we can continue to contribute to this growing business sector. We
thank Senator Schumer for his leadership and support,&rdquo; said James
Giombetti, owner of B & B Ranch.



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year. This year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural
producers nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and
sell their products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring
new jobs to their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Whitefish Pilot (Montana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Tester meets with niche producers, farmers

BYLINE: Heidi Desch, Whitefish Pilot, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 885 words


Oct. 26--Montana farmers and producers face increasing pressure from
international competition and navigating the bureaucracy that comes with the
federal grants that could assist them is a challenge.

That was the message a group of specialty crop producers and farmers told U.S.
Democratic Sen. Jon Tester Thursday during a listening session at Glacier Hops
Ranch south of Whitefish.

Mike Jopek, owner of Purple Frog Gardens, said there needs to be more focus on
helping small farms. Large producers want access to bigger markets, but for his
farm that doesn't make sense, he noted.

"Some of us don't have an international market," he said. "For some of us our
market is Whitefish. We can't compete with international vegetables. When
country of origin labeling left the beef industry that was an issue. I hope we
don't lose that for the vegetable labels."

Andy Sponseller, owner of Ten Spoon Winery in Missoula, said he doesn't want the
wine he produces in larger markets because he says that model is not
sustainable, but he is facing increased pressure from international wines
flooding the marketplace.

"The small businesses are the fabric our of state and we have to have a
different priority," he said. "Anything we can do to encourage the use of
Montana made, grown and raised products. How do we get the guy down the street
to eat the vegetables grown here, drink the beer with the hops grown here and
the wines that are made here?"

Tester's stop in Whitefish was part of a statewide listening tour on the Farm
Bill. Specialty crop producers who joined the discussion raise hops, grapes and
fruits that traditionally have not been a part of Montana's production
agriculture landscape.

Congress passed the last Farm Bill in 2014 and beginning next year Congress will
hold hearings on a new bill. The last Farm Bill was nearly $1 trillion and with
agriculture contributing as much as $2 billion annually to Montana's economy the
bill could have a big impact on the state.

"The Farm Bill ends in 2018 and that seems like a long time, but it's not,"
Tester told the roughly two dozen people gathered for the session. "I think the
conversation is going to start early that's why I wanted to get around the state
and visit about what works and what doesn't."

"We'll try to make a difference," he added. "We need to have a thoughtful
discussion about where we want to go rather than being reactive."

A common frustration amongst the farmers and producers who gathered inside a
small farm building at the hops farm was issues revolving around grants that
could benefit their operations. Concerns included the timing of deadlines for
grants that often hit during peak production season, unfair administrative costs
associated with the grants and a lack of grant money for those creating value
-added products or producing niche crops.

Kathy Hadley, executive director of the Butte-based National Center for
Appropriate Technology that promotes sustainable solutions, said one of the
biggest complaints she hears is from producers applying for grants that the
deadlines fall in summer when they are the busiest. The grants aren't going to
small farmers either, she added.

"They expect the grantee to have zero administrative costs [spent from the grant
]," she said. "That's why 75 percent of the grants go to the university system
because they can handle the administrative costs."

Tester said grant money needs to be spent the way it's intended, but "we need to
make sure that money gets to the ground."

Sue Snow owns Tabletree Juice, a juicing facility in Bigfork, that plans to
assist Flathead cherry growers by turning culled cherries into juice. She said
the business faces a challenge in that most grants are designed to assist the
producer rather than the businesses looking to assist those farmers through
creating value-added products.

"Farmers lose a lot of money from the fruit and vegetables they have to cull,
but they're still viable and can be used," she said.

Tom Britz, owner of Glacier Hops Ranch where the event was held, said
alternative products like his own face challenges and he has witnessed those in
getting his operation up and going. Britz's property has been part of a state
Department of Agriculture grant to experiment with different processes for hop
growth. He said flexible grant programs would assist small producers so they
could better react to the market opportunities for their crops.

There isn't a shortage of demand for hops, he said, but growing and harvesting
the hopes can present problems.

"There's one new brewery opening [in the country] every nine and a half hours,"
he said.

"You got to love it," Tester interrupted.

"Craft breweries use 10 times more hops than corporate beers, so we can sell
whatever we can produce," Britz continued. "There is building markets for these
crops, but the difficulty is that a niche crop can take $18,000 per acre to
establish."

Following the more than hour-long session, Tester called the meeting productive.

"I took four pages of notes," he said. "There's some things we can to do to
influence the laws being written. That's why we're here rather than at the 11th
hour."

___ (c)2016 The Whitefish Pilot (Whitefish, Mont.) Visit The Whitefish Pilot
(Whitefish, Mont.) at www.flatheadnewsgroup.com/whitefishpilot/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161026-UW-Tester-meets-with-niche-producers-farmers-1026-20161026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UW


                       Copyright 2016 The Whitefish Pilot


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 8136  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2016 applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program.

Approximately $44 million is available to help agricultural producers enter into
value- added activities for FY 2016, including approximately $30.25 million
available through the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill), $10.75 million
through the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 and $3 million in carryover
funding. DATES: You must submit your application by July 1, 2016 or it will not
be considered for funding. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped or sent overnight by this date. You may also hand carry your application
to one of our field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the
deadline date. Electronic applications are permitted via http://www.grants.gov
only, and must be received before midnight Eastern Time, June 24, 2016. Late
applications are not eligible for grant funding under this Notice. ADDRESSES:
You should contact your USDA Rural Development State Office if you have
questions about eligibility or submission requirements. You are encouraged to
contact your State Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss
your project and to ask any questions about the application process. Application
materials are available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the VAPG funding announcement on http://www.grants.gov. Please
review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/web/applicants/organization-registration.html for instructions on the
process of registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are
able to meet the electronic application deadline. If you want to submit a paper
application, send it to the State Office located in the State where your project
will primarily take place. You can find State Office Contact information at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
MS 3253, Room 4008-South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Value-Added Producer
Grant. Announcement Type: Initial funding request. Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number: 10.352. Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your
complete paper application by July 1, 2016 or it will not be considered for
funding. Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no
later than midnight Eastern Time, June 24, 2016 or it will not be considered for
funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act,
the paperwork burden associated with this Notice has been approved by the Office
of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0039. A. Program
Description The VAPG program is authorized under section 231 of the Agriculture
Risk Protection Act of 2000 (Pub. L. 106-224), as amended by section 6203 of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) (see 7 U.S.C. 1632a). Applicants must
adhere to the requirements contained in the program regulation, 7 CFR 4284,
subpart J, which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The objective of
this grant program is to assist viable Independent Producers, Agricultural
Producer Groups, Farmer and Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled
Producer-Based Businesses in starting or expanding value-added activities
related to the [[Page 20608]] processing and/or marketing of Value-Added
Agricultural Products. Grants will be awarded competitively for either planning
or working capital projects directly related to the processing and/or marketing
of value-added products. Generating new products, creating and expanding
marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the end goals of the
program. All proposals must demonstrate economic viability and sustainability in
order to compete for funding. Funding priority will be made available to
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers, Operators of Small and Medium-Sized
Farms and Ranches structured as Family Farms or Ranches, Farmer or Rancher
Cooperatives, and projects proposing to develop a Mid-Tier Value Chain. See 7
CFR 4284.923 for Reserved Funds eligibility and 7 CFR 4284.924 for Priority
Scoring eligibility. Definitions The terms you need to understand are defined in
7 CFR 4284.902. B. Federal Award Information Type of Instrument: Grant. Fiscal
Year 2016 Funds: $10.75 million. Approximate Number of Awards: Approximately
300. Available Total Funding: Approximately $44 million. Maximum Award Amount:
Planning--$75,000; Working Capital--$250,000. Project Period: Up to 36 months
depending on the complexity of the project. Anticipated Award Date: September
30, 2016. Reservation of Funds: Ten percent of available funds for applications
will be reserved for applications submitted by Beginning and
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, and an additional ten percent of
available funds for applications from farmers or ranchers proposing development
of Mid-Tier Value Chains. Reserved funds not obligated prior to June 30, 2016,
will be used for the VAPG general competition. If this is the case, Beginning
and Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers and applicants proposing Mid-Tier
Value Chains will compete with other eligible VAPG applications. C. Eligibility
Information Applicants must comply with the program regulation 7 CFR part 4284
subpart J in order to meet all of the following eligibility requirements.
Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements by the application
deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated further. 1.
Eligible Applicants You must demonstrate that you meet all the applicant
eligibility requirements of 7 CFR 4284.920 and 4284.921. This includes meeting
the definition requirements at 7 CFR 4284.902 for one of the following applicant
types: Independent Producer, Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher
Cooperative or Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business and also meeting the
Emerging Market, Citizenship, Legal Authority and Responsibility, Multiple
Grants and Active Grants requirements of the section. Required documentation to
support eligibility is contained at 7 CFR 4284.931. Federally-recognized Tribes
and tribal entities must demonstrate that they meet the definition requirements
for one of the four eligible applicant types. Rural Development State Offices
and posted application toolkits will provide additional information on Tribal
eligibility. Per 7 CFR 4284.921, an applicant is ineligible if they have been
debarred or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation
in Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' In addition, an applicant will be considered ineligible for a
grant due to an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court
(other than U.S. Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income
taxes, or is delinquent on Federal debt. An Applicant may submit only one
application in response to a solicitation, and must explicitly direct that it
compete in either the general funds competition or in one of the named reserved
funds competitions. Multiple applications from separate entities with identical
or greater than 75 percent common ownership, or from a parent, subsidiary or
affiliated organization (with ``affiliation'' defined by Small Business
Administration regulation 13 CFR 121.103, or successor regulation) are not
permitted. Further, Applicants who have already received a Planning Grant for
the proposed project cannot receive another Planning Grant for the same project.
Applicants who have already received a Working Capital Grant for the proposed
project cannot receive any additional grants for that project (Proposals from
previous award recipients should be substantially different in terms of products
and/or markets and should not merely be extensions of previously funded
projects). 2. Cost-Sharing or Matching There is a matching funds requirement of
at least $1 for every $1 in grant funds provided by the Agency (matching funds
plus grant funds must equal proposed Total Project Costs). Matching funds may be
in the form of cash or eligible in-kind contributions and may be used only for
eligible project purposes. Tribal applicants may utilize grants made available
under Public Law 93-638, the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance
Act of 1975, as their matching contribution, and should check with appropriate
tribal authorities regarding the availability of such funding. Matching funds
must be available at time of application and must be certified and verified as
described in 7 CFR 4284.931(b)(3) and (4). Note that matching funds must also be
discussed as part of the scoring criterion Commitments and Support as described
in section E.1. (c). 3. Project Eligibility You must demonstrate that you meet
all the project eligibility requirements of 7 CFR 4284.922. (a) Product
eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working capital grants must meet
all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(a), including that your value-added product
must result from one of the five methodologies identified in the definition of
Value-Added Agricultural Product at 7 CFR 4284.902. In addition, you must
demonstrate that, as a result of the project, the customer base for the
agricultural commodity or value-added product will be expanded, by including a
baseline of current customers for the commodity, and an estimated target number
of customers that will result from the project; and that, a greater portion of
the revenue derived from the marketing or processing of the value-added product
is available to the applicant producer(s) of the agricultural commodity, by
including a baseline of current revenues from the sale of the agricultural
commodity and an estimate of increased revenues that will result from the
project. (b) Purpose eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working
capital grants must meet all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(b) regarding maximum
grant amounts, verification of matching funds, eligible and ineligible uses of
grant and matching funds, a substantive work plan and budget. [[Page 20609]] (i)
Planning Grants. A planning grant is used to fund development of a defined
program of economic planning activities to determine the viability of a
potential value-added venture, and specifically for the purpose of paying for a
qualified consultant to conduct and develop a feasibility study, business plan,
and/or marketing plan associated with the processing and/or marketing of a value
-added agricultural product. Planning grant funds may not be used to fund
working capital activities. (ii) Working Capital Grants. This type of grant
provides funds to operate a value-added project, specifically to pay the
eligible project expenses related to the processing and/or marketing of the
value-added product that are eligible uses of grant funds. Working capital funds
may not be used for planning purposes. (c) Reserved Funds Eligibility. To
qualify for Reserved Funds as a Beginning or Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or
Rancher or if you propose to develop a Mid-Tier Value Chain, you must meet the
requirements found at 7 CFR 4284.923. If your application is eligible, but is
not awarded under the Reserved Funds, it will automatically be considered for
general funds in that same fiscal year, as funding levels permit. (d) Priority
Points. To qualify for Priority Points for projects that contribute to
increasing opportunities for Beginning Farmers or Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, or if you are an Operator of a
Small- or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch structured as a Family Farm, a Veteran
Farmer or Rancher, propose a Mid-Tier Value Chain project, or are a Farmer or
Rancher Cooperative, you must meet the applicable eligibility requirements at 7
CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 and must address the relevant proposal evaluation
criterion. Priority points will also be awarded during the scoring process to
eligible Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Cooperatives, and
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures that best contribute to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers or
Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, and/or Veteran Farmers or
Ranchers. You must meet the eligibility requirements at 7 CFR 4284.923 and
4284.924 and must address the relevant proposal evaluation criterion. 4.
Eligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds Eligible uses of grant and matching
funds are discussed, along with examples, in 7 CFR 4284.923. In general, grant
and cost-share matching funds have the same use restrictions and must be used to
fund only the costs for eligible purposes as defined at 7 CFR 4284.923 (a) and
(b). 5. Ineligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds Federal procurement
standards prohibit transactions that involve a real or apparent Conflict of
Interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or their Immediate Family
members having a personal, professional, financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; including organizational conflicts, and conflicts that
restrict open and free competition for unrestrained trade. A list (not all
inclusive) of ineligible uses of grant and matching funds is found in 7 CFR
4284.926. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Applications The application toolkit, regulation, and official program
notification for this funding opportunity can be obtained online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. You may
also contact your USDA Rural Development State Office by visiting
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You may also obtain a copy by
calling 202-690-1374. The toolkit contains an application checklist, templates,
required grant forms, and instructions. Although the Agency highly recommends
their use, use of the templates in the toolkit is not mandatory. 2. Content and
Form of Application Submission You may submit your application in paper form or
electronically through Grants.gov. Your application must contain all required
information. To submit an application electronically, you must follow the
instructions for this funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. Please note
that we cannot accept emailed or faxed applications. You can locate the Grants.
gov downloadable application package for this program by using a keyword, the
program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this
program. When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you
must also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend
that you do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. You must submit all of your application
documents electronically through Grants.gov. After electronically submitting an
application through Grants.gov, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement
from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. If you want to
submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located in the State
where your project will primarily take place. You can find State Office Contact
information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. An optional-use
Agency application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. Your
application must contain all of the required forms and proposal elements
described in 7 CFR 4284.931, unless otherwise clarified in this Notice. You are
encouraged, but not required to utilize the Application Toolkits found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants, however,
you must become familiar with the program regulation at 7 CFR part 4284, subpart
J in order to submit a successful application. Basic application contents are
outlined below:  Standard Form (SF)-424, ``Application for Federal

 Assistance,'' to include your DUNS number and SAM (CAGE) code and

 expiration date. Because there are no specific fields for a CAGE code

 and expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on the

 form. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration date and the

 DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered for funding.

      SF-424A, ``Budget Information-Non-Construction Programs.''

 This form must be completed and submitted as part of the application

 package.

      SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.'' This

 form must be completed, signed, and submitted as part of the

 application package.

      Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony

 Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you

 are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles

 of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the

 Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic

 of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United

 States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth

 of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico,



 [[Page 20610]]



 or the U.S. Virgin Islands. Corporations include both for profit and

 non-profit entities.

      You must certify that there are no current outstanding

 Federal judgments against your property and that you will not use grant

 funds to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy

 the Certification requirement, you should include this statement in

 your application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the

 United States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its

 property and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments obtained by

 the United States.'' A separate signature is not required.

      Executive Summary and Abstract. A one-page Executive

 Summary containing the following information: Legal name of applicant

 entity, application type (planning or working capital), applicant type,

 amount of grant request, a summary of your project, and whether you are

 submitting a simplified application, and whether you are requesting

 Reserved Funds. Also include a separate abstract of up to 100 words

 briefly describing your project.

      Eligibility discussion.

      Work plan and budget.

      Performance evaluation criteria.

      Proposal evaluation criteria.

      Certification and verification of matching funds.

      Reserved Funds and Priority Point documentation (as

 applicable).

      Appendices containing required supporting documentation.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System

 for Awards Management (SAM)

     In order to be eligible (unless you are accepted under 2 CFR

 25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:

     (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be

 obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;

     (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may

 register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/;

 and

     (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current

 information at all times during which you have an active Federal award

 or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding

 agency.

     If you have not fully complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM

 requirements, the Agency may determine that the applicant is not

 qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency may use that

 determination as a basis for making an award to another applicant.

 Please refer to Section F. 2. for additional submission requirements

 that apply to grantees selected for this program.

 4. Submission Dates and Times

     Application Deadline Date: July 1, 2016.

     Explanation of Deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and

 mailed, shipped, or sent overnight by July 1, 2016. The Agency will

 determine whether your application is late based on the date shown on

 the postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry your

 application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by

 close of business on the deadline date. If the due date falls on a

 Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. Late applications will automatically be considered

 ineligible and will not be evaluated further.

     Electronic applications must be received at http://www.grants.gov

 no later than midnight Eastern time, June 24, 2016 to be eligible for

 FY 2016 grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site, http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on

 the process of registering your organization as soon as possible to

 ensure you are able to meet the electronic application deadline.

 Grants.gov will not accept applications submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review

     Executive Order (EO) 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs, applies to this program. This EO requires that Federal

 agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance

 with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single

 Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. A list of

 States that maintain a SPOC may be obtained at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/
grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC, you must

 submit your application directly for review. Any comments obtained

 through the SPOC must be provided to RD for consideration as part of

 your application. If your State has not established a SPOC or you do

 not want to submit your application to the SPOC, RD will submit your

 application to the SPOC or other appropriate agency or agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     Funding limitations and reservations found in the program

 regulation at 7 CFR 4284.927 will apply, including:

     (a) Use of Funds. Grant funds may be used to pay up to 50 percent

 of the total eligible project costs, subject to the limitations

 established for maximum total grant amount. Grant funds may not be used

 to pay any costs of the project incurred prior to the date of grant

 approval. Grant and matching funds may only be used for eligible

 purposes. (see examples of eligible and ineligible uses in 7 CFR

 4284.923 and 4284.924, respectively).

     (b) Grant Term (project period). Your project timeframe or grant

 period can be a maximum of 36 months in length from the date of award.

 Your proposed grant period should begin no earlier than the anticipated

 award announcement date in this notice and should end no later than 36

 months following that date. If you receive an award, your grant period

 will be revised to begin on the actual date of award--the date the

 grant agreement is executed by the Agency--and your grant period end

 date will be adjusted accordingly. Your project activities must begin

 within 90 days of that date of award. The length of your grant period

 should be based on your project's complexity, as indicated in your

 application work plan. For example, it is expected that most planning

 grants can be completed within 12 months.

     (c) Program Income. If income (Program Income) is earned during the

 grant period as a result of the project activities, it is subject to

 the requirements in 2 CFR 200.80, and must be managed and reported

 accordingly.

     (d) Majority Controlled Producer-Based Business. The aggregate

 amount of awards to Majority Controlled Producer-Based Businesses in

 response to this announcement shall not exceed 10 percent of the total

 funds obligated for the program during the fiscal year.

     (e) Reserved Funds. Ten percent of all funds available for FY 2016

 will be reserved to fund projects that benefit Beginning Farmers or

 Ranchers, or Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers. In addition,

 10 percent of total funding available will be used to fund projects

 that propose development of Mid-Tier Value Chains as part of a Local or

 Regional Supply Chain Network. See related definitions in 7 CFR

 4284.902.

     (f) Disposition of Reserved Funds Not Obligated. For this

 announcement, any reserved FY 2015 funds that have not been obligated

 by June 30, 2016, will be available to the Secretary to make VAPG

 grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4284.927(d).

 7. Other Submission Requirements

 (a) National Environmental Policy Act

     This notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,



 [[Page 20611]]



 subpart G, ``Environmental Program,'' or successor regulation. We have

 determined that an Environmental Impact Statement is not required

 because the issuance of regulations and instructions, as well as

 amendments to them, describing administrative and financial procedures

 for processing, approving, and implementing the Agency's financial

 programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's National

 Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR

 1940.310(e)(3) of subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' We have

 determined that this Notice does not constitute a major Federal action

 significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.

 Individual awards under this Notice are hereby classified as

 Categorical Exclusions according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), which do not

 require any additional documentation.

 (b) Civil Rights Compliance Requirements

     All grants made under this Notice are subject to title VI of the

 Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,

 subpart A) and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.



 E. Application Review Information



     Applications will be reviewed and processed as described at 7 CFR

 4284.940. The Agency will review your application to determine if it is

 complete and eligible. If at any time, the Agency determines that your

 application is ineligible, you will be notified in writing as to the

 reasons it was determined ineligible and you will be informed of your

 review and appeal rights. Funding of successfully appealed applications

 will be limited to available FY 2016 funds.

     The Agency will only score applications in which the applicant and

 project are eligible, which are complete and sufficiently responsive to

 program requirements, and in which the Agency agrees on the likelihood

 of financial feasibility for working capital requests. We will score

 your application according to the procedures and criteria specified in

 7 CFR 4284.942, and with tiered scoring thresholds as specified below.

 1. Scoring Criteria

     For each criterion, you must show how the project has merit and why

 it is likely to be successful. If you do not address all parts of the

 criterion, or do not sufficiently communicate relevant project

 information, you will receive lower scores. VAPG is a competitive

 program, so you will receive scores based on the quality of your

 responses. Simply addressing the criteria will not guarantee higher

 scores. The maximum number of points that can be awarded to your

 application is 100. For this announcement, the minimum score

 requirement for funding is 50 points.

     The Agency application toolkit provides additional instruction to

 help you to respond to the criteria below.

     (a) Nature of the Proposed Venture (graduated score 0-30 points).

     For both planning and working capital grants, you should discuss

 the technological feasibility of the project, as well as operational

 efficiency, profitability, and overall economic sustainability

 resulting from the project. In addition, demonstrate the potential for

 expanding the customer base for the agricultural commodity or value-

 added product, and the expected increase in revenue returns to the

 producer-owners providing the majority of the raw agricultural

 commodity to the project. You should reference third-party data and

 other information that specifically supports your value-added project;

 discuss the value-added process you are proposing; potential markets

 and distribution channels; the value to be added to the raw commodity

 through the value-added process; cost and availability of inputs, your

 experience in marketing the proposed or similar product; business

 financial statements; and any other relevant information that supports

 the viability of your project. Working capital applicants should

 demonstrate that these outcomes will result from the project. Planning

 grant applicants should describe the expected results, and the reasons

 supporting those expectations.

     Points will be awarded as follows:

     (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address

 the criterion.

     (ii) 1-5 points will be awarded if you do not address each of the

 following: technological feasibility, operational efficiency,

 profitability, and overall economic sustainability.

     (iii) 6-13 points will be awarded if you address technological

 feasibility, operational efficiency, profitability, and overall

 economic sustainability, but do not reference third-party information

 that supports the success of your project.

     (iv) 14-22 points will be awarded if you address technological

 feasibility, operational efficiency, profitability, and overall

 economic sustainability, supported by third-party information

 demonstrating a reasonable likelihood of success.

     (v) 23-30 points will be awarded if all criterion components are

 well addressed, supported by third-party information, and demonstrate a

 high likelihood of success.

     (b) Qualifications of Project Personnel (graduated score 0-20

 points).

     You must identify all individuals who will be responsible for

 completing the proposed tasks in the work plan, including the roles and

 activities that owners, staff, contractors, consultants or new hires

 may perform; and show that these individuals have the necessary

 qualifications and expertise, including those hired to do market or

 feasibility analyses, or to develop a business operations plan for the

 value-added venture. You must include the qualifications of those

 individuals responsible for leading or managing the total project

 (applicant owners or project managers), as well as those individuals

 responsible for actually conducting the various individual tasks in the

 work plan (such as consultants, contractors, staff or new hires). You

 must discuss the commitment and the availability of any consultants or

 other professionals to be hired for the project. If staff or

 consultants have not been selected at the time of application, you must

 provide specific descriptions of the qualifications required for the

 positions to be filled. Applications that demonstrate the strong

 credentials, education, capabilities, experience and availability of

 project personnel that will contribute to a high likelihood of project

 success will receive more points than those that demonstrate less

 potential for success in these areas.

     Points will be awarded as follows:

     (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address

 the criterion.

     (ii) 1-4 points will be awarded if qualifications and experience of

 all staff is not addressed and/or if necessary qualifications of

 unfilled positions are not provided.

     (iii) 5-9 points will be awarded if all project personnel are

 identified but do not demonstrate qualifications or experience relevant

 to the project.

     (iv) 10-14 will be awarded if most key personnel demonstrate strong

 credentials and/or experience, and availability indicating a reasonable

 likelihood of success.

     (v) 15-20 points will be awarded if all personnel demonstrate

 strong, relevant credentials or experience, and availability indicating

 a high likelihood of project success.

     (c) Commitments and Support (graduated score 0-10 points).

     Producer commitments to the project will be evaluated based on the

 number of independent producers currently involved in the project; and

 the nature, level and quality of their contributions, including

 matching contributions. End-



 [[Page 20612]]



 user commitments will be evaluated on the basis of potential or

 identified markets and the potential amount of output to be purchased,

 as indicated by letters of intent or contracts from potential buyers

 referenced within the application. Other third-party commitments to the

 project will be evaluated based on the critical and tangible nature of

 their contribution to the project, such as technical assistance,

 storage, processing, marketing, or distribution arrangements that are

 necessary for the project to proceed; and the level and quality of

 these contributions. All cash or in-kind contributions from producers,

 end users, or other contributors should be discussed. End-user

 commitments may include contracts or letters of intent or interest in

 purchasing the value-added product. Letters of commitment by producers,

 end-users, and third-parties should be summarized as part of your

 response to this criterion, and the letters should be included in

 Appendix B. Applications that demonstrate the project has strong direct

 financial support in the form of cash matching contributions and strong

 technical and logistical support to successfully complete the project

 will receive more points than those that demonstrate less potential for

 success in these areas.

     Points will be awarded as follows:

     (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address

 the criterion.

     (ii) 1-3 points will be awarded if you are the only producer

 participating in the project, AND show real, direct support from at

 least one end-user or third-party contributor.

     (iii) 4-6 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, are the

 only producer participating in the project, AND show strong financial

 commitment in the form of cash matching contributions to the project

 AND measurable commitment or interest in purchasing the value-added

 product from at least one end-user; AND commitment or tangible support

 from at least one other third-party contributor; OR you, as the

 applicant, demonstrate participation from multiple producers, AND

 measurable commitment or interest in purchasing the value-added product

 from at least one end-user; AND commitment or tangible support from at

 least one third party contributor.

     (iv) 7-10 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, show

 strong financial commitment to the project in the form of cash matching

 contributions, AND participation from additional producers, AND

 measurable commitment or interest from multiple end-users, AND

 commitment or tangible support from multiple third-party contributors.

     (d) Work Plan and Budget (graduated score 0-20 points).

     You must submit a comprehensive work plan and budget (for full

 details, see 7 CFR 4284.922(b)(5)). Your work plan must provide

 specific and detailed descriptions of the tasks and the key project

 personnel that will accomplish the project's goals. The budget must

 present a detailed breakdown of all estimated costs of project

 activities and allocate those costs among the listed tasks. You must

 show the source and use of both grant and matching funds for all tasks.

 Matching funds must be spent at a rate equal to, or in advance of,

 grant funds. An eligible start and end date for the project and for

 individual project tasks must be clearly shown and may not exceed

 Agency specified timeframes for the grant period. Working capital

 applications must include an estimate of program income expected to be

 earned during the grant period (see 2 CFR 200.307).

     Points will be awarded as follows:

     (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address

 the criterion.

     (ii) 1-7 points will be awarded if the work plan and budget do not

 account for all project goals, tasks, costs, timelines, and responsible

 personnel.

     (iii) 8-14 points will be awarded if you provide a clear,

 comprehensive work plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines,

 costs, and responsible personnel in a logical and realistic manner that

 demonstrates a reasonable likelihood of success.

     (iv) 15-20 points will be awarded if you provide a clear,

 comprehensive work plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines,

 costs, and responsible personnel in a logical and realistic manner that

 demonstrates a high likelihood of success.

     (e) Priority Points up to 10 points (lump sum 0 or 5 points plus,

 graduated score 0-5 points).

     It is recommended that you use the Agency application package when

 applying for priority points and refer to the requirements specified in

 7 CFR 4284.924. Priority points may be awarded in both the general

 funds and Reserved Funds competitions.

     (i) 5 points will be awarded if you meets the requirements for one

 of the following categories and provide the documentation described in

 7 CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 as applicable: Beginning Farmer or Rancher,

 Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher, Veteran Farmer or Rancher, or

 Operator of a Small or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch that is structured as

 a Family Farm, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or are proposing a Mid-

 Tier Value Chain project.

     (ii) Up to 5 priority points will be awarded if you are an

 Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or

 Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture (referred to below

 as ``applicant group'') whose project ``best contributes to creating or

 increasing marketing opportunities'' for Operators of Small- and

 Medium-sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as Family Farms,

 Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and

 Ranchers, and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers (referred to below as

 ``priority groups''). For each of the priority point levels below,

 applications must demonstrate how the proposed project will contribute

 to new or increased marketing opportunities for respective priority

 groups. Guidance on relevant information required to adequately

 demonstrate this requirement can be found in program application

 package.

     (A) 2 priority points will be awarded if the existing membership of

 the applicant group is comprised of either more than 50 percent of any

 one of the four priority groups or more than 50 percent of any

 combination of the four priority groups.

     (B) 1 priority point will be awarded if the existing membership of

 the applicant group is comprised of two or more of the priority groups.

 One point is awarded regardless of whether a group's membership is

 comprised of two, three, or all four of the priority groups.

     (C) 2 priority points will be awarded if the applicant's proposed

 project will increase the number of priority groups that comprise

 applicant membership by one or more priority groups. However, if an

 applicant group's membership is already comprised of all four priority

 groups, such an applicant would not be eligible for points under this

 criterion because there is no opportunity to increase the number of

 priority groups. Note also that this criterion does not consider either

 the percentage of the existing membership that is comprised of the four

 priority groups or the number of priority groups currently comprising

 the applicant group's membership.

     (f) Priority Categories (graduated score 0-10 points).

     The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10 points

 to an application to improve the geographic diversity of awardees in a

 fiscal year.

 2. Review and Selection Process

     The Agency will select applications for award under this Notice in

 accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4284.950(a).



 [[Page 20613]]



     If your application is eligible and complete, it will be

 qualitatively scored by at least two reviewers based on criteria

 specified in section E.1. of this Notice. One of these reviewers will

 be an experienced RD employee from your servicing State Office and at

 least one additional reviewer will be a non-Federal, independent

 reviewer, who must meet the following qualifications. Independent

 reviewers must have at least bachelor's degree in one or more of the

 following fields: Agri-business, agricultural economics, agriculture,

 animal science, business, marketing, economics or finance; and a

 minimum of 8 years of experience in an agriculture-related field (e.g.

 farming, marketing, consulting, or research; or as university faculty,

 trade association official or non-Federal government official in an

 agriculturally-related field). Each reviewer will score evaluation

 criteria (a) through (d) and the totals for each reviewer will be added

 together and averaged. The RD State Office reviewer will also assign

 priority points based on criterion (e) in section E.1. of this Notice.

 These will be added to the average score. The sum of these scores will

 be ranked highest to lowest and this will comprise the initial ranking.

     The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10

 Administrator priority points based on criterion (f) in section E.1. of

 this Notice. These points will be added to the cumulative score for a

 total possible score of 100.

     A final ranking will be obtained based solely on the scores

 received for criteria (a) through (e). A minimum score of 50 points is

 required for funding. Applications for Reserved Funds will be funded in

 rank order until funds are depleted. Unfunded reserve applications will

 be returned to the general funds where applications will be funded in

 rank order until the funds are expended. Funding for Majority

 Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures is limited to 10 percent of

 total grant funds expected to be obligated as a result of this Notice.

 These applications will be funded in rank order until the funding

 limitation has been reached. Grants to these applicants from Reserved

 Funds will count against this funding limitation. In the event of tied

 scores, the Administrator shall have discretion in breaking ties.

     If your application is ranked, but not funded, it will not be

 carried forward into the next competition.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice

 of Federal award by postal mail, containing instructions on

 requirements necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the

 award.

     If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in

 writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.

 Funding of successfully appealed applications will be limited to

 available FY 2016 funding.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this

 program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart J; the Grants and

 Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2

 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48

 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.

     In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are

 required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and

 executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to

 have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub.L.

 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are

 exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements

 can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants.

     The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected

 for this program:

     (a) Agency approved Grant Agreement.

     (b) Letter of Conditions.

     (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''

     (d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''

     (e) Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,

 and Other Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions.''

     (f) Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,

 Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered

 Transactions.''

     (g) Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace

 Requirement (Grants).''

     (h) Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax

 Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by

 corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

     (i) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''

     (j) SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if applicable.

     (k) Use Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.''

 3. Reporting

     After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be

 required to provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:

     (a) A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project

 performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 45

 working days after end of the semiannual period). For the purposes of

 this grant, semiannual periods end on March 31st and September 30th.

 The project performance reports shall include the elements prescribed

 in the grant agreement.

     (b) A final project and financial status report within 90 days

 after the expiration or termination of the grant.

     (c) Provide outcome project performance reports and final

 deliverables.



 G. Agency Contacts



     If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the State

 Office as identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. You are

 also encouraged to visit the application Web site for application

 tools, including an application guide and templates. The Web site

 address is: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants. You may also contact National Office staff: Tracey

 Kennedy, VAPG Program Lead, tracey.kennedy@wdc.usda.gov, or Shantelle

 Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-

 690-1374.



 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

 or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance

 program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any

 program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all

 prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment

 activities.)

     If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your

 agency's EEO Counselor (PDF) within 45 days of the date of the alleged



 [[Page 20614]]



 discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.

 Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: April 4, 2016.

 Samuel Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08028 Filed 4-7-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

USDA WORKSHOPS LEND A HAND TO RURAL ENERGY PROJECTS

BYLINE: MARISSA BRUNO

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 748 words


By Marissa Bruno

For The Taos News

In an effort to conserve energy by going "green," many rural business owners,
farmers and producers are struggling financially to transform their facilities
and products to be more environmentally sound.

On Thursday (May 14), the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's
business program will hold a free workshop in Taos on how to obtain grants and
loans for renewable energy projects, energy-efficiency improvements and value
-added agriculture projects.

Ernie Watson, USDA public information coordinator, said the workshops are a
means to educate the public about the different funding that the Rural
Development department provides. The workshops will be presented statewide, but
Taos was chosen because there have been a significant number of calls and
questions regarding energy efficiency.

"The mission of the workshops is to provide the best possible lifestyle for
people living in rural development communities," Watson said. "We decided we
should have these workshops and let them know what we can provide and what we
can't provide."

Although the workshops are geared toward rural small business owners and
agricultural providers, anyone who is interested may attend.

The Taos workshops will be held in Coronado Hall in the Taos Convention Center,
Civic Plaza Drive, from 1:30-3:30 p.m.

The session by the Business and Cooperative Program will present information on
the two core value programs: Rural Energy for America Program, also known as
REAP, and the Value Added Producer Grant Program. The session will also address
the requirements to receive a loan or grant, the procedure to apply as well as
application deadlines.

"These programs are a vital tool to help support rural businesses, create new
markets for agricultural products and assist our country in becoming more energy
independent," said Eric Vigil, USDA Rural Development acting state director.

REAP, the newer of the two programs, is eligible to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses that are seeking funding to make more efficient energy
improvements to facilities such as replacing equipment or updating lighting and
insulation.

The Value-Added Producer Grant Program has been around for several years and
provides funds for a commodity that wants to do an assessment study to see if a
project would be feasible in the community. It helps agricultural producers
develop business plans and marketing strategies for creating opportunities to
produce value-added products.

Eligible applicants must be independent producers, farmer or rancher
cooperatives, an agricultural producer group or majority-controlled producer
-based business venture.

The question remains whether the workshops will be successful in achieving that
goal.

French Espinoza, director of public works for the town of Taos, said residents
have been active in reducing energy consumption but notices that there has been
a monetary concern.

"There is an enormous amount of activity where people in the community are
practicing green methods," Espinoza said. "There's an issue of follow-through
and the question of funding. Unfortunately, because of the financial crisis
there's an interest there but a lack of funding."

Town of Taos Community and Economic Development Director Matt Spriggs also said
that proactive measures are being implemented to reduce energy costs, especially
in building construction.

The High Performance Building Ordinance, which was passed in February, requires
residential construction to follow the Home Energy Rating System (HERS) --
meaning any home built in Taos has to be 20 percent more energy efficient than
the normal standard and commercial construction must meet the LEED (Leadership
in Energy and Environmental Design) standard.

Spriggs said he hopes that providing workshops to inform people of available
grants and loans will continue to cut energy costs as long as there is a
realistic payoff. "They have to show to them that there is going to be a market
difference," he said. "There is a general belief in the city that this is
possible."

Watson didn't have a specific amount of how much funding is available but stated
that it is somewhere in the millions. He said there would be enough funding for
those who successfully apply and believes that this is a step in the right
direction.

"Even if we talk to one person, it will be worth it," Watson said. "It will be
great to get out there and talk to folks. We believe that we have a lot of
interest in the Taos area."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 25, 2015

Local growers invited to grant and assistance meeting

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 272  words


The Clinch County Development Authority and Clinch County Extension Agency
welcome all Clinch County growers to attend a Clinch County Grower Workshop to
learn about grant and assistance program. The workshop is Thursday, March 5 from
6-7:30 p.m. at the Historic Station No. 11 Depot in Homerville.

The following representatives from the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will discuss assistance programs:

Al Burns, Rural Development

Value-Added Producer Grant- helps agricultural producers enter into value-added
activities related to the processing and/or marketing of bio-based, value-added
products. Generating new products, creating and expanding marketing
opportunities, and increasing producer income are the goals of this program

Rural Energy for America Program- provides grants and loan guarantees to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to help purchase renewable
energy systems, make energy efficiency improvements and perform renewable energy
feasibility studies

Terrie Wolford, Farm Service Agency

Farm Service Agency assistance programs

Stan Moore, Soil Conservation

National Resources Conservation Service technical services available

Environmental Quality Incentives Program

Woodrow Clemons, Farm Loan Officer

Direct loans, guaranteed loans, micro loans and youth loans

All Clinch County blueberry growers, produce farmers, beekeepers and any other
agriculture-related entities are welcome to attend. There is no charge for the
event, and dinner will be served.

Contact ReKasa Hart to RSVP by March 3 at 912-487-6572 or rhart@grow-clinch.com

Visit www.GrowClinch.com/GrowerWorkshop for more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Clinch County News


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 14, 2009 Thursday

USDA makes grants available for value-added products

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 376 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development Acting State Director Eric Vigil announced
Rural Development's business program has made available approximately $18
million nation wide in competitive grant funds to help independent agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities.

In making the announcement Vigil said, "This grant program is designed to help
independent farmers and ranchers develop strategies to create marketing
opportunities and provide working capital for value-added activities. A grant
could assist a farmer or rancher in creating a feasibility study for developing
renewable energy on their farm or ranch; or, a grant could cover working capital
expenses for a chile farmer to turn chile into salsa."

USDA Rural Development is encouraging projects that highlight innovative uses of
agricultural products. This may include using existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways and/or merging agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. As with all value-added efforts, generating new products,
creating expanded marketing opportunities and increasing producer income are the
end goal. Applications proposing to develop innovative, sustainable products,
businesses, or marketing opportunities that accelerate creation of new economic
opportunities and commercialization in the agri-food, agri-science, or
agriculture products integrated or merged with other sciences or technologies
are invited.

Each applicant can apply for only one grant each year-either for planning or
working capital. The maximum amount for a planning grant is $100,000 and the
maximum amount or a working capital grant is $300,000. Ten percent of available
funds are reserved to fund applications submitted by beginning farmers or
ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers.

Applications for the Value Added Producer Grant must be submitted no later than
July 6, 2009, to be eligible for FY 2009 grant funding or June 22 if applying
for reserved funds. The applications will be accepted by the Rural Development
State office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Albuquerque, NM 87109.

For more information on the VAPG contact the USDA Rural Development business
program in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Inviting Applications for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants

LENGTH: 1992 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, US Government has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business--Cooperative Service announces the availability of $2,855,222
in competitive grant funds for the FY 2013 Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer
Grants (SSDPG) program as authorized by H.R. 933. We are requesting proposals
from applicants that will provide technical assistance to small,
socially-disadvantaged agricultural producers in rural areas. Eligible
applicants include Cooperatives, Groups of Cooperatives, and Cooperative
Development Centers. The maximum award per grant is $200,000. The grant period
is limited to a one-year timeframe.

DATES: Back to Top

Completed applications for grants must be submitted on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than July 15, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. You may also hand
carry your application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the July 15, 2013, deadline date. Late applications will
not be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.

Electronic copies must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight eastern time July 10, 2013, to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.
Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline.

If you do not meet the deadline for submitting an electronic application, you
may hand carry or submit a paper application by the July 15, 2013, deadline as
discussed above. Late applications will not be eligible for FY 2013 grant
funding.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office (State Office)
located in the State where you are headquartered if you have questions. You are
encouraged to contact your State Office well in advance of the application
deadline to discuss your project and ask any questions about the application
process. Program guidance as well as application templates may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html. If you want to submit an electronic
application, follow the instructions for the SSDPG funding announcement located
at http://www.grants.gov. If you want to submit a paper application, send it to
the State Office located in the State where you are headquartered. If you are
headquartered in Washington, DC, please contact the Office of the Deputy
Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business--Cooperative Service, at
(202) 720-7558 for guidance on where to submit your application.

Application materials for the SSDPG program may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_SSDPG.html or by contacting your USDA Rural
Development State Office. Contact information for State Offices can be found at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Office of the Deputy Administrator, Cooperative Programs, Rural
Business--Cooperative Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop-3250, Room 4016-South, Washington, DC
20250-3250, (202) 720-7558.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business Cooperative Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Announcement Type: Initial funding request.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.771.

Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your complete application by July
15, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant funding. Electronic
applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight
Eastern Time July 10, 2013, or it will not be considered for FY 2013 grant
funding.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

The SSDPG Program is authorized by 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932). The primary objective of the SSDPG program is
to provide Technical Assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural
Producers. Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The maximum award amount
per grant is $200,000. Grants are available for Cooperative Development Centers,
individual Cooperatives, or Groups of Cooperatives that serve
socially-disadvantaged groups and where a majority of the boards or directors or
governing board is comprised of members of socially-disadvantaged groups.
Definitions

Agency--Rural Business--Cooperative Service, an agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development or a successor agency.

Agricultural Commodity--An unprocessed product of farms, ranches, nurseries, and
forests. Agricultural commodities include: livestock, poultry, and fish; fruits
and vegetables; grains, such as wheat, barley, oats, rye, triticale, rice, corn,
and sorghum; legumes, such as field beans and peas; animal feed and forage
crops; seed crops; fiber crops, such as cotton; oil crops, such as safflower,
sunflower, corn, and cottonseed; trees grown for lumber and wood products;
nursery stock grown commercially; Christmas trees; ornamentals and cut flowers;
and turf grown commercially for sod. Agricultural commodities do not include
horses or animals raised as pets, such as cats, dogs, and ferrets.

Conflict of Interest--A situation in which the ability of a person or entity to
act impartially would be questionable due to competing professional or personal
interests. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the grantee's
employees, board of directors, including their immediate family, have a legal or
personal financial interest in the recipients receiving the benefits or services
of the grant. Another example of conflict of interest includes paying Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers to provide Technical Assistance to other Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producers.

Cooperative--A farmer- or rancher-owned and-controlled business, organized and
chartered as a cooperative, from which benefits are derived and distributed
equitably on the basis of use by each of the farmer or rancher owners whose
primary focus is to provide assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged
Agricultural Producers and where a majority of the board of directors or
governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups.

Cooperative Development Center--A nonprofit corporation or accredited
institution of higher education that is currently being operated by the grantee
for rural cooperative development and where a majority of the board of directors
or governing board is comprised of individuals who are members of
socially-disadvantaged groups. It may or may not be an independent legal entity
separate from the grantee. The Center's main objective is to assist Cooperatives
with their startup, expansion or operational improvement in order to promote
development in rural areas of services and products, processes that can be used
in the marketing of products, or enterprises that create Value-Added to farm
products through processing or marketing activities. Cooperative development
activities may include, but are not limited to, Technical Assistance, research
services, educational services and advisory services. Operational improvement
includes making the Cooperative more efficient or better managed.

Cooperative Services--The office within Rural Business-Cooperative Service, and
any successor organization, that administers programs authorized by the
Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926 (7 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) and such other programs
identified in USDA regulations.

Economic Development--The economic growth of an area as evidenced by increase in
total income, employment opportunities, decreased out-migration of population,
value of production, increased diversification of industry, higher labor force
participation rates, increased duration of employment, higher wage levels, or
gains in other measurements of economic activity, such as land values.

Feasibility Study--An analysis of the economic, market, technical, financial,
and management feasibility of a proposed Project.

Group of Cooperatives--A group of Cooperatives whose primary focus is to provide
assistance to Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Agricultural Producers and where a
majority of the board of directors or governing board is comprised of
individuals who are members of socially-disadvantaged groups.

Operating Cost--The day-to-day expenses of running a business; for example:
utilities, rent, salaries, depreciation, product production costs, marketing and
advertising, and other basic overhead items.

Project--Includes all activities to be funded by the Small
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grant.

Rural and Rural Area--Any area of a State:

(1) Not in a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants,
according to the latest decennial census of the United States; and

(2) The contiguous and adjacent urbanized area,

(3) Urbanized areas that are rural in character as defined by 7 U.S.C.
1991(a)(13), as amended by Section 6018 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Public Law 110-246 (June 18, 2008).

(4) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self-government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this paragraph, within the areas of the County of Honolulu, Hawaii,
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Secretary may designate any part of the
areas as a rural area if the Secretary determines that the part is not urban in
character, other than any area included in the Honolulu census designated place
(CDP) or the San Juan CDP.

Rural Development--A mission area within USDA consisting of the Office of Under
Secretary for Rural Development, Rural Business-Cooperative Services, Rural
Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service and any successors.

Small, Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Socially-Disadvantaged persons including
farmers, ranchers, loggers, agricultural harvesters, and fishermen, that have
averaged $250,000 or less in annual gross sales of agricultural products in the
last 3 years.

Socially-Disadvantaged Producer--Individual agricultural producer who is a
member of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender
prejudice, without regard for their individual qualities.

State--Includes each of the 50 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands of the United States, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands, and, as may be determined by the Secretary to be
feasible, appropriate and lawful, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau.

Technical Assistance--An advisory service performed for the benefit of a Small,
Socially-Disadvantaged Producer such as market research; product and/or service
improvement; legal advice and assistance; Feasibility Study, business plan, and
marketing plan development; and training. Technical Assistance does not include
the Operating Costs of a cooperative being assisted.

Value-Added--The incremental value that is realized by the producer from an
agricultural commodity or product as the result of a change in its physical
state, differentiated production or marketing, as demonstrated in a business
plan, or product segregation. Incremental value may be realized by the producer
as a result of either an increase in value to buyers or the expansion of the
overall market for the product. Examples include milling wheat into flour,
slaughtering livestock or poultry, making strawberries into jam, and marketing
of organic products.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Type of Award: Grant.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2013.

Total Funding:$2,855,222.

Maximum Award:$200,000.

Project Period: 1 year.

Anticipated Award

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Value-Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 8037  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

 Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2016 applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program. Approximately $44 million is available to help agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities for FY 2016, including approximately
$30.25 million available through the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill),
$10.75 million through the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 and $3 million
in carryover funding.



 Dates



 You must submit your application by July 1, 2016 or it will not be considered
for funding. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped or sent
overnight by this date. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Electronic applications are permitted via http://www.grants.gov only, and
must be received before midnight Eastern Time, June 24, 2016. Late applications
are not eligible for grant funding under this Notice.

 Addresses



 You should contact your USDA Rural Development State Office if you have
questions about eligibility or submission requirements. You are encouraged to
contact your State Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss
your project and to ask any questions about the application process. Application
materials are available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants.



 If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the instructions for
the VAPG funding announcement on http://www.grants.gov. Please review the
Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/web/applicants/organization-registration.html for instructions on the
process of registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are
able to meet the electronic application deadline. If you want to submit a paper
application, send it to the State Office located in the State where your project
will primarily take place. You can find State Office Contact information at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.

 For Further Information Contact



 Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253,
Room 4008-South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Value-Added Producer Grant.



 Announcement Type: Initial funding request.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.352.



 Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your complete paper application by
July 1, 2016 or it will not be considered for funding. Electronic applications
must be received by http://www.grants.gov no later than midnight Eastern Time,
June 24, 2016 or it will not be considered for funding.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated
with this Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0039.

 A. Program Description



 The VAPG program is authorized under section 231 of the Agriculture Risk
Protection Act of 2000 (Pub. L. 106-224), as amended by section 6203 of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) (see 7 U.S.C. 1632a). Applicants must
adhere to the requirements contained in the program regulation, 7 CFR 4284,
subpart J, which is incorporated by reference in this Notice.



 The objective of this grant program is to assist viable Independent Producers,
Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer and Rancher Cooperatives, and
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Businesses in starting or expanding value
-added activities related to the processing and/or marketing of Value-Added
Agricultural Products. Grants will be awarded competitively for either planning
or working capital projects directly related to the processing and/or marketing
of value-added products. Generating new products, creating and expanding
marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the end goals of the
program. All proposals must demonstrate economic viability and sustainability in
order to compete for funding.



 Funding priority will be made available to Beginning Farmers and Ranchers,
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers,
Operators of Small and Medium-Sized Farms and Ranches structured as Family Farms
or Ranches, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and projects proposing to develop a
Mid-Tier Value Chain. See 7 CFR 4284.923 for Reserved Funds eligibility and 7
CFR 4284.924 for Priority Scoring eligibility.

 Definitions



 The terms you need to understand are defined in 7 CFR 4284.902.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Instrument: Grant.



 Fiscal Year 2016 Funds: $10.75 million.



 Approximate Number of Awards: Approximately 300.



 Available Total Funding: Approximately $44 million.



 Maximum Award Amount: Planning--$75,000; Working Capital--$250,000.



 Project Period: Up to 36 months depending on the complexity of the project.



 Anticipated Award Date: September 30, 2016.



 Reservation of Funds: Ten percent of available funds for applications will be
reserved for applications submitted by Beginning and Socially-Disadvantaged
Farmers or Ranchers, and an additional ten percent of available funds for
applications from farmers or ranchers proposing development of Mid-Tier Value
Chains. Reserved funds not obligated prior to June 30, 2016, will be used for
the VAPG general competition. If this is the case, Beginning and
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers and applicants proposing Mid-Tier
Value Chains will compete with other eligible VAPG applications.

 C. Eligibility Information



 Applicants must comply with the program regulation 7 CFR part 4284 subpart J in
order to meet all of the following eligibility requirements. Applications which
fail to meet any of these requirements by the application deadline will be
deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated further.

 1. Eligible Applicants



 You must demonstrate that you meet all the applicant eligibility requirements
of 7 CFR 4284.920 and 4284.921. This includes meeting the definition
requirements at 7 CFR 4284.902 for one of the following applicant types:
Independent Producer, Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative
or Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business and also meeting the Emerging
Market, Citizenship, Legal Authority and Responsibility, Multiple Grants and
Active Grants requirements of the section. Required documentation to support
eligibility is contained at 7 CFR 4284.931.



 Federally-recognized Tribes and tribal entities must demonstrate that they meet
the definition requirements for one of the four eligible applicant types. Rural
Development State Offices and posted application toolkits will provide
additional information on Tribal eligibility.



 Per 7 CFR 4284.921, an applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred or
suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in Federal
assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, "Debarment and Suspension." In
addition, an applicant will be considered ineligible for a grant due to an
outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other than U.S.
Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes, or is
delinquent on Federal debt.



 An Applicant may submit only one application in response to a solicitation, and
must explicitly direct that it compete in either the general funds competition
or in one of the named reserved funds competitions. Multiple applications from
separate entities with identical or greater than 75 percent common ownership, or
from a parent, subsidiary or affiliated organization (with "affiliation" defined
by Small Business Administration regulation 13 CFR 121.103, or successor
regulation) are not permitted. Further, Applicants who have already received a
Planning Grant for the proposed project cannot receive another Planning Grant
for the same project. Applicants who have already received a Working Capital
Grant for the proposed project cannot receive any additional grants for that
project (Proposals from previous award recipients should be substantially
different in terms of products and/or markets and should not merely be
extensions of previously funded projects).

 2. Cost-Sharing or Matching



 There is a matching funds requirement of at least $1 for every $1 in grant
funds provided by the Agency (matching funds plus grant funds must equal
proposed Total Project Costs). Matching funds may be in the form of cash or
eligible in-kind contributions and may be used only for eligible project
purposes. Tribal applicants may utilize grants made available under Public Law
93-638, the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975, as
their matching contribution, and should check with appropriate tribal
authorities regarding the availability of such funding.



 Matching funds must be available at time of application and must be certified
and verified as described in 7 CFR 4284.931(b)(3) and (4). Note that matching
funds must also be discussed as part of the scoring criterion Commitments and
Support as described in section E.1. (c).

 3. Project Eligibility



 You must demonstrate that you meet all the project eligibility requirements of
7 CFR 4284.922.



 (a) Product eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working capital
grants must meet all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(a), including that your
value-added product must result from one of the five methodologies identified in
the definition of Value-Added Agricultural Product at 7 CFR 4284.902. In
addition, you must demonstrate that, as a result of the project, the customer
base for the agricultural commodity or value-added product will be expanded, by
including a baseline of current customers for the commodity, and an estimated
target number of customers that will result from the project; and that, a
greater portion of the revenue derived from the marketing or processing of the
value-added product is available to the applicant producer(s) of the
agricultural commodity, by including a baseline of current revenues from the
sale of the agricultural commodity and an estimate of increased revenues that
will result from the project.



 (b) Purpose eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working capital
grants must meet all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(b) regarding maximum grant
amounts, verification of matching funds, eligible and ineligible uses of grant
and matching funds, a substantive work plan and budget.



 (i) Planning Grants. A planning grant is used to fund development of a defined
program of economic planning activities to determine the viability of a
potential value-added venture, and specifically for the purpose of paying for a
qualified consultant to conduct and develop a feasibility study, business plan,
and/or marketing plan associated with the processing and/or marketing of a value
-added agricultural product. Planning grant funds may not be used to fund
working capital activities.



 (ii) Working Capital Grants. This type of grant provides funds to operate a
value-added project, specifically to pay the eligible project expenses related
to the processing and/or marketing of the value-added product that are eligible
uses of grant funds. Working capital funds may not be used for planning
purposes.



 (c) Reserved Funds Eligibility. To qualify for Reserved Funds as a Beginning or
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher or if you propose to develop a Mid-Tier
Value Chain, you must meet the requirements found at 7 CFR 4284.923. If your
application is eligible, but is not awarded under the Reserved Funds, it will
automatically be considered for general funds in that same fiscal year, as
funding levels permit.



 (d) Priority Points. To qualify for Priority Points for projects that
contribute to increasing opportunities for Beginning Farmers or Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, or if you are an Operator of a
Small- or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch structured as a Family Farm, a Veteran
Farmer or Rancher, propose a Mid-Tier Value Chain project, or are a Farmer or
Rancher Cooperative, you must meet the applicable eligibility requirements at 7
CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 and must address the relevant proposal evaluation
criterion.



 Priority points will also be awarded during the scoring process to eligible
Agricultural Producer Groups, Farmer or Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled
Producer-Based Business Ventures that best contribute to creating or increasing
marketing opportunities for Beginning Farmers or Ranchers,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, and/or Veteran Farmers or Ranchers.
You must meet the eligibility requirements at 7 CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 and
must address the relevant proposal evaluation criterion.

 4. Eligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds



 Eligible uses of grant and matching funds are discussed, along with examples,
in 7 CFR 4284.923. In general, grant and cost-share matching funds have the same
use restrictions and must be used to fund only the costs for eligible purposes
as defined at 7 CFR 4284.923 (a) and (b).

 5. Ineligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds



 Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real or
apparent Conflict of Interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or their
Immediate Family members having a personal, professional, financial or other
interest in the outcome of the project; including organizational conflicts, and
conflicts that restrict open and free competition for unrestrained trade. A list
(not all inclusive) of ineligible uses of grant and matching funds is found in 7
CFR 4284.926.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Applications



 The application toolkit, regulation, and official program notification for this
funding opportunity can be obtained online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. You may
also contact your USDA Rural Development State Office by visiting
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You may also obtain a copy by
calling 202-690-1374. The toolkit contains an application checklist, templates,
required grant forms, and instructions. Although the Agency highly recommends
their use, use of the templates in the toolkit is not mandatory.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 You may submit your application in paper form or electronically through Grants.
gov. Your application must contain all required information.



 To submit an application electronically, you must follow the instructions for
this funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. Please note that we cannot
accept emailed or faxed applications.



 You can locate the Grants.gov downloadable application package for this program
by using a keyword, the program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number for this program.



 When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation.



 To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you must also be
registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend that you do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through Grants.gov.



 You must submit all of your application documents electronically through
Grants.gov.



 After electronically submitting an application through Grants.gov, you will
receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.



 If you want to submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located
in the State where your project will primarily take place. You can find State
Office Contact information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
An optional-use Agency application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants.



 Your application must contain all of the required forms and proposal elements
described in 7 CFR 4284.931, unless otherwise clarified in this Notice. You are
encouraged, but not required to utilize the Application Toolkits found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants, however,
you must become familiar with the program regulation at 7 CFR part 4284, subpart
J in order to submit a successful application. Basic application contents are
outlined below:



     Standard Form (SF)-424, "Application for Federal Assistance," to include
your DUNS number and SAM (CAGE) code and expiration date. Because there are no
specific fields for a CAGE code and expiration date, you may identify them
anywhere you want to on the form. If you do not include the CAGE code and
expiration date and the DUNS number in your application, it will not be
considered for funding.

     SF-424A, "Budget Information-Non-Construction Programs." This form must be
completed and submitted as part of the application package.

     SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs." This form must be
completed, signed, and submitted as part of the application package.

     Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A
corporation is any entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the
50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands,
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S.
Virgin Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

     You must certify that there are no current outstanding Federal judgments
against your property and that you will not use grant funds to pay for any
judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy the Certification
requirement, you should include this statement in your application: "[INSERT
NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the United States has not obtained an
unsatisfied judgment against its property and will not use grant funds to pay
any judgments obtained by the United States." A separate signature is not
required.

     Executive Summary and Abstract. A one-page Executive Summary containing the
following information: Legal name of applicant entity, application type
(planning or working capital), applicant type, amount of grant request, a
summary of your project, and whether you are submitting a simplified
application, and whether you are requesting Reserved Funds. Also include a
separate abstract of up to 100 words briefly describing your project.

     Eligibility discussion.

     Work plan and budget.

     Performance evaluation criteria.

     Proposal evaluation criteria.

     Certification and verification of matching funds.

     Reserved Funds and Priority Point documentation (as applicable).

     Appendices containing required supporting documentation.



 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for
Awards Management (SAM)



 In order to be eligible (unless you are accepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c) or
(d), you are required to:



 (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;



 (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may register in SAM
at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/; and



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which you have an active Federal award or an application or
plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.



 If you have not fully complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements,
the Agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a
Federal award and the Agency may use that determination as a basis for making an
award to another applicant. Please refer to Section F. 2. for additional
submission requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 Application Deadline Date: July 1, 2016.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight by July 1, 2016. The Agency will determine whether
your application is late based on the date shown on the postmark or shipping
invoice. You may also hand carry your application to one of our field offices,
but it must be received by close of business on the deadline date. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the
next business day. Late applications will automatically be considered ineligible
and will not be evaluated further.



 Electronic applications must be received at http://www.grants.gov no later than
midnight Eastern time, June 24, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.
Please review the Grants.gov Web site, http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not accept applications
submitted after the deadline.

 5. Intergovernmental Review



 Executive Order (EO) 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs,
applies to this program. This EO requires that Federal agencies provide
opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance with State and local
governments. Many States have established a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) to
facilitate this consultation. A list of States that maintain a SPOC may be
obtained at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC,
you must submit your application directly for review. Any comments obtained
through the SPOC must be provided to RD for consideration as part of your
application. If your State has not established a SPOC or you do not want to
submit your application to the SPOC, RD will submit your application to the SPOC
or other appropriate agency or agencies.

 6. Funding Restrictions



 Funding limitations and reservations found in the program regulation at 7 CFR
4284.927 will apply, including:



 (a) Use of Funds. Grant funds may be used to pay up to 50 percent of the total
eligible project costs, subject to the limitations established for maximum total
grant amount. Grant funds may not be used to pay any costs of the project
incurred prior to the date of grant approval. Grant and matching funds may only
be used for eligible purposes. (see examples of eligible and ineligible uses in
7 CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924, respectively).



 (b) Grant Term (project period). Your project timeframe or grant period can be
a maximum of 36 months in length from the date of award. Your proposed grant
period should begin no earlier than the anticipated award announcement date in
this notice and should end no later than 36 months following that date. If you
receive an award, your grant period will be revised to begin on the actual date
of award--the date the grant agreement is executed by the Agency--and your grant
period end date will be adjusted accordingly. Your project activities must begin
within 90 days of that date of award. The length of your grant period should be
based on your project's complexity, as indicated in your application work plan.
For example, it is expected that most planning grants can be completed within 12
months.



 (c) Program Income. If income (Program Income) is earned during the grant
period as a result of the project activities, it is subject to the requirements
in 2 CFR 200.80, and must be managed and reported accordingly.



 (d) Majority Controlled Producer-Based Business. The aggregate amount of awards
to Majority Controlled Producer-Based Businesses in response to this
announcement shall not exceed 10 percent of the total funds obligated for the
program during the fiscal year.



 (e) Reserved Funds. Ten percent of all funds available for FY 2016 will be
reserved to fund projects that benefit Beginning Farmers or Ranchers, or
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers. In addition, 10 percent of total
funding available will be used to fund projects that propose development of
Mid-Tier Value Chains as part of a Local or Regional Supply Chain Network. See
related definitions in 7 CFR 4284.902.



 (f) Disposition of Reserved Funds Not Obligated. For this announcement, any
reserved FY 2015 funds that have not been obligated by June 30, 2016, will be
available to the Secretary to make VAPG grants in accordance with 7 CFR
4284.927(d).

 7. Other Submission Requirements

 (a) National Environmental Policy Act



 This notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program," or successor regulation. We have determined that an
Environmental Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of
regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing
administrative and financial procedures for processing, approving, and
implementing the Agency's financial programs is categorically excluded in the
Agency's National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation found at 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(3) of subpart G, "Environmental Program." We have determined that
this Notice does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting
the quality of the human environment. Individual awards under this Notice are
hereby classified as Categorical Exclusions according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e),
which do not require any additional documentation.

 (b) Civil Rights Compliance Requirements



 All grants made under this Notice are subject to title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

 E. Application Review Information



 Applications will be reviewed and processed as described at 7 CFR 4284.940. The
Agency will review your application to determine if it is complete and eligible.
If at any time, the Agency determines that your application is ineligible, you
will be notified in writing as to the reasons it was determined ineligible and
you will be informed of your review and appeal rights. Funding of successfully
appealed applications will be limited to available FY 2016 funds.



 The Agency will only score applications in which the applicant and project are
eligible, which are complete and sufficiently responsive to program
requirements, and in which the Agency agrees on the likelihood of financial
feasibility for working capital requests. We will score your application
according to the procedures and criteria specified in 7 CFR 4284.942, and with
tiered scoring thresholds as specified below.

 1. Scoring Criteria



 For each criterion, you must show how the project has merit and why it is
likely to be successful. If you do not address all parts of the criterion, or do
not sufficiently communicate relevant project information, you will receive
lower scores. VAPG is a competitive program, so you will receive scores based on
the quality of your responses. Simply addressing the criteria will not guarantee
higher scores. The maximum number of points that can be awarded to your
application is 100. For this announcement, the minimum score requirement for
funding is 50 points.



 The Agency application toolkit provides additional instruction to help you to
respond to the criteria below.



 (a) Nature of the Proposed Venture (graduated score 0-30 points).



 For both planning and working capital grants, you should discuss the
technological feasibility of the project, as well as operational efficiency,
profitability, and overall economic sustainability resulting from the project.
In addition, demonstrate the potential for expanding the customer base for the
agricultural commodity or value-added product, and the expected increase in
revenue returns to the producer-owners providing the majority of the raw
agricultural commodity to the project. You should reference third-party data and
other information that specifically supports your value-added project; discuss
the value-added process you are proposing; potential markets and distribution
channels; the value to be added to the raw commodity through the value-added
process; cost and availability of inputs, your experience in marketing the
proposed or similar product; business financial statements; and any other
relevant information that supports the viability of your project. Working
capital applicants should demonstrate that these outcomes will result from the
project. Planning grant applicants should describe the expected results, and the
reasons supporting those expectations.



 Points will be awarded as follows:



 (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address the criterion.




 (ii) 1-5 points will be awarded if you do not address each of the following:
technological feasibility, operational efficiency, profitability, and overall
economic sustainability.



 (iii) 6-13 points will be awarded if you address technological feasibility,
operational efficiency, profitability, and overall economic sustainability, but
do not reference third-party information that supports the success of your
project.



 (iv) 14-22 points will be awarded if you address technological feasibility,
operational efficiency, profitability, and overall economic sustainability,
supported by third-party information demonstrating a reasonable likelihood of
success.



 (v) 23-30 points will be awarded if all criterion components are well
addressed, supported by third-party information, and demonstrate a high
likelihood of success.



 (b) Qualifications of Project Personnel (graduated score 0-20 points).



 You must identify all individuals who will be responsible for completing the
proposed tasks in the work plan, including the roles and activities that owners,
staff, contractors, consultants or new hires may perform; and show that these
individuals have the necessary qualifications and expertise, including those
hired to do market or feasibility analyses, or to develop a business operations
plan for the value-added venture. You must include the qualifications of those
individuals responsible for leading or managing the total project (applicant
owners or project managers), as well as those individuals responsible for
actually conducting the various individual tasks in the work plan (such as
consultants, contractors, staff or new hires). You must discuss the commitment
and the availability of any consultants or other professionals to be hired for
the project. If staff or consultants have not been selected at the time of
application, you must provide specific descriptions of the qualifications
required for the positions to be filled. Applications that demonstrate the
strong credentials, education, capabilities, experience and availability of
project personnel that will contribute to a high likelihood of project success
will receive more points than those that demonstrate less potential for success
in these areas.



 Points will be awarded as follows:



 (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address the criterion.




 (ii) 1-4 points will be awarded if qualifications and experience of all staff
is not addressed and/or if necessary qualifications of unfilled positions are
not provided.



 (iii) 5-9 points will be awarded if all project personnel are identified but do
not demonstrate qualifications or experience relevant to the project.



 (iv) 10-14 will be awarded if most key personnel demonstrate strong credentials
and/or experience, and availability indicating a reasonable likelihood of
success.



 (v) 15-20 points will be awarded if all personnel demonstrate strong, relevant
credentials or experience, and availability indicating a high likelihood of
project success.



 (c) Commitments and Support (graduated score 0-10 points).



 Producer commitments to the project will be evaluated based on the number of
independent producers currently involved in the project; and the nature, level
and quality of their contributions, including matching contributions. End-user
commitments will be evaluated on the basis of potential or identified markets
and the potential amount of output to be purchased, as indicated by letters of
intent or contracts from potential buyers referenced within the application.
Other third-party commitments to the project will be evaluated based on the
critical and tangible nature of their contribution to the project, such as
technical assistance, storage, processing, marketing, or distribution
arrangements that are necessary for the project to proceed; and the level and
quality of these contributions. All cash or in-kind contributions from producers
, end users, or other contributors should be discussed. End-user commitments may
include contracts or letters of intent or interest in purchasing the value-added
product. Letters of commitment by producers, end-users, and third-parties should
be summarized as part of your response to this criterion, and the letters should
be included in Appendix B. Applications that demonstrate the project has strong
direct financial support in the form of cash matching contributions and strong
technical and logistical support to successfully complete the project will
receive more points than those that demonstrate less potential for success in
these areas.



 Points will be awarded as follows:



 (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address the criterion.




 (ii) 1-3 points will be awarded if you are the only producer participating in
the project, AND show real, direct support from at least one end-user or
third-party contributor.



 (iii) 4-6 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, are the only
producer participating in the project, AND show strong financial commitment in
the form of cash matching contributions to the project AND measurable commitment
or interest in purchasing the value-added product from at least one end-user;
AND commitment or tangible support from at least one other third-party
contributor; OR you, as the applicant, demonstrate participation from multiple
producers, AND measurable commitment or interest in purchasing the value-added
product from at least one end-user; AND commitment or tangible support from at
least one third party contributor.



 (iv) 7-10 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, show strong
financial commitment to the project in the form of cash matching contributions,
AND participation from additional producers, AND measurable commitment or
interest from multiple end-users, AND commitment or tangible support from
multiple third-party contributors.



 (d) Work Plan and Budget (graduated score 0-20 points).



 You must submit a comprehensive work plan and budget (for full details, see 7
CFR 4284.922(b)(5)). Your work plan must provide specific and detailed
descriptions of the tasks and the key project personnel that will accomplish the
project's goals. The budget must present a detailed breakdown of all estimated
costs of project activities and allocate those costs among the listed tasks. You
must show the source and use of both grant and matching funds for all tasks.
Matching funds must be spent at a rate equal to, or in advance of, grant funds.
An eligible start and end date for the project and for individual project tasks
must be clearly shown and may not exceed Agency specified timeframes for the
grant period. Working capital applications must include an estimate of program
income expected to be earned during the grant period (see 2 CFR 200.307).



 Points will be awarded as follows:



 (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address the criterion.




 (ii) 1-7 points will be awarded if the work plan and budget do not account for
all project goals, tasks, costs, timelines, and responsible personnel.



 (iii) 8-14 points will be awarded if you provide a clear, comprehensive work
plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines, costs, and responsible
personnel in a logical and realistic manner that demonstrates a reasonable
likelihood of success.



 (iv) 15-20 points will be awarded if you provide a clear, comprehensive work
plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines, costs, and responsible
personnel in a logical and realistic manner that demonstrates a high likelihood
of success.



 (e) Priority Points up to 10 points (lump sum 0 or 5 points plus, graduated
score 0-5 points).



 It is recommended that you use the Agency application package when applying for
priority points and refer to the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4284.924.
Priority points may be awarded in both the general funds and Reserved Funds
competitions.



 (i) 5 points will be awarded if you meets the requirements for one of the
following categories and provide the documentation described in 7 CFR 4284.923
and 4284.924 as applicable: Beginning Farmer or Rancher, Socially-Disadvantaged
Farmer or Rancher, Veteran Farmer or Rancher, or Operator of a Small or
Medium-sized Farm or Ranch that is structured as a Family Farm, Farmer or
Rancher Cooperative, or are proposing a Mid-Tier Value Chain project.



 (ii) Up to 5 priority points will be awarded if you are an Agricultural
Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or Majority-Controlled Producer
-Based Business Venture (referred to below as "applicant group") whose project
"best contributes to creating or increasing marketing opportunities" for
Operators of Small- and Medium-sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as
Family Farms, Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers, and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers (referred to below as "priority
groups"). For each of the priority point levels below, applications must
demonstrate how the proposed project will contribute to new or increased
marketing opportunities for respective priority groups. Guidance on relevant
information required to adequately demonstrate this requirement can be found in
program application package.



 (A) 2 priority points will be awarded if the existing membership of the
applicant group is comprised of either more than 50 percent of any one of the
four priority groups or more than 50 percent of any combination of the four
priority groups.



 (B) 1 priority point will be awarded if the existing membership of the
applicant group is comprised of two or more of the priority groups. One point is
awarded regardless of whether a group's membership is comprised of two, three,
or all four of the priority groups.



 (C) 2 priority points will be awarded if the applicant's proposed project will
increase the number of priority groups that comprise applicant membership by one
or more priority groups. However, if an applicant group's membership is already
comprised of all four priority groups, such an applicant would not be eligible
for points under this criterion because there is no opportunity to increase the
number of priority groups. Note also that this criterion does not consider
either the percentage of the existing membership that is comprised of the four
priority groups or the number of priority groups currently comprising the
applicant group's membership.



 (f) Priority Categories (graduated score 0-10 points).



 The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10 points to an
application to improve the geographic diversity of awardees in a fiscal year.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 The Agency will select applications for award under this Notice in accordance
with the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4284.950(a).



 If your application is eligible and complete, it will be qualitatively scored
by at least two reviewers based on criteria specified in section E.1. of this
Notice. One of these reviewers will be an experienced RD employee from your
servicing State Office and at least one additional reviewer will be a
non-Federal, independent reviewer, who must meet the following qualifications.
Independent reviewers must have at least bachelor's degree in one or more of the
following fields: Agri-business, agricultural economics, agriculture, animal
science, business, marketing, economics or finance; and a minimum of 8 years of
experience in an agriculture-related field (e.g. farming, marketing, consulting,
or research; or as university faculty, trade association official or non-Federal
government official in an agriculturally-related field). Each reviewer will
score evaluation criteria (a) through (d) and the totals for each reviewer will
be added together and averaged. The RD State Office reviewer will also assign
priority points based on criterion (e) in section E.1. of this Notice. These
will be added to the average score. The sum of these scores will be ranked
highest to lowest and this will comprise the initial ranking.



 The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10 Administrator
priority points based on criterion (f) in section E.1. of this Notice. These
points will be added to the cumulative score for a total possible score of 100.



 A final ranking will be obtained based solely on the scores received for
criteria (a) through (e). A minimum score of 50 points is required for funding.
Applications for Reserved Funds will be funded in rank order until funds are
depleted. Unfunded reserve applications will be returned to the general funds
where applications will be funded in rank order until the funds are expended.
Funding for Majority Controlled Producer-Based Business Ventures is limited to
10 percent of total grant funds expected to be obligated as a result of this
Notice. These applications will be funded in rank order until the funding
limitation has been reached. Grants to these applicants from Reserved Funds will
count against this funding limitation. In the event of tied scores, the
Administrator shall have discretion in breaking ties.



 If your application is ranked, but not funded, it will not be carried forward
into the next competition.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice of Federal
award by postal mail, containing instructions on requirements necessary to
proceed with execution and performance of the award.



 If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in writing via postal
mail and informed of any review and appeal rights. Funding of successfully
appealed applications will be limited to available FY 2016 funding.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart J; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418,
421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48 CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these
parts.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub.L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements
can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants.



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



 (a) Agency approved Grant Agreement.



 (b) Letter of Conditions.



 (c) Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."



 (d) Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."



 (e) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions."



 (f) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered Transactions."



 (g) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (
Grants)."



 (h) Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.



 (i) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."



 (j) SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.



 (k) Use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement."

 3. Reporting



 After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:



 (a) A SF-425, "Federal Financial Report," and a project performance report will
be required on a semiannual basis (due 45 working days after end of the
semiannual period). For the purposes of this grant, semiannual periods end on
March 31st and September 30th. The project performance reports shall include the
elements prescribed in the grant agreement.



 (b) A final project and financial status report within 90 days after the
expiration or termination of the grant.



 (c) Provide outcome project performance reports and final deliverables.

 G. Agency Contacts



 If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the State Office as
identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. You are also encouraged to
visit the application Web site for application tools, including an application
guide and templates. The Web site address is:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. You may
also contact National Office staff: Tracey Kennedy, VAPG Program Lead,
tracey.kennedy@wdc.usda.gov, or Shantelle Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov,
or call the main line at 202-690-1374.

 H. Nondiscrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor (PDF) within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act,
event, or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found
online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: April 4, 2016.

 Samuel Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business--Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08028 Filed 4-7-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 25, 2009

Ag. secretary urges farmers, businesses to apply for value-added producer grants

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 336  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack urges farmers and business owners to apply for
grants to add value to the commodities they produce. The deadline to apply is
Monday, Nov. 30.

"The approximately $18 million in value-added grants announced by USDA this past
year are strengthening rural economies and creating jobs," Vilsack said. "I
encourage farmers and businesses to take advantage of this opportunity to add
value to their agricultural products by funding planning activities such as
feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

For example, in 2004, USDA awarded the Michigan Turkey Producers Cooperative in
Wyoming, Mich., a value-added planning grant totaling $55,000 to prepare a
feasibility study and business plan for marketing turkey products to
health-conscious customers. In 2005, a second $150,000 grant was awarded to
provide marketing capital in order to increase brand awareness and promote the
benefits of the company's farm-to-table practices. As a result of USDA's
assistance, the cooperative was able to hire 66 new employees and open a new
processing plant for new product lines.

USDA will award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of
up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average annual gross sales of less than
$700,000.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the funding being made available is reserved for
beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 The Aberdeen Times


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Value added to local businesses

BYLINE: Alyson Buschena, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 770 words


June 18--LAKEFIELD -- Minnesota Department of Agriculture Assistant Agriculture
Commissioner Charlie Poster and Marketing Division Director Mary Hanks visited
farms and businesses in southwest Minnesota Monday.

All of the farmers and business owners included on the tour received a Value
Added or Livestock Investment grant from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture
to upgrade or expand their operations.

Poster and Hanks visited Bill Brandt, owner of Brandt Gardens and Greenhouse of
rural Lakefield. Brandt will use Value Added Grant funds to build a
commercial-grade produce handling and cleaning facility to enable him to sell
produce that meets food safety requirements.

"The main building is 24 feet by 36 feet, and there will be a 10-foot porch on
the east and west side length of the building," Brandt explained.

The east side will be used to wash vegetables, and the west side will be used to
display potted plants and other produce.

By meeting food safety requirements, Brandt will be able to sell to a wider
market -- including hospitals and schools -- Hanks explained.

"I think we're making great leaps in society and changing the way to think about
things," said Brent, alluding to the growing trend of eating locally grown food.

In addition to expanding his market, Brandt anticipates the new building will
allow him to hire four new employees.

Other businesses visited on Monday include Johnson's Meats, Windom; Welcome
Meats, Welcome; Hoff Farm, Steen; and Middleroad Acres Farm, Chandler. Today,
the group will visit Boerboom Farm, Marshall; Lanoue Farm, Marshall; Mathiowetz
Farm, Olivia; and Schuft Farm, Arlington.

Through the December 31, 2012, and March 1 funding deadlines, the Minnesota
Department of Agriculture awarded $700,000 in grant funds for 50 Value Added
grants and 90 Livestock Investment grants. Hanks and Poster will continue
traveling around the state to visit all the projects that have been funded
through the grant program.

"Southwest Minnesota did really well particularly with the Livestock grant,"
Hanks added.

The grants cover up to 25 percent of a project costs, and applicants are
responsible for the remaining 75 percent.

"These projects are huge investments for the producers," Hanks explained. "They
have to submit a business plan and a marketing plan, and we know that the people
have thought this through."

The Minnesota Value Added Grant supports MInnesota agricultural producers and
processors, and strives to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural products by
diversifying markets, increasing market access and increasing food safety.

The Livestock Investment Grants aim to boost the state's livestock sector and
help livestock farmers stay competitive to ensure Minnesota remains one of the
top 10 U.S. in livestock production.

The Value Added Grant and the Livestock Investment Grants are both part of the
Agricultural Growth, Research and Innovation Program, which was established to
advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable energy industries.

"We're out to do a couple things," explained Poster, "first to highlight and
reward the investment the private producers have made around the state, and then
to talk about the opportunity moving forward the next two years. We want to make
sure his neighbors know we can continue making an investment in rural Minnesota.
We want to put our money where our mouth is."

The grant program is part of a larger commitment made by Minnesota Gov. Mark
Dayton to increase jobs in Minnesota. According to Poster, in the next two
years, $20 million has been dedicated to similar projects.

"Governor Dayton's big priority was -- as he ran and as governor -- has been
jobs. And he sees agriculture as one of the best areas in the economy to get a
good return on the investment," Poster said. "If the Department of Agriculture
can partner with private producers -- we put in a little and they put in a lot
-- they can usually hire a couple people."

To be eligible for the grants, applicants were required to primarily produce,
process or market Minnesota agricultural products. Each agricultural cooperative
was required to be a member-owned business that provides, offers or sells
agricultural products or services for the mutual benefit of the members.

The next funding round for the Livestock Investment Grant and Value Added Grant
will end in July. Grant applications and additional information can be found at
www.mda.state.mn.us.

Daily Globe Reporter Alyson Buschena may be reached at 376-7322.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130618-QG-Value-added-to-local-businesses-0618-20130618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily Globe


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $225,723
in federal funding for Deluke Lawnscapes, Inc. and Thousand Island Meats, LLC in
Jefferson County. The funding is provided by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was
created to promote growth for small, independent producers, by allowing them to
generate new products, create and expand marketing opportunities, and increase
producer income overall. Specifically, Deluke Lawnscapes, Inc. will receive
$175,723 in federal funds to assist the grantee with working capital needs
associated with their new startup winery, Northern Flow Vineyards. Thousand
Island Meats, LLC will receive $50,000 in federal funds to examine the
feasibility of building a livestock processing facility in Jefferson County, New
York.





  &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of
New York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This direct USDA
assistance will allow two Jefferson County small businesses to generate
increased economic revenue by developing their products and expanding their
facilities. Helping to grow our local businesses will be a win-win for our
agriculture industry, North Country consumers, and the entire regional
economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in the North Country's
agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their crops by
expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;I am truly excited about how much this grant will help in the startup of
my new winery! After three years of planning, research and getting an education
in winery management at Jefferson Community College this project is finally
getting off the ground,&rdquo; said Philip DeLuke, President of Northern Flow
Vineyards. &ldquo;This grant will not only help me it will help our community,
new and existing employees and our entire local craft beverage industry.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;On behalf of our partnership, Thousand Islands Meats, LLC, we are
excited to learn of this grant award from the USDA Rural Development Value Added
Producer grant program,&rdquo; said Stephen Winkler, Thousand Island Meats, LLC.
&ldquo;The $50,000 grant will be matched with $50,000 of private investment from
Michael E. Lundy, developer for NY Meat Company LLC to conduct feasibility
studies to complete our evaluation of a major USDA meat processing plant in
Jefferson County. We believe this plant is critical to growing our agricultural
industry in New York State, especially in northern New York. It is important
that we complete an in-depth feasibility study of the plant, including business
structure, market opportunities, plant design, and physical location. We look
forward to working with Jefferson County Economic Development, who will help us
administer the grant.&rdquo;



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

USDA investing more than $45 million into farmers and agribusinesses

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced the USDA will be providing
more than $45 million in grants to help American farmers and agribusinesses
expand.





 The grants are being administered through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program, and about 325 projects will benefit from funding.



 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said in a release. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to
help producers develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep
that income in their communities."



 Funded projects include:



     $250,000 for Moragra PJ Farms in Poplar Grove, Illinois, to help with the
handling, verification, sales, marketing and other expenses for its non-GMO corn
production business.

     $75,000 for the Missouri Soybean Association to conduct a feasibility study
and to develop a business plan for a farmer-owned and controlled small-medium
size soybean crush and soybean oil refinery for non-GMO/high oleic soybeans.

     $250,000 for Cato Corner Farm in Colchester, Connecticut, to expand a dairy
and creamery by establishing new types of cheeses, and to increase production of
existing cheeses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

USDA investing more than $45 million into farmers and agribusinesses

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced the USDA will be providing
more than $45 million in grants to help American farmers and agribusinesses
expand.





 The grants are being administered through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program, and about 325 projects will benefit from funding.



 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said in a release. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to
help producers develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep
that income in their communities."



 Funded projects include:



     $250,000 for Moragra PJ Farms in Poplar Grove, Illinois, to help with the
handling, verification, sales, marketing and other expenses for its non-GMO corn
production business.

     $75,000 for the Missouri Soybean Association to conduct a feasibility study
and to develop a business plan for a farmer-owned and controlled small-medium
size soybean crush and soybean oil refinery for non-GMO/high oleic soybeans.

     $250,000 for Cato Corner Farm in Colchester, Connecticut, to expand a dairy
and creamery by establishing new types of cheeses, and to increase production of
existing cheeses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 5, 2009 Friday

FEDERAL GRANTS INSPIRE FARMERS

BYLINE: JESSICA VANDER VELDE, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH SHORE & BRANDON TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: SEFFNER



HIGHLIGHT: The Department of Agriculture has funds to help those who find ways
to add crop value.


Gone are the days when simply growing a crop or milking cows is enough. To make
profits now, farmers often plant three crops or opt out of the business
entirely, selling their land to developers.

But there's another option, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture is providing
$18 million to help.

Farmers can increase their profits by adding value to what they're already
doing. Strawberry farmers could turn their crops into jam. Tomato growers could
can their harvest.

The department offers matching grants to farmers or agriculture groups around
the country who show how they can increase the value of traditional operations.

Those interested in applying for the grants may attend a workshop Tuesday at the
county's extension office.

Since the program's start in 2001, no one in Hillsborough County has received
the grant. This year, the county's Agriculture Industry Development program and
extension office are encouraging local producers to apply.

Program director Stephen Gran said it's especially important in Hillsborough
County, where farmers need to compete with land-hungry developers.

"Farmers need to find another way to make a profit," he said.

Frankie Hall, the executive director of the Florida Pork Improvement Group, said
the value-added grant his group received in 2005 has already helped two farmers.
He hopes it will reach more.

The group, which is based in Gainesville, received $71,120 from the Agriculture
Department to devise a business model for pork producers who want to market and
sell "all-natural" pork products to high-end restaurants and grocery stores,
such as Whole Foods.

"It's been very successful," he said.

But he advised farmers to research the grant and write a detailed proposal
because it's very competitive.

Jessica Vander Velde can be reached at jvandervelde@sptimes.com or (813)
661-2443.

If you go

Value-Added Producer Grant Workshop

June 9, 10 a.m. to noon

Hillsborough County Extension Office auditorium, 5339 County Road 579, Seffner

For more information about the grant:

www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $157,000 IN FEDERAL USDA
VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANTS FOR AGRICULTURAL CENTERS IN HUDSON VALLEY

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $157,785
in federal funding for Marc Jaffe, owner of Snowdance Farm in Sullivan County
and Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. in Orange County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall.
Specifically, Snowdance Farm will receive $116,322 in federal funds for working
capital expenses related to production and marketing of the grantee's meat and
poultry products. Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. will receive $41,463 in
federal funds to assist with working capital needs associated with their matzo
expansion.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow two farms in the Hudson Valley to generate
increased economic revenue by bringing new products to market and expanding
their operations. Helping our local companies grow their business will be a
win-win for our agriculture industry, Hudson Valley consumers, and the entire
regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Hudson valley&rsquo;s
agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their crops by
expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This grant award by the USDA will assist our family farm in expanding
its offerings to include value-added products like sausages and pates as well as
enhance our marketing efforts to bring high quality products from the Hudson
Valley to the New York City Metropolitan area,&rdquo; said Marc Jaffe, owner of
Snowdance Farm, a pasture-raised livestock and poultry operation in Sullivan
County. &ldquo;We appreciate Senator Gillibrand's recognition of the important
role that agriculture plays in local economy and are thankful for the USDA's
support."



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

USDA Program Boosts Small and Family Ag Producers

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Lyons


Center for Rural Affairs has issued the following press release:

Small farm and ranch businesses just got a boost from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture! Through the Value Added Producer Grant Program, USDA is investing
$25 million in 247 businesses in 46 states. The funds will be used to create or
expand value-added agricultural products.

The Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program is a competitive grants program.
It is targeted to beginning, socially disadvantaged, veteran, and small and
mid-size family farmers and ranchers. Grants can be used to support business and
marketing planning. Or they can fund feasibility studies to test out new niche
markets or provide working capital to support a value-added enterprise.

We advocated to create this program back in 2000. We've worked ever since to
make improvements, especially in farm bill debates. In a great move, the 2014
Farm Bill prioritized projects that best serve beginning and small and mid-sized
farmers and ranchers. A new priority was added for returning veteran farmers and
ranchers as well.

One of the projects awarded in our home state of Nebraska went to Prairie Pride
Poultry of York, established in 2013 by Dan Hromas. Dan is a disabled veteran
who served in both Iraq and Afghanistan. He is the second veteran farmer in the
country, and the first in Nebraska, to be certified under the Homegrown by
Heroes initiative.

Dan's award will support marketing and delivery of his locally produced
farm-fresh eggs. They come from his heritage-breed Rhode Island Red hens raised
on pasture. Dan sells his eggs to three grocery stores. When supplies are ample,
he also sells them to Chances R, a fantastic family-owned restaurant in York.
Dan also sells through a nearby farmers market once a month.

When I spoke to Dan about this grant, he wanted to make sure I include the fact
that he is a disabled veteran. Dan wants to help other veterans who are
interested in farming access programs like the Value Added Producer Grant
program and the Homegrown by Heroes initiative. If you know a veteran Dan could
help, you can find Prairie Pride Poultry here on Facebook and here on Twitter.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

FAA SCIENTIST TO BE HONORED BY NATIONAL SAFETY COUNCIL

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 391 words


A forensic scientist, researcher and administrator for the Federal Aviation
Administration in Oklahoma City has been recognized by the National Safety
Council. Dr. Dennis Canfield is the 19th recipient of the Robert F. Borkenstein
Award, which recognizes individuals who have made outstanding contributions to
traffic and transportation safety in the field of drug and alcohol research. He
will receive the award Monday in Seattle. Canfield's laboratory at the Civil
Aerospace Medical Institute investigates the medical and scientific aspects of
all fatal aviation crashes.

Grants, interest-free loans open for diversifying crop production

Producers and producer groups interested in diversifying their production with
nontraditional crops, adding value to crops through processing or marketing or
who are pursuing marketing cooperative ventures have until April 1 to complete
applications for grants and interest-free loans. Under the Oklahoma Department
of Agriculture, Food and Forestry program, producers can apply for grants of up
to $10,000 to help establish diversified agricultural projects. Interest-free
loans are available for individuals or groups to assist in marketing and
research for promoting value-added ventures and sales. Grants are available on
three levels: $2,500; $2,501-$5,000; and $5,001-$10,000. Diversification grants
target farmers who want to raise non-traditional crops or livestock, conduct
value-added processing or those in agritourism. Contact Jason Harvey at 522-5563
or Gary Bledsoe at 830-1341. Applications and information are available at
oda.state.ok.us or through Harvey at Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food,
and Forestry, 2800 N Lincoln Blvd., Oklahoma City, OK 73105.

Former Eaton Corp. employees are eligible for assistance

Former employees at Eaton Corp. in the Fluid Power Group, Hydraulics Division,
in Shawnee, including on-site leased workers, are eligible for the Trade
Readjustment Assistance program administered by the U.S. Department of Labor.
TRA provides assistance to those who lose jobs or significant work hours because
of increased imports or a shift in production out of the country. The first day
of eligibility, or date of certification, for identified workers was Jan. 19,
2010. Employees who want to apply should contact the nearest Workforce Oklahoma
Center at (888) 980-9675.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dr. Dennis Canfield

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

FAA SCIENTIST TO BE HONORED BY NATIONAL SAFETY COUNCIL

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 391 words


A forensic scientist, researcher and administrator for the Federal Aviation
Administration in Oklahoma City has been recognized by the National Safety
Council. Dr. Dennis Canfield is the 19th recipient of the Robert F. Borkenstein
Award, which recognizes individuals who have made outstanding contributions to
traffic and transportation safety in the field of drug and alcohol research. He
will receive the award Monday in Seattle. Canfield's laboratory at the Civil
Aerospace Medical Institute investigates the medical and scientific aspects of
all fatal aviation crashes.

Grants, interest-free loans open for diversifying crop production

Producers and producer groups interested in diversifying their production with
nontraditional crops, adding value to crops through processing or marketing or
who are pursuing marketing cooperative ventures have until April 1 to complete
applications for grants and interest-free loans. Under the Oklahoma Department
of Agriculture, Food and Forestry program, producers can apply for grants of up
to $10,000 to help establish diversified agricultural projects. Interest-free
loans are available for individuals or groups to assist in marketing and
research for promoting value-added ventures and sales. Grants are available on
three levels: $2,500; $2,501-$5,000; and $5,001-$10,000. Diversification grants
target farmers who want to raise non-traditional crops or livestock, conduct
value-added processing or those in agritourism. Contact Jason Harvey at 522-5563
or Gary Bledsoe at 830-1341. Applications and information are available at
oda.state.ok.us or through Harvey at Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food,
and Forestry, 2800 N Lincoln Blvd., Oklahoma City, OK 73105.

Former Eaton Corp. employees are eligible for assistance

Former employees at Eaton Corp. in the Fluid Power Group, Hydraulics Division,
in Shawnee, including on-site leased workers, are eligible for the Trade
Readjustment Assistance program administered by the U.S. Department of Labor.
TRA provides assistance to those who lose jobs or significant work hours because
of increased imports or a shift in production out of the country. The first day
of eligibility, or date of certification, for identified workers was Jan. 19,
2010. Employees who want to apply should contact the nearest Workforce Oklahoma
Center at (888) 980-9675.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dr. Dennis Canfield

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Value-added agriculture grants available

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 222  words


STILLWATER - Up to $44 million is available to farmers, ranchers and
cooperatives to further process, package or market raw commodities from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grant program.

"This year's funding for Value-Added Producer Grants is a substantial increase
over recent years," said Ryan McMullen, state director for USDA Rural
Development. "With quality applications from Oklahoma's farmers and ranchers, we
expect to have a significant increase in the number of successful applicants
this year. "

McMullen said Oklahoma agricultural producers have a strong track record of
successful applications.

Red Rock Premium Beef in Hydro used money from a grant to equip their cattle
production operation to sell cuts of beef at retail prices.

Lomah Dairy in Wyandotte expanded its product line to include nontraditional
dairy items.

Grants can be used for working capital or to develop feasibility studies,
marketing plans or business plans.

The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due June 24. Additional information and
assistance is available by contacting USDA Rural Development at (405) 742-1061.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 7849  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces that the Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is
accepting fiscal year (FY) 2015 applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) program. Approximately $30 million in funding is available to help
agricultural producers enter into value-added activities for FY 2015.
Approximately $10.2 million has been appropriated through the Consolidated and
Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 and the remaining funds have been
made available through either carry over funding from FY 2014 or through the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The Agency is concurrently publishing
a final rule that will revise the current VAPG regulation at 7 CFR part 4284,
subpart J in response to: The 2014 Farm Bill; comments received on the interim
rule, which was published on February 23, 2011 (76 FR 10122); a listening
session, held on April 25, 2014, on the VAPG provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill;
and to provide program clarifications. The Agency is encouraging applications
that directs grants to projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for rural Americans
and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. DATES: You
must submit your application by July 7, 2015 or it will not be considered for
funding. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped or sent
overnight by this date. You may also hand carry your application to one of our
field offices, but it must be received by close of business on the deadline
date. Electronic applications are permitted via http://www.grants.gov only, and
must be received before midnight Eastern Time July 2, 2015. Late applications
are not eligible for grant funding under this Notice. ADDRESSES: You should
contact your USDA Rural Development State Office if you have questions about
eligibility or submission requirements. You are encouraged to contact your State
Office well in advance of the application deadline to discuss your project and
to ask any questions about the application process. Application materials are
available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants. If you want to submit an electronic application, follow the
instructions for the VAPG funding announcement on http://www.grants.gov. Please
review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization-registration.html for instructions on the process of
registering your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. If you want to submit a paper application,
send it to the State Office located in the State where your project will
primarily take place. You can find State Office Contact information at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
MS 3253, Room 4008-South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Value-Added Producer
Grant. Announcement Type: Initial funding request. Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance Number: 10.352. Dates: Application Deadline. You must submit your
complete paper application by July 7, 2015, or it will not be considered for
funding. Electronic applications must be received by http://www.grants.gov no
later than midnight Eastern Time July 2, 2015, or it will not be considered for
funding. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act,
the paperwork burden associated with this Notice has been approved by the Office
of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0039. A. Program
Description The VAPG program is authorized under section 231 of the Agriculture
Risk Protection Act of 2000 (Pub. L. 106-224), as amended by section 6203 of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) (see 7 U.S.C. 1632a). Applicants must
adhere to the requirements contained in the program regulation, 7 CFR 4284,
subpart J, which is incorporated by reference in this Notice. The primary
objective of this grant program is to assist Independent Producers, Agricultural
Producer Groups, Farmer and Rancher Cooperatives, and Majority-Controlled
Producer-Based Businesses in starting or expanding value-added activities
related to the processing and/or marketing of Value-Added Agricultural Products.
Grants will be awarded competitively for either planning or working capital
projects directly related to the processing and/or marketing of value-added
products. Generating new products, creating and expanding marketing
opportunities, and increasing producer income are the end goals of the program.
All proposals must demonstrate economic viability and sustainability in order to
compete for funding. Funding priority will be made available to Beginning
Farmers and Ranchers, Veteran Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers, Operators of Small and Medium-Sized Farms and Ranches
structured as Family Farms or Ranches, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and
projects proposing to develop a Mid-Tier Value Chain. See 7 CFR 4284.923 for
Reserved Funds eligibility and 7 CFR 4284.924 for Priority Scoring eligibility.
Definitions The terms you need to understand are defined in 7 CFR 4284.902. B.
Federal Award Information Type of Instrument: Grant. Fiscal Year 2015 Funds:
Approximately $10.2 million. Approximate Number of Awards: Approximately 300.
Available Total Funding: Approximately $30 million. Maximum Award Amount:
Planning--$75,000; Working Capital--$250,000. Project Period: Up to 36 months
depending on the complexity of the project. Anticipated Award Date: September
30, 2015. Reservation of Funds: Ten percent of available funds for applications
will be reserved for applications submitted by Beginning and
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, and an additional ten percent of
available funds for applications from farmers or ranchers proposing development
of Mid-Tier Value Chains. Reserved funds not obligated prior to June 30, 2015,
will be used for the VAPG general competition. If this is the case, Beginning
and [[Page 26529]] Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers and applicants
proposing Mid-Tier Value Chains will compete with other eligible VAPG
applications. C. Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the
following eligibility requirements. Applications which fail to meet any of these
requirements by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not
be evaluated further. 1. Eligible Applicants You must demonstrate that you meet
all the applicant eligibility requirements of 7 CFR 4284.920 and 4284.921
(Ineligible applicants). This includes meeting the definition requirements at 7
CFR 4284.902 for one of the following applicant types: Independent Producer,
Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative or Majority-
Controlled Producer-Based Business and also meeting the Emerging Market,
Citizenship, Legal Authority and Responsibility, Multiple Grants and Active
Grants requirements of the section. Required documentation to support
eligibility is contained at 7 CFR 4284.931. Federally-recognized Tribes and
tribal entities must demonstrate that they meet all definition requirements for
one of the four eligible applicant types. Rural Development State Offices and
posted application toolkits will provide additional information on Tribal
eligibility. Per 4284.921, an applicant is ineligible if they have been debarred
or suspended or otherwise excluded from or ineligible for participation in
Federal assistance programs under Executive Order 12549, ``Debarment and
Suspension.'' In addition, an applicant will be considered ineligible for a
grant due to an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court
(other than U.S. Tax Court), is delinquent on the payment of Federal income
taxes, or is delinquent on Federal debt. 2. Cost-Sharing or Matching There is a
matching funds requirement of at least $1 for every $1 in grant funds provided
by the Agency (matching funds plus grant funds must equal proposed Total Project
Costs). Matching funds may be in the form of cash or eligible in-kind
contributions and may be used only for eligible project purposes. Matching funds
must be available at time of application and must be certified and verified as
described in 7 CFR 4284.931(b)(3) and (4). Note that matching funds must also be
discussed as part of the scoring criterion Commitments and Support as described
in section E.1. (c). 3. Project Eligibility You must demonstrate that you meet
all the project eligibility requirements of 7 CFR 4284.922. (a) Product
eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working capital grants must meet
all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(a), including that your value-added product
must result from one of the five methodologies identified in the definition of
Value-Added Agricultural Product at 7 CFR 4284.902. In addition, you must
demonstrate that, as a result of the project, the customer base for the
agricultural commodity or value-added product will be expanded, by including a
baseline of current customers for the commodity, and an estimated target number
of customers that will result from the project; and that, a greater portion of
the revenue derived from the marketing or processing of the value-added product
is available to the applicant producer(s) of the agricultural commodity, by
including a baseline of current revenues from the sale of the agricultural
commodity and an estimate of increased revenues that will result from the
project. (b) Purpose eligibility. Applicants for both planning and working
capital grants must meet all requirements at 7 CFR 4284.922(b) regarding maximum
grant amounts, verification of matching funds, eligible and ineligible uses of
grant and matching funds, a substantive work plan and budget. (i) Planning
Grants. A planning grant is used to fund development of a defined program of
economic planning activities to determine the viability of a potential value
-added venture, and specifically for the purpose of paying for a qualified
consultant to conduct and develop a feasibility study, business plan, and/or
marketing plan associated with the processing and/or marketing of a value-added
agricultural product. Planning grant funds may not be used to fund working
capital activities. (ii) Working Capital Grants. This type of grant provides
funds to operate a value-added project, specifically to pay the eligible project
expenses related to the processing and/or marketing of the value-added product
that are eligible uses of grant funds. Working capital funds may not be used for
planning purposes. (c) Reserved Funds Eligibility. To qualify for Reserved Funds
as a Beginning or Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher or if you propose to
develop a Mid-Tier Value Chain, you must meet the requirements found at 7 CFR
4284.923. If your application is eligible, but is not awarded under the Reserved
Funds, it will automatically be considered for general funds in that same fiscal
year, as funding levels permit. (d) Priority Points. To qualify for Priority
Points for projects that contribute to increasing opportunities for Beginning
Farmers or Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers, or if you are
an Operator of a Small or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch structured as a Family
Farm, a Veteran Farmer or Rancher, propose a Mid-Tier Value Chain project, or
are a Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, you must meet the applicable eligibility
requirements at 7 CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 and must address the relevant
proposal evaluation criterion. 4. Eligible Uses of Grant and Matching Funds
Eligible uses of grant and matching funds are discussed, along with examples, in
7 CFR 4284.923. In general, grant and cost-share matching funds have the same
use restrictions and must be used to fund only the costs for eligible purposes
as defined at 7 CFR 4284.923(a) and (b). 5. Ineligible Uses of Grant and
Matching Funds A list (not all inclusive) of ineligible uses of grant and
matching fund is found in 7 CFR 4284.926. An Applicant may submit only one
application in response to a solicitation, and must explicitly direct that it
compete in either the general funds competition or in one of the named reserved
funds competitions. Multiple applications from separate entities with identical
or greater than 75 percent common ownership, or from a parent, subsidiary or
affiliated organization (with ``affiliation'' defined by Small Business
Administration regulation 13 CFR 121.103, or successor regulation) are not
permitted. Further, Applicants who have already received a Planning Grant for
the proposed project cannot receive another Planning Grant for the same project.
Applicants who have already received a Working Capital Grant for the proposed
project cannot receive any additional grants for that project. D. Application
and Submission Information 1. Address To Request Applications The application
toolkit, regulation, and official program notification for this funding
opportunity can be obtained online at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
value-added- [[Page 26530]] producer-grants. Or, you can contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office by visiting
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. You may also obtain a copy by
calling 202-690-1374. The toolkit contains an application checklist, templates,
required grant forms, and instructions. Although the Agency highly recommends
their use, use of the templates in the toolkit is not mandatory. 2. Content and
Form of Application Submission You may submit your application in paper form or
electronically through Grants.gov. Your application must contain all required
information. To submit an application electronically, you must follow the
instructions for this funding announcement at http://www.grants.gov. Please note
that we cannot accept emailed or faxed applications. You can locate the Grants.
gov downloadable application package for this program by using a keyword, the
program name, or the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number for this
program. When you enter the Grants.gov Web site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site, as well as the hours
of operation. To use Grants.gov, you must already have a DUNS number and you
must also be registered and maintain registration in SAM. We strongly recommend
that you do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. You must submit all of your application
documents electronically through Grants.gov. After electronically submitting an
application through Grants.gov, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement
from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. If you want to
submit a paper application, send it to the State Office located in the State
where your project will primarily take place. You can find State Office Contact
information at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. An optional-use
Agency application template is available online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. Your
application must contain all of the required forms and proposal elements
described in 7 CFR 4284.931, unless otherwise clarified in this Notice. You are
encouraged, but not required to utilize the Application Toolkits found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. Basic
application contents are outlined below:  Standard Form (SF)-424, ``Application
for Federal
Assistance,'' to include your DUNS number and SAM (CAGE) code and
expiration date. Because there are no specific fields for a CAGE code
and expiration date, you may identify them anywhere you want to on the
form. If you do not include the CAGE code and expiration date and the
DUNS number in your application, it will not be considered for funding.
     SF-424A, ``Budget Information-Non-Construction Programs.''
This form must be completed and submitted as part of the application
package.
     SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.'' This
form must be completed, signed, and submitted as part of the
application package.
     Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony
Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you
are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles
of incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the
Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic
of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United
States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, the Commonwealth
of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin
Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.
     You must certify that there are no current outstanding
Federal judgments against your property and that you will not use grant
funds to pay for any judgment obtained by the United States. To satisfy
the Certification requirement, you should include this statement in
your application: ``[INSERT NAME OF APPLICANT] certifies that the
United States has not obtained an unsatisfied judgment against its
property and will not use grant funds to pay any judgments obtained by
the United States.'' A separate signature is not required.
     Executive Summary and Abstract. A one-page Executive
Summary containing the following information: Legal name of applicant
entity, application type (planning or working capital), applicant type,
amount of grant request, a summary of your project, and whether you are
submitting a simplified application, and whether you are requesting
Reserved Funds. Also include a separate abstract of up to 100 words
briefly describing your project.
     Eligibility discussion.
     Work plan and budget.
     Performance evaluation criteria.
     Proposal evaluation criteria.
     Certification and verification of matching funds.
     Reserved Funds and Priority Point documentation (as
applicable).
     Appendices containing required supporting documentation.

3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System
for Awards Management (SAM)

In order to be eligible (unless you are excepted under 2 CFR
25.110(b), (c) or (d), you are required to:
    (a) Provide a valid DUNS number in your application, which can be
obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711;
    (b) Register in SAM before submitting your application. You may
register in SAM at no cost at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/;
and
    (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which you have an active Federal award
or an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding
agency.
    The Agency may not make a Federal award to you until you have
complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements. If you have not
fully complied with the requirements, the Agency may determine that the
applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and the Agency
may use that determination as a basis for making an award to another
applicant. Please refer to Section F. 2. for additional submission
requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program.

4. Submission Dates and Times

Application Deadline Date: July 7, 2015.
    Explanation of Deadlines: Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight by July 2, 2015. The Agency will
determine whether your application is late based on the date shown on
the postmark or shipping invoice. You may also hand carry your
application to one of our field offices, but it must be received by
close of business on the deadline date. If the due date falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the next
business day. Late applications will automatically be considered
ineligible and will not be evaluated further.
    Electronic applications must be received at http://www.grants.gov
no later than midnight Eastern time July 2, 2015, to be eligible for FY
2015 grant funding. Please review the Grants.gov Web site at http://grants.
gov/applicants/organization_registration.jsp for instructions on
the process of registering

[[Page 26531]]

your organization as soon as possible to ensure you are able to meet
the electronic application deadline. Grants.gov will not accept
applications submitted after the deadline.

5. Intergovernmental Review

Executive Order (EO) 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs, applies to this program. This EO requires that Federal
agencies provide opportunities for consultation on proposed assistance
with State and local governments. Many States have established a Single
Point of Contact (SPOC) to facilitate this consultation. A list of
States that maintain a SPOC may be obtained at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/
grants_spoc. If your State has a SPOC, you must
submit your application directly for review. Any comments obtained
through the SPOC must be provided to RD for consideration as part of
your application. If your State has not established a SPOC or you do
not want to submit your application to the SPOC, RD will submit your
application to the SPOC or other appropriate agency or agencies.

6. Funding Restrictions

Funding limitations and reservations found in the program
regulation at 7 CFR 4284.927 will apply, including:
    (a) Use of Funds. Grant funds may be used to pay up to 50 percent
of the total eligible project costs, subject to the limitations
established for maximum total grant amount. Grant funds may not be used
to pay any costs of the project incurred prior to the date of grant
approval. Grant and matching funds may only be used for eligible
purposes. (see examples of eligible and ineligible uses in 7 CFR
4284.923 and 4284.924, respectively).
    (b) Grant Term (project period). Your project timeframe or grant
period can be a maximum of 36 months in length from the date of award.
Your proposed grant period should begin no earlier than the anticipated
award announcement date in this notice, September 30, 2015, and should
end no later than 36 months following that date. If you receive an
award, your grant period will be revised to begin on the actual date of
award--the date the grant agreement is executed by the Agency--and your
grant period end date will be adjusted accordingly. Your project
activities must begin within 90 days of that date of award. The length
of your grant period should be based on your project's complexity, as
indicated in your application work plan. For example, it is expected
that most planning grants can be completed within 12 months.
    (c) Program Income. If Program Income is earned during the grant
period as a result of the project activities, it is subject to the
requirements in 2 CFR 200.80, and must be managed and reported
accordingly.
    (d) Majority Controlled Producer-Based Business. The aggregate
amount of awards to Majority Controlled Producer-Based Businesses in
response to this announcement shall not exceed 10 percent of the total
funds obligated for the program during the fiscal year.
    (e) Reserved Funds. Ten percent of all funds available for FY 2015
will be reserved to fund projects that benefit Beginning Farmers or
Ranchers, or Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers or Ranchers. In addition,
10 percent of total funding available will be used to fund projects
that propose development of Mid-Tier Value Chains as part of a Local or
Regional Supply Chain Network. See related definitions in 7 CFR
4284.902.
    (f) Disposition of Reserved Funds Not Obligated. For this
announcement, any reserved FY 2015 funds that have not been obligated
by June 30, 2015, will be available to the Secretary to make VAPG
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4284.927(d).

7. Other Submission Requirements

(a) National Environmental Policy Act
    This notice has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' We have determined that an
Environmental Impact Statement is not required because the issuance of
regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing
administrative and financial procedures for processing, approving, and
implementing the Agency's financial programs is categorically excluded
in the Agency's National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) regulation
found at 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(3) of subpart G, ``Environmental Program.''
We have determined that this Notice does not constitute a major Federal
action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.
Individual awards under this Notice are hereby classified as
Categorical Exclusions according to 7 CFR 1940.310(e), which do not
require any additional documentation.
(b) Civil Rights Compliance Requirements
    All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15,
subpart A) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

E. Application Review Information

Applications will be reviewed and processed as described at 7 CFR
4284.940. The Agency will review your application to determine if it is
complete and eligible. If at any time, the Agency determines that your
application is ineligible, you will be notified in writing as to the
reasons it was determined ineligible and you will be informed of your
review and appeal rights. Funding of successfully appealed applications
will be limited to available FY 2015 funds.
    The Agency will only score applications in which the applicant and
project are eligible, which are complete and sufficiently responsive to
program requirements, and in which the Agency agrees on the likelihood
of financial feasibility for working capital requests. We will score
your application according to the procedures and criteria specified in
7 CFR 4284.942, and with tiered scoring thresholds as specified below.

1. Scoring Criteria

For each criterion, you must show how the project has merit and why
it is likely to be successful. If you do not address all parts of the
criterion, or do not sufficiently communicate relevant project
information, you will receive lower scores. VAPG is a competitive
program, so you will receive scores based on the quality of your
responses. Simply addressing the criteria will not guarantee higher
scores. The maximum number of points that can be awarded to your
application is 100. For this announcement, the minimum score
requirement for funding is 50 points.
    The Agency application toolkit provides additional instruction to
help you to respond to the criteria below.
    (a) Nature of the Proposed Venture (graduated score 0-30 points).
    For both planning and working capital grants, you should discuss
the technological feasibility of the project, as well as operational
efficiency, profitability, and overall economic sustainability
resulting from the project. In addition, demonstrate the potential for
expanding the customer base for the agricultural commodity or value-
added product, and the expected increase in revenue returns to the
producer-owners providing the majority of the raw agricultural
commodity to the project. You should reference third-party data and
other information that specifically supports your value-added project;
discuss the value-added process you are proposing; potential markets
and distribution channels; the value to be added to the raw commodity
through

[[Page 26532]]

the value-added process; cost and availability of inputs, your
experience in marketing the proposed or similar product; business
financial statements; and any other relevant information that supports
the viability of your project. Working capital applicants should
demonstrate that these outcomes will result from the project. Planning
grant applicants should describe the expected results, and the reasons
supporting those expectations.
    Points will be awarded as follows:
    (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address
the criterion.
    (ii) 1-5 points will be awarded if you do not address each of the
following: Technological feasibility, operational efficiency,
profitability, and overall economic sustainability.
    (iii) 6-13 points will be awarded if you address technological
feasibility, operational efficiency, profitability, and overall
economic sustainability, but do not reference third-party information
that supports the success of your project.
    (iv) 14-22 points will be awarded if you address technological
feasibility, operational efficiency, profitability, and overall
economic sustainability, supported by third-party information
demonstrating a reasonable likelihood of success.
    (v) 23-30 points will be awarded if all criterion components are
well addressed, supported by third-party information, and demonstrate a
high likelihood of success.
    (b) Qualifications of Project Personnel (graduated score 0-20
points).
    You must identify all individuals who will be responsible for
completing the proposed tasks in the work plan, including the roles and
activities that owners, staff, contractors, consultants or new hires
may perform; and show that these individuals have the necessary
qualifications and expertise, including those hired to do market or
feasibility analyses, or to develop a business operations plan for the
value-added venture. You must include the qualifications of those
individuals responsible for leading or managing the total project
(applicant owners or project managers), as well as those individuals
responsible for actually conducting the various individual tasks in the
work plan (such as consultants, contractors, staff or new hires). You
must discuss the commitment and the availability of any consultants or
other professionals to be hired for the project. If staff or
consultants have not been selected at the time of application, you must
provide specific descriptions of the qualifications required for the
positions to be filled. Applications that demonstrate the strong
credentials, education, capabilities, experience and availability of
project personnel that will contribute to a high likelihood of project
success will receive more points than those that demonstrate less
potential for success in these areas.
    Points will be awarded as follows:
    (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address
the criterion.
    (ii) 1-4 points will be awarded if qualifications and experience of
all staff is not addressed and/or if necessary qualifications of
unfilled positions are not provided.
    (iii) 5-9 points will be awarded if all project personnel are
identified but do not demonstrate qualifications or experience relevant
to the project.
    (iv) 10-14 will be awarded if most key personnel demonstrate strong
credentials and/or experience, and availability indicating a reasonable
likelihood of success.
    (v) 15-20 points will be awarded if all personnel demonstrate
strong, relevant credentials or experience, and availability indicating
a high likelihood of project success.
    (c) Commitments and Support (graduated score 0-10 points).
    Producer commitments to the project will be evaluated based on the
number of independent producers currently involved in the project; and
the nature, level and quality of their contributions. End-user
commitments will be evaluated on the basis of potential or identified
markets and the potential amount of output to be purchased, as
indicated by letters of intent or contracts from potential buyers
referenced within the application. Other third-party commitments to the
project will be evaluated based on the critical and tangible nature of
their contribution to the project, such as technical assistance,
storage, processing, marketing, or distribution arrangements that are
necessary for the project to proceed; and the level and quality of
these contributions. All cash or in-kind contributions from producers,
end users, or other contributors should be discussed. End-user
commitments may include contracts or letters of intent or interest in
purchasing the value-added product. Letters of commitment by producers,
end-users, and third-parties should be summarized as part of your
response to this criterion, and the letters should be included in
Appendix B. Applications that demonstrate the project has strong direct
financial, technical and logistical support to successfully complete
the project will receive more points than those that demonstrate less
potential for success in these areas.
    Points will be awarded as follows:
    (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address
the criterion.
    (ii) 1-3 points will be awarded if you show real, direct support
from at least one end-user or third-party contributor.
    (iii) 4-6 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, show
strong financial commitment to the project AND measurable commitment or
interest in purchasing the value-added product from at least one end-
user; AND commitment or tangible support from at least one other third-
party contributor.
    (iv) 7-10 points will be awarded if you, as the applicant, show
strong financial commitment to the project, AND participation from
additional producers, AND measurable commitment or interest from
multiple end-users, AND commitment or tangible support from multiple
third-party contributors.
    (d) Work Plan and Budget (graduated score 0-20 points).
    You must submit a comprehensive work plan and budget (for full
details, see 7 CFR 4284.922(b)(5)). Your work plan must provide
specific and detailed descriptions of the tasks and the key project
personnel that will accomplish the project's goals. The budget must
present a detailed breakdown of all estimated costs of project
activities and allocate those costs among the listed tasks. You must
show the source and use of both grant and matching funds for all tasks.
Matching funds must be spent at a rate equal to, or in advance of,
grant funds. An eligible start and end date for the project and for
individual project tasks must be clearly shown and may not exceed
Agency specified timeframes for the grant period. Working capital
applications must include an estimate of program income expected to be
earned during the grant period (see 2 CFR 200.307).
    Points will be awarded as follows:
    (i) 0 points will be awarded if you do not substantively address
the criterion.
    (ii) 1-7 points will be awarded if the work plan and budget do not
account for all project goals, tasks, costs, timelines, and responsible
personnel.
    (iii) 8-14 points will be awarded if you provide a clear,
comprehensive work plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines,
costs, and responsible personnel in a logical and realistic manner that
demonstrates a reasonable likelihood of success.
    (iv) 15-20 points will be awarded if you provide a clear,
comprehensive work plan detailing all project goals, tasks, timelines,
costs, and responsible personnel in a logical and realistic manner that
demonstrates a high likelihood of success.

[[Page 26533]]

(e) Priority Points up to 10 points (lump sum 0 or 5 points plus,
graduated score 0-5 points).
    It is recommended that you use the Agency application package when
applying for priority points and refer to the requirements specified in
7 CFR 4284.924. Priority points may be awarded in both the general
funds and Reserved Funds competitions.
    (i) 5 points will be awarded if you meet the requirements for one
of the following categories and provide the documentation described in
7 CFR 4284.923 and 4284.924 as applicable: Beginning Farmer or Rancher,
Socially-Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher, Veteran Farmer or Rancher,
Operator of a Small or Medium-sized Farm or Ranch that is structured as
a Family Farm, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or a Mid-Tier Value Chain
project.
    (ii) Up to 5 additional priority points will be awarded if you are
an Agricultural Producer Group, Farmer or Rancher Cooperative, or
Majority-Controlled Producer-Based Business Venture (referred to below
as ``applicant group'') whose project ``best contributes to creating or
increasing marketing opportunities'' for Operators of Small- and
Medium-sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as Family Farms,
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers, and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers (referred to below as
``priority groups'').
    (A) 2 priority points will be awarded if the existing membership of
the applicant group is comprised of either more than 75 percent of any
one of the four priority groups or more than 75 percent of any
combination of the four priority groups.
    (B) 1 priority point will be awarded if the existing membership of
the applicant group is comprised of two or more of the priority groups.
One point is awarded regardless of whether a group's membership is
comprised of two, three, or all four of the priority groups.
    (C) 2 priority points will be awarded if the applicant's proposed
project will increase the number of priority groups that comprise the
applicant membership by one or more priority groups. However, if an
applicant group's membership is already comprised of all four priority
groups, such an applicant would not be eligible for points under this
criterion because there is no opportunity to increase the number of
priority groups. Note also that this criterion does not consider either
the percentage of the existing membership that is comprised of the four
priority groups or the number of priority groups currently comprising
the applicant group's membership.
    (f) Priority Categories (graduated score 0-10 points).
    The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10 points
to an application to improve the geographic diversity of awardees in a
fiscal year.

2. Review and Selection Process

The Agency will select applications for award under this Notice in
accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4284.950(a).
    If your application is eligible and complete, it will be
qualitatively scored by at least two reviewers based on criteria
specified in section E.1. of this Notice. One of these reviewers will
be an experienced RD employee from your servicing State Office and at
least one additional reviewer will be a non-Federal, independent
reviewer, who must meet the following qualifications. Independent
reviewers must have at least bachelor's degree in one or more of the
following fields: Agri-business, agricultural economics, agriculture,
animal science, business, marketing, economics or finance; and a
minimum of 8 years of experience in an agriculture-related field (e.g.
farming, marketing, consulting, or research; or as university faculty,
trade association official or non-Federal government official in an
agriculturally-related field). Each reviewer will score evaluation
criteria (a) through (d) and the totals for each reviewer will be added
together and averaged. The RD State Office reviewer will also assign
priority points based on criterion (e) in section E.1. of this Notice.
These will be added to the average score. The sum of these scores will
be ranked highest to lowest and this will comprise the initial ranking.
    The Administrator of the Agency may choose to award up to 10
Administrator priority points based on criterion (f) in section E.1. of
this Notice. These points will be added to the cumulative score for a
total possible score of 100.
    A final ranking will be obtained based solely on the scores
received for criteria (a) through (e). A minimum score of 50 points is
required. Applications for Reserved Funds will be funded in rank order
until funds are depleted. Unfunded reserve applications will be
returned to the general funds where applications will be funded in rank
order until the funds are expended. Funding for Majority Controlled
Producer-Based Business Ventures is limited to 10 percent of total
grant funds expected to be obligated as a result of this Notice. These
applications will be funded in rank order until the funding limitation
has been reached. Grants to these applicants from Reserved Funds will
count against this funding limitation. In the event of tied scores, the
Administrator shall have discretion in breaking ties.
    If your application is ranked, but not funded, it will not be
carried forward into the next competition.

F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices

If you are selected for funding, you will receive a signed notice
of Federal award by postal mail, containing instructions on
requirements necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the
award.
    If you are not selected for funding, you will be notified in
writing via postal mail and informed of any review and appeal rights.
Funding of successfully appealed applications will be limited to
available FY 2015 funding.

2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this
program can be found in 7 CFR part 4284, subpart J; the Grants and
Agreements regulations of the Department of Agriculture codified in 2
CFR parts 180, 400, 415, 417, 418, 421; 2 CFR parts 25 and 170; and 48
CFR 31.2, and successor regulations to these parts.
    In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are
required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and
executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will be required to
have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.
109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are
exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements
can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-
producer-grants.
    The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected
for this program:
    (a) Agency approved Grant Agreement.
    (b) Letter of Conditions.
    (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
    (d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.''
    (e) Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,
and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions.''
    (f) Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,

[[Page 26534]]

Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered
Transactions.''
    (g) Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace
Requirement (Grants).''
    (h) Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by
corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.
    (i) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.''
    (j) SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if applicable.
    (k) Use Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.''

3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be
required to provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:
    (a) A SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report,'' and a project
performance report will be required on a semiannual basis (due 45
working days after end of the semiannual period). For the purposes of
this grant, semiannual periods end on March 31st and September 30th.
The project performance reports shall include the elements prescribed
in the grant agreement.
    (b) A final project and financial status report within 90 days
after the expiration or termination of the grant.
    (c) Provide outcome project performance reports and final
deliverables.

G. Agency Contacts

If you have questions about this Notice, please contact the State
Office as identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. You are
also encouraged to visit the application Web site for application
tools, including an application guide and templates. The Web site
address is: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants
. You may also contact National Office staff: Tracey
Kennedy, VAPG Program Lead, tracey.kennedy@wdc.usda.gov, or Shantelle
Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov, or call the main line at 202-
690-1374.

H. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
    If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor (PDF) within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: April 29, 2015.
Lillian Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-10440 Filed 5-7-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

Lifestyles in brief - Feb. 20, 2007

BYLINE: The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 801 words


Feb. 20--February is Eligibility Worker Month

Shenandoah Valley Social Services invites you to join the organization in
celebrating Eligibility Worker Month this February.

Eligibility Workers are responsible for handling all benefit programs offered
through social services. Some of the eligibility programs offered include Food
Stamps, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), Medicaid, Energy
Assistance and State and Local Hospitalization (SLH).

Miss Blue Ridge Mountains lends a hand

Tara Wheeler, 2006 Miss Blue Ridge Mountains, recently made visits to local
hunger-relief agencies that are members of the Blue Ridge Area Food Bank Network
in Virginia.

First, Wheeler spent time helping with the soup kitchen at Charlottesville's
First United Methodist Church, one of a group of churches providing daily lunch
services for citizens needing food assistance. Wheeler lent a hand to a group of
volunteers, including Ann Brooks, Jack Easton, Christina Gibson and Ed
Hildebrand, to serve soup and grilled cheese sandwiches to a group of 45 people.

Wheeler then helped serve a hot lunch of pasta, green beans and garden salad to
29 more individuals in Staunton during Trinity Episcopal Church's soup kitchen
program, which has existed for more than 30 years.

After helping in Staunton, Wheeler traveled to Lynchburg, where she met with
area kids in the Food Bank's Kids Cafe programs at two sites operated by the
Lynchburg Parks and Recreation Department.

Miss Wheeler will be competing for the title of Miss Virginia in a pageant to be
held in Roanoke in late June 2007. Her Web site is www.taraelysewheeler.com. The
food bank's Web site is www.brafb.org.

Agriculture workshop coming to Verona

USDA Rural Development, in cooperation with Virginia Cooperative Extension,
Virginia Farm Bureau Federation, Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation
and Rural Sustainability, Virginia State University and Virginia Tech, will be
conducting workshops focused on assisting agriculture producers and small
businesses apply for the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) and the Renewable
Energy and Energy Efficiency Improvements (REEP) Grant programs. One of these
workshops will be held Wednesday, Feb. 21, in the Smith Transfer Room West of
the Augusta County Office Building in Verona.

The Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program can be accessed by eligible
agriculture producers or producer groups for either planning or working capital
in a value-added agriculture endeavor. The grant will pay for up to 50 percent
of eligible project costs.

The Renewable Energy and Energy Improvements Grant (REEP) program can pay up to
25 percent of the costs for an agriculture producer or small business to
implement a renewable energy project or make energy efficiency improvements to
their building or processes.

An overview of each program as well as tips for applying for grant funds will be
presented. All meetings will begin and 11 a.m. and end at 2:30 p.m. Lunch will
be served. For further information about the meetings, please contact Laurette
Tucker of USDA Rural Development at 804-287-1594 or Chris Cook of the Virginia
Farm Bureau at 804-290-1111, or visit www.vafairs.org.

The meetings are free. However, registration is required to attend. To register,
please call 804-290-1155, or e-mail vafairs@vafb.com stating your name and the
location of the training you wish to attend.

Exchange Club honors von Shilling

The Waynesboro Exchange Club named Sgt. Steve von Schilling of the Waynesboro
Sheriff's Department as their Law Enforcement Officer of the Year at their
bi-monthly meeting Feb. 5 at Lynn's Pancake and Steak House. Waynesboro City
Sheriff Joe Harris Jr. introduced Sgt. von Shilling to the club, citing his many
accomplishments.

Sgt. von Shilling received a life-saving award in April 2005 for saving a life
while on duty on Feb. 8, 2005. Subsequently, Del. Steve Landes presented him a
House of Delegates resolution for that action. Sgt. von Schilling is a member of
the Waynesboro Police Department's SWAT Team, serving as an assistant team
leader.

The Waynesboro Exchange Club was chartered in 1946 and has recognized an area
law enforcement officer every year since 1965.

Distribution center donates to food bank

Rose Paoletti, human resources manager at Wal-Mart's Mount Crawford distribution
center, recently processed a $2,000 gift for the Blue Ridge Area Food Bank,
headquartered in nearby Verona.

The Food Bank applied for funding to offset transportation costs for food
supplies.

Copyright (c) 2007, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070220-NX-0220-Lifestyles-in-brief-Feb-20-2007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2007 The News Virginian


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today
announced $11,875,000 in federal funds to upgrade and enhance the resiliency of
select bridges over flood-prone waters in order to protect them against threats
from future, repeated flooding. These funds, allocated through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) to
the New York State Department of Transportation, will cover 100 percent of the
cost for the projects. These fed

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $157,785
in federal funding for Marc Jaffe, owner of Snowdance Farm in Sullivan County
and Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. in Orange County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall.
Specifically, Snowdance Farm will receive $116,322 in federal funds for working
capital expenses related to production and marketing of the grantee's meat and
poultry products. Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. will receive $41,463 in
federal funds to assist with working capital needs associated with their matzo
expansion.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of
New York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This direct USDA
assistance will allow two farms in the Hudson Valley to generate increased
economic revenue by bringing new products to market and expanding their
operations. Helping our local companies grow their business will be a win-win
for our agriculture industry, Hudson Valley consumers, and the entire regional
economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Hudson valley's
agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their crops by
expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This grant award by the USDA will assist our family farm in expanding
its offerings to include value-added products like sausages and pates as well as
enhance our marketing efforts to bring high quality products from the Hudson
Valley to the New York City Metropolitan area,&rdquo; said Marc Jaffe, owner of
Snowdance Farm, a pasture-raised livestock and poultry operation in Sullivan
County. &ldquo;We appreciate Senator Gillibrand's recognition of the important
role that agriculture plays in local economy and are thankful for the USDA's
support."







 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$157,785 in federal funding for Marc Jaffe, owner of Snowdance Farm in Sullivan
County and Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. in Orange County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opport

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $192,000
in federal funding for Trinity Valley LLC Cortland County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall.
Specifically, Trinity Valley LLC will expand the customer base for their line of
fluid milk and milk products produced and processed at the family dairy.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of
New York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This direct USDA
assistance will allow Trinity Valley LLC in Cortland County to generate
increased economic revenue by expanding their customer base and marketing their
dairy products. Helping our local farms grow their business will be a win-win
for our agriculture industry, Cortland County consumers, and the entire regional
economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds through the USDA are an investment in Central New
York's agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their crops
by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;





 &ldquo;The grant that we received is going to be used to help give our business
a boost in production,&rdquo; said Branden Brown, Trinity Valley LLC Processing
Plant Superintendent. &ldquo;As with all small businesses buying supplies and
material to make our products can be very taxing. To buy right and keep costs
down we need to buy in big quantities. Well $10,000 for a load of jugs is not
that easy to come by. The money will also be spent on paying for workers to help
take some of the work load off of our family's shoulders. Seeing we are a fairly
new business marketing and advertising is not on the top of the list, so with
the grant money it will help pay for some of that as well.&rdquo;



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Area farmers get grants for expansion

BYLINE: By, Jim Hook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 422 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Federal grants will help a handful of small local farms
expand their sales and product lines - everything from organic applesauce to
mohair socks to blackberry wine.

Toigo Orchards II of Shippensburg was awarded $250,000, one of the largest Value
-Added Producer Grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Other grants
went to Oyler's Organic Farms in Biglerville, Eleven Oak Farms in Newville, the
Winery at Long Shot farm near Carlisle and Glen Cauffman of Millerstown, Perry
County.

The grant to Tiogo will help the orchard pay labor and marketing costs to
increase the volume of produce that Toigo sells at existing farmers markets and
to grow into new markets. Distribution of locally grown produce will be expanded
to wholesalers, retailers and distributors in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia
and Washington, D.C.

Oyler's Organic Farms is getting a $24,530 grant to expand the production of
certified organic applesauce and increase sales through a marketing campaign.

Eleven Oak Farms will spend a $250,000 grant on professional media and marketing
resources for their custom beef processing. The farm in Cumberland County
produces Blue Mountain Wagyu beef.

A $47,550 grant will allow The Winery at Long Shot Farm to finish and bottle
wine, produced from the farm's grapes and blackberries.

Another $195,000 grant will be used to expand the market for products made with
at least 51 percent Pure American Naturals mohair. Angora goats at Glen
Cauffman's 190-acre farm in Perry County produce much of the wool. Cauffman has
directed farm operations at Penn State University, State College, for 24 years.

Pennsylvania received grant funding for 16 value-added projects and ranked fifth
in the round of grants. The USDA is investing $45 million in 325 projects across
the nation.

VAPG grants help develop new product lines from raw agricultural products or
promote additional uses for established products. The grants help support small
business entrepreneurship in rural America, according to U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding sources
for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack said.

"These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities."

USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill.

Jim Hook 717-262-4759

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Area farmers get federal grants for expansion

BYLINE: By, Jim Hook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 422 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Federal grants will help a handful of small local farms
expand their sales and product lines - everything from organic applesauce to
mohair socks to blackberry wine.

Toigo Orchards II of Shippensburg was awarded $250,000, one of the largest Value
-Added Producer Grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Other grants
went to Oyler's Organic Farms in Biglerville, Eleven Oak Farms in Newville, the
Winery at Long Shot farm near Carlisle and Glen Cauffman of Millerstown, Perry
County.

The grant to Tiogo will help the orchard pay labor and marketing costs to
increase the volume of produce that Toigo sells at existing farmers markets and
to grow into new markets. Distribution of locally grown produce will be expanded
to wholesalers, retailers and distributors in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia
and Washington, D.C.

Oyler's Organic Farms is getting a $24,530 grant to expand the production of
certified organic applesauce and increase sales through a marketing campaign.

Eleven Oak Farms will spend a $250,000 grant on professional media and marketing
resources for their custom beef processing. The farm in Cumberland County
produces Blue Mountain Wagyu beef.

A $47,550 grant will allow The Winery at Long Shot Farm to finish and bottle
wine, produced from the farm's grapes and blackberries.

Another $195,000 grant will be used to expand the market for products made with
at least 51 percent Pure American Naturals mohair. Angora goats at Glen
Cauffman's 190-acre farm in Perry County produce much of the wool. Cauffman has
directed farm operations at Penn State University, State College, for 24 years.

Pennsylvania received grant funding for 16 value-added projects and ranked fifth
in the round of grants. The USDA is investing $45 million in 325 projects across
the nation.

VAPG grants help develop new product lines from raw agricultural products or
promote additional uses for established products. The grants help support small
business entrepreneurship in rural America, according to U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding sources
for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack said.

"These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities."

USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill.

Jim Hook 717-262-4759

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: MDA awards Value Added Grants to 23 Minnesota organizations

LENGTH: 349  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 Twenty-three Minnesota agricultural producers and processors have been awarded
funding from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture's (MDA) Value Added Grant
program. The Value Added Grant program supports projects that will increase the
sales of Minnesota agricultural products through added processing, marketing or
manufacturing. The grant is part of the MDA's Agricultural Growth, Research, and
Innovation (AGRI) Program, which administers grant funding to farmers,
agribusinesses, schools, and more throughout the state of Minnesota.





 By selling value-added products, farmers, producers, and processors can grow
their businesses and create new jobs. The MDA's Value Added Grant Program is
entering its fifth year of supporting new and established for-profit businesses.




 "The Value Added Grant program has allowed us to expand our wine production
capacity by nearly 100% and has helped us to diversify our packaging to include
single-serve bottles," said Tami Bredeson, president of Carlos Creek Winery and
former grant recipient. "The ability to offer single serve bottles has made our
product more appealing to Minnesota restaurants, resulting in a 200% growth in
the number of placements of our wines on local restaurant menus."



 Awardees will use funds to purchase equipment or improve their agricultural
product processing facility to broaden current markets or enter new ones. The
projects will increase the value and sales of a wide range of Minnesota
agricultural products including livestock, soybeans, flaxseed, fruit and
vegetables, and more. A total of $896,425 was awarded in this round with a
median award of $27,300.



 Equipment purchases or physical improvement projects may be eligible for Value
Added Grant funding, and up to 25% of the total project cost may be reimbursed
with a maximum grant award of $150,000 and a minimum grant award of $1,000.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: MDA awards Value Added Grants to 23 Minnesota organizations

LENGTH: 354  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



  http://www.mda.state.mn.us/





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






 Twenty-three Minnesota agricultural producers and processors have been awarded
funding from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture 's (MDA) Value Added Grant
program. The Value Added Grant program supports projects that will increase the
sales of Minnesota agricultural products through added processing, marketing or
manufacturing. The grant is part of the MDA's Agricultural Growth, Research, and
Innovation (AGRI) Program, which administers grant funding to farmers,
agribusinesses, schools, and more throughout the state of Minnesota.



 By selling value-added products, farmers, producers, and processors can grow
their businesses and create new jobs. The MDA's Value Added Grant Program is
entering its fifth year of supporting new and established for-profit businesses.




 "The Value Added Grant program has allowed us to expand our wine production
capacity by nearly 100% and has helped us to diversify our packaging to include
single-serve bottles," said Tami Bredeson, president of Carlos Creek Winery and
former grant recipient. "The ability to offer single serve bottles has made our
product more appealing to Minnesota restaurants, resulting in a 200% growth in
the number of placements of our wines on local restaurant menus."



 Awardees will use funds to purchase equipment or improve their agricultural
product processing facility to broaden current markets or enter new ones. The
projects will increase the value and sales of a wide range of Minnesota
agricultural products including livestock, soybeans, flaxseed, fruit and
vegetables, and more. A total of $896,425 was awarded in this round with a
median award of $27,300.



 Equipment purchases or physical improvement projects may be eligible for Value
Added Grant funding, and up to 25% of the total project cost may be reimbursed
with a maximum grant award of $150,000 and a minimum grant award of $1,000.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $190,000 IN FEDERAL USDA
VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANTS FOR TRINITY VALLEY IN CORTLAND COUNTY

LENGTH: 562 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $192,000
in federal funding for Trinity Valley LLC Cortland County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall.
Specifically, Trinity Valley LLC will expand the customer base for their line of
fluid milk and milk products produced and processed at the family dairy.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow Trinity Valley LLC in Cortland County to
generate increased economic revenue by expanding their customer base and
marketing their dairy products. Helping our local farms grow their business will
be a win-win for our agriculture industry, Cortland County consumers, and the
entire regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds through the USDA are an investment in Central New
York&rsquo;s agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their
crops by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to
drive economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;





 &ldquo;The grant that we received is going to be used to help give our business
a boost in production,&rdquo; said Branden Brown, Trinity Valley LLC Processing
Plant Superintendent. &ldquo;As with all small businesses buying supplies and
material to make our products can be very taxing. To buy right and keep costs
down we need to buy in big quantities. Well $10,000 for a load of jugs is not
that easy to come by. The money will also be spent on paying for workers to help
take some of the work load off of our family&rsquo;s shoulders. Seeing we are a
fairly new business marketing and advertising is not on the top of the list, so
with the grant money it will help pay for some of that as well.&rdquo;



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

MDA awards Value Added Grants to 23 Minnesota organizations

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Minnesota Department Of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has
issued the following news release:




 ST. PAUL, Minn. - Twenty-three Minnesota agricultural producers and processors
have been awarded funding from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture's (MDA)
Value Added Grant program. The Value Added Grant program supports projects that
will increase the sales of Minnesota agricultural products through added
processing, marketing or manufacturing. The grant is part of the MDA's
Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI) Program, which administers
grant funding to farmers, agribusinesses, schools, and more throughout the state
of Minnesota.





 By selling value-added products, farmers, producers, and processors can grow
their businesses and create new jobs. The MDA's Value Added Grant Program is
entering its fifth year of supporting new and established for-profit businesses.




 "The Value Added Grant program has allowed us to expand our wine production
capacity by nearly 100% and has helped us to diversify our packaging to include
single-serve bottles," said Tami Bredeson, president of Carlos Creek Winery and
former grant recipient. "The ability to offer single serve bottles has made our
product more appealing to Minnesota restaurants, resulting in a 200% growth in
the number of placements of our wines on local restaurant menus."



 Awardees will use funds to purchase equipment or improve their agricultural
product processing facility to broaden current markets or enter new ones. The
projects will increase the value and sales of a wide range of Minnesota
agricultural products including livestock, soybeans, flaxseed, fruit and
vegetables, and more. A total of $896,425 was awarded in this round with a
median award of $27,300.



 Equipment purchases or physical improvement projects may be eligible for Value
Added Grant funding, and up to 25% of the total project cost may be reimbursed
with a maximum grant award of $150,000 and a minimum grant award of $1,000.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

MDA awards Value Added Grants to 23 Minnesota organizations

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Minnesota Department Of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has
issued the following news release:




 ST. PAUL, Minn. - Twenty-three Minnesota agricultural producers and processors
have been awarded funding from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture's (MDA)
Value Added Grant program. The Value Added Grant program supports projects that
will increase the sales of Minnesota agricultural products through added
processing, marketing or manufacturing. The grant is part of the MDA's
Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI) Program, which administers
grant funding to farmers, agribusinesses, schools, and more throughout the state
of Minnesota.





 By selling value-added products, farmers, producers, and processors can grow
their businesses and create new jobs. The MDA's Value Added Grant Program is
entering its fifth year of supporting new and established for-profit businesses.




 "The Value Added Grant program has allowed us to expand our wine production
capacity by nearly 100% and has helped us to diversify our packaging to include
single-serve bottles," said Tami Bredeson, president of Carlos Creek Winery and
former grant recipient. "The ability to offer single serve bottles has made our
product more appealing to Minnesota restaurants, resulting in a 200% growth in
the number of placements of our wines on local restaurant menus."



 Awardees will use funds to purchase equipment or improve their agricultural
product processing facility to broaden current markets or enter new ones. The
projects will increase the value and sales of a wide range of Minnesota
agricultural products including livestock, soybeans, flaxseed, fruit and
vegetables, and more. A total of $896,425 was awarded in this round with a
median award of $27,300.



 Equipment purchases or physical improvement projects may be eligible for Value
Added Grant funding, and up to 25% of the total project cost may be reimbursed
with a maximum grant award of $150,000 and a minimum grant award of $1,000.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota: Johnson's Meats receives MDA Value Added Grant

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

The owners of a St. James meat processing company are the recipients of a Value
Added Grants distributed by the Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA).
Dustin and Nicole Johnson are among nearly 50 Minnesota farmers, producers and
processors to receive a Value Added Grant.

The Value Added Grant Program aims to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural
products by helping farmers, producers, and processors add value to their
operations and by assisting entrepreneurs investigating new opportunities or new
enterprises.

The Johnsons say they will use the grant to open a satellite location of
Johnson's Meats processing facility in Windom and hope to hire two full time
workers.

"These grants are helping businesses add value to their operations through
expansions or upgrades," says Minnesota Assistant Agriculture Commissioner
Charlie Poster. "This will lead to an increase in rural economic activities,
generate jobs, and create new businesses."

Examples of the grant projects include creamery production and cheese processing
equipment for dairy farms, high tunnels for extending the growing season on
fruit and vegetable farms, and the purchase of coolers and grinders for meat
processing facilities. Other grantees will use the funds to pay for feasibility
studies and business plans, and to implement methods to increase on-farm food
safety.

The Value Added Grants are made available through the Agricultural Growth,
Research and Innovation Program (AGRI), established by the legislature to
advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable energy industries. Another round
of Value Added Grants will begin later this summer.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota: Welcome Meats expands product line with MDA Value Added Grant

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

A Martin County meat processor is getting an upgrade thanks to a Value Added
Grant from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA). Keith and Sandra
Winter, owners of Welcome Meats of Welcome, Minnesota, are among nearly 50
Minnesota farmers, producers and processors to receive a Value Added Grant.

The Value Added Grant Program aims to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural
products by helping farmers, producers, and processors add value to their
operations and by assisting entrepreneurs investigating new opportunities or new
enterprises.

The Winters used their grant to improve worker safety, upgrade their retail
space and expand their smokehouse to increase their line of meat products.

"These grants are helping businesses add value to their operations through
expansions or upgrades," says Minnesota Assistant Agriculture Commissioner
Charlie Poster. "This will lead to an increase in rural economic activities,
generate jobs, and create new businesses."

Examples of the grant projects include creamery production and cheese processing
equipment for dairy farms, high tunnels for extending the growing season on
fruit and vegetable farms, and the purchase of coolers and grinders for meat
processing facilities. Other grantees will use the funds to pay for feasibility
studies and business plans, and to implement methods to increase on-farm food
safety.

The Value Added Grants are made available through the Agricultural Growth,
Research and Innovation Program (AGRI), established by the legislature to
advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable energy industries. Another round
of Value Added Grants will begin later this summer.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

GROWING ALTERNATIVES

BYLINE: YVETTE C. HAMMETT, yhammett@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 343 words


Federal stimulus dollars are available to farmers who are interested in making
wider use of their agricultural products.

BY YVETTE C. HAMMETT

yhammett@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - Farmers eager to turn their grapes to wine or their pigskin into pork
rinds might get help from the federal government.

The Hillsborough County Agriculture Industry Development Program is encouraging
local farmers to take advantage of about $18 million in U.S. Department of
Agriculture funding to help farmers enter into "value-added" activities.

Value-added farm products are those that expand the customer base for a product.
With strawberries, that could mean turning berries into jam. For pig farmers, it
could mean marketing natural-based pork products.

Value-added producer grants are available to farmers, cooperatives, agricultural
producer groups and producer-based business ventures.

Grants can be used for business planning activities, such as market analyses or
developing marketing plans to improve sales opportunities for agricultural
products.

The maximum planning grant is $100,000. The most money available for working
capital grants is $300,000. Matching funds are required.

"It really is about niche products and ways of marketing your product so it's
not lumped in as a commodity," said Stephen Gran, the county's manager for
agriculture industry.

Hillsborough County and USDA will hold a workshop June 9 at the Hillsborough
County Extension office to explain the grant program and its benefits to
farmers.

"We've been conducting outreach as much as possible to encourage applications,"
said Joe Mueller, of USDA's Rural Development program.

To register for the workshop, call Alayna Shiver at (813) 272-5909.

The deadline to apply for grants is July 6. Applications and rules are available
at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs or by calling Mueller in Gainesville at (352)
338-3482.

Reporter Yvette C. Hammett can be reached at (813) 627-4763.

Photo: (strawberries, grapes and pigs)

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota: Brandt Gardens receives MDA Value Added Grant

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

Brandt Gardens and Greenhouse of Lakefield, Minnesota is among nearly 50
Minnesota farmers, producers and processors to receive a Value Added Grant from
the Minnesota Department of Agriculture. The Value Added Grant Program aims to
increase sales of Minnesota agricultural products by helping farmers, producers,
and processors add value to their operations and by assisting entrepreneurs
investigating new opportunities or new enterprises.

Owner Bill Brandt says the grant will help fund the purchase of produce handling
and storage equipment enabling him to provide fresh local foods to schools and
local manufacturers. Brandt says the expansion will lead to the hiring of four
additional employees.

"These grants are helping businesses add value to their operations through
expansions or upgrades," says Minnesota Assistant Agriculture Commissioner
Charlie Poster. "This will lead to an increase in rural economic activities,
generate jobs, and create new businesses."

Examples of the grant projects include creamery production and cheese processing
equipment for dairy farms, high tunnels for extending the growing season on
fruit and vegetable farms, and the purchase of coolers and grinders for meat
processing facilities. Other grantees will use the funds to pay for feasibility
studies and business plans, and to implement methods to increase on-farm food
safety.

The Value Added Grants are made available through the Agricultural Growth,
Research and Innovation Program (AGRI), established by the legislature to
advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable energy industries. Another round
of Value Added Grants will begin later this summer.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: Snow Camp farm receives state award

BYLINE: Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


April 07--An Alamance County farm is the recipient of an equipment cost share
award from the  North Carolina Value-Added Cost Share program.

Cane Creek Pig Farm in Snow Camp received an award of $16,627. The farm's owners
will be used the money to purchase a combo freezer/cooler for increased meat
storage capacity and adding value-added meat processing equipment to expand the
business' offerings.

The N.C. Value-Added Cost Share Program was created in 2009 when a $1.2-million
grant from the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund Commission was secured by a professor of
agricultural economics at N.C. MarketReady. The program was designed to provide
assistance to producers applying for the USDA Value-Added Producer Grant program
and to assist producers with the purchase of value-added processing or packaging
equipment.

NCVACS awarded $269,883 to 13 agricultural operations across the state this
year. The program is slated to end this year as funding ends.

___ (c)2012 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120407-BT-BRF-Snow-Camp-farm-receives-state-award-0407-20120407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2012 Times-News


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 12, 2013 Sunday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 634  words


Share the Food Foundation gala raises $150,000 to fight hunger in N.C.

CHAPEL HILL - Share the Food Foundation is proud to announce that the foundation
raised $150,000 on April 27 at its Gala Benefit Dinner held at the Weathervane
Restaurant in Chapel Hill. More than 200 people from around the Triangle
attended the dinner.

The event included a night of gourmet food and entertainment, and featured a
four-course meal prepared by the Weathervane's award-winning chef, Ryan Payne; a
silent auction and entertainment by two bands. The food was donated by Southern
Foods and other suppliers, and the event was underwritten by Southern Season and
Betty Kenan. Silent auction items were donated and raised over $23,000.

Share the Food Foundation is a 401(c)3 charitable organization that was
established by Southern Season with the mission of fighting hunger and poverty
in the communities in which Southern Season operates. For more information about
Share the Food Foundation and to access a grant application, please visit
www.sharethefoodfoundation.com .

Youths encouraged to make films

CARRBORO - The Carrboro Recreation & Parks Department Youth Council invites
youths ages 11-18 to produce a short a short film on any topic and submit it to
a new event called 3-Minute Masterpiece. This is a new event designed by members
of the Carrboro Youth Council.

Here's how it works: Make a film on any subject you like, as long as it's
suitable for a family audience. It must be three minutes or less. Selected
entries can range from comedies to dramas, live action to animation, silent to
talkies. Entries must be submitted by flash drive or DVD to the Carrboro
Recreation & Parks Department by May 20. Contact jcollins@townofcarrboro.org for
official rules and entry form. The Youth Council panel will choose its favorites
to show at Friday Night Flicks on May 31 at the Carrboro Century Center. It is
free to enter.

Watch our short promotional video at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hAeN3h0Who.

Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers

RALEIGH - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and USDA Rural Development State
Director Randy Gore have announced grants to four agricultural producers and
rural businesses in North Carolina that will help create jobs and develop new
products, including Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. This
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"These awards will support our rural producers, businesses and the communities
where they are located," said State Director Randy Gore. "These dollars support
our Agency's goal to advance a bio-based economy and support local and regional
food systems."

These awardees have been selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added
Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers increase their
income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing
new uses for existing products.

The awards announced include: Calderon Produce, Inc. in Vale and Sandoval
Produce, Inc. in Hendersonville, NC will each use a $100,000 grant to develop a
business and marketing plan for a food safety program, develop a branding
strategy and implement test marketing. Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro will
use a $14,500 grant to fund a feasibility study to confirm the viability of a
biomass heat-service business model to provide heat services to local
greenhouses and poultry barns using pyrolytic furnaces fueled by woody biomass
produced on their farm. Tate Family Farm, Inc., in Climax will use a $300,000
grant to purchase additional milk from two local farms, to hire sales personnel
and for expansion of their marketing plan.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

FORESTRY GRANTS OFFERED

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 419 words


Urban and Community Forestry Grants of $1,000 to 10,000 will be available to
Oklahoma communities again this year, officials said. The federal grants, which
are administered by the Oklahoma Forestry Services, aim to help communities and
nonprofits develop local forestry plans, broaden urban forestry programs and
provide training opportunities. Applications can be found at
www.forestry.ok.gov/ucf-grant-program. A workshop designed to assist interested
groups in filling out the application will be held at 9 a.m. May 21 at the Will
Rogers Garden Exhibition Building, 3400 NW 36. To register, call 522-6158.

AGRICULTURE FUNDS AVAILABLE

Farmers, ranchers and producer groups interested in diversifying their
production with nontraditional crops, adding value to crops through processing
or marketing, or who are pursuing marketing cooperative ventures, have until
July 1 to complete applications for grants and interest free loans. Under the
program, producers can apply for grants of up to $10,000 to help establish
diversified agricultural projects. Interest-free loans are available for
individuals or producer groups. Applications are at  www.oda.state.ok.us.

SANDLER PLANS CITY OFFICE

Sandler Training said it will open an office in Oklahoma City providing training
in sales, management and leadership skills. Sandler Training has more than over
250 trainers and consultants throughout the United States and Canada. The
Oklahoma office will be led by Mike Crandall, who has held leadership positions
with DeWalt, James Hardie Building Products and Propex. Sandler's methodology
aims to create lasting "performance improvement" rather than a motivational
"quick fix."

ARVEST BREAKS MORTGAGE RECORD

Arkansas-based Arvest Bank, which operates scores of Oklahoma branches, has
topped 50,000 mortgage loans serviced for the first time in the bank's history,
the company said Tuesday. The total value of those loans was more than $5.5
billion. In the past year, Arvest has boosted the number of mortage loans it
serviced by more than 8 percent, and the total value of those loans by more than
13 percent.

FROM STAFF REPORTS

EARNINGS

GLOBAL POWER EQUIPMENT GROUP

TULSA - Global Power Equipment Group Inc. on Wednesday reported earnings of
$11.2 million, or 8 cents a share, for the quarter, compared with $12.6 million,
or 9 cents a share, for the same period of 2009. "Our first quarter results
clearly reflect the benefit of having two platforms in the power generation
industry," Global Power CEO David Keller said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Appetite for acquisitions

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 202 words


MOST senior executives at UK-based food and beverage producers expect merger and
acquisition activity in their sector to increase in the next 12 months,
according to a new report.

Findings from business advisers Grant Thornton suggests that the sector has
recovered quickly from the recession. One in five respondents to its latest
survey said they were planning to broker a merger or acquisition during the next
12 months. By mid-August, only 13 merger and acquisition transactions with a
total value of pounds 113m had been recorded involving food and beverage
targets.

The deal value was low compared to 2009.

Last year, the sector accounted for 27 deals with a total value of pounds
14.3bn.

However, the 2009 result was inflated by Kraft''s pounds 13.7bn controversial
takeover of Cadbury.

Ian Marwood, corporate finance partner for Grant Thornton in West Yorkshire,
said the sector had faced particular problems over the past few years.

"Food and beverage producers had to digest sharp increases in input prices in
2007 and 2008, leaving the survivors in good shape to bear the recession." he
said.

"Most producers are already targeting growth, while 43% of our respondents are
still cutting costs."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times-Journal

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 5, 2009

Value added producer workshop set for Hermiston

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 305  words


The Columbia-Blue

Mountain Resource

Conservation and Development (RC&D) Council has selected Aaron Reyna as the new
Outreach Coordinator. As the Outreach Coordinator, Reyna will work to spread
awareness about the opportunities and services provided by the RC&D.
Specifically, he will work with small, socially disadvantaged and beginning
farmers and ranchers, as well as local producers who are interested value added
production and grant packaging for renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects.

Reyna grew up in Salem and graduated from the University of Oregon with a
Bachelors Degree in Geography. He's an intern with the Resource Assistance in

Rural Environments program.

"I am excited to be working and living in Eastern Oregon," states Reyna. "I
believe strongly in the idea of service and I am honored to have the opportunity
to apply this conviction in the community in which I live. I plan to eventually
earn a Masters Degree in the Planning, Public Policy, and Management program at
the University of Oregon."

Reyna is currently working on putting together a value-added producer workshop
which will feature information on different product certifications such as
Salmon Safe and Oregon Tilth. Representatives from the Oregon Department of
Agriculture will conduct a food safety training workshop, Rural Development
staff will provide information about the Value-added Producer Grant and a
Natural Resource Conservation Service representative will be there to talk about
the conservation innovation grants.

This event will be held at the Blue Mountain Community College West Campus in
Hermiston Thursday, Feb. 12,4 to 9 p.m. This is a free event and food and
beverages will be provided. For more information about the value added
producer's workshop contact Aaron Reyna, 541-278-8049, ext. 141, or by email,
areyna@uoregon.edu

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 The Times-Journal


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Smallholder

                                August 24, 2009

£3.7 million in rural grants available in the North West

SECTION: SMALLHOLDER NEWS (SM SMALLHOLDER NEWS)

LENGTH: 611 words


The Northwest Regional Development Agency (NWDA) is pleased to announce that
rural businesses, farms and community ventures based in Greater Manchester and
Cheshire can apply for £3.7 million in grants.

Eligible bodies should submit an Expression of Interest (EoI) to the NWDA for
projects which will boost the rural economy.

The NWDA is releasing the funding from the Rural Development Programme for
England (RDPE), a programme running from 2007-2013 which aims to transform the
rural economy and is jointly funded by Defra and the European Union, and managed
by the NWDA.

David Hunter, Head of Rural Development at the NWDA, said: "RDPE in the
Northwest is a significant investment which is working to build a sustainable
future for our rural areas. In order for significant change to take place we
need to support projects which will complement our goals to improve
productivity, increase diversification and lead to long-term positive change.

"This grant money can make a huge difference and I would urge eligible
rurally-based businesses, farmers and social organisations to take advantage of
the opportunities this new grant money can provide, particularly during this
tough economic climate."

Grants are available for projects under four key aims: 1. New ways to add value
to farm and forestry products.

2. Cooperating on the research and development of new products and processes. *
3. Helping farms to diversify into non-agricultural activities 4. Creating and
developing small rural businesses The range of grant available will be from
£5,000 to £100,000 for Cheshire. The maximum grant for Greater Manchester is
£20,000.

1. New ways to add value to farm and forestry products.

This is targeted mainly at producers of the primary products of farming and
forestry, but can benefit others in the supply chain, such as small businesses
which buy local produce and use it to create something else with a higher value.

Example: A small business may buy local milk and turn it into ice-cream or a
horticultural business might require a new low energy processing and packaging
system to increase the value of their product.

2. Cooperating on the research and development of new products and processes Two
or more farming, food and forestry businesses will be involved; these will be
producers, processors and other partners in a supply chain. Primary producers
must always be involved and benefit from the cooperation.

Example: A forestry business and a processor might apply for grant aid to trial
new uses for wood. In this case, the costs of testing out a new treatment
process and design costs, legal (transaction) fees and purchase of equipment may
be supported 3. Farm Diversification These projects may include farm shops,
equine, environmental services, leisure activities. Funding can cover renovation
and new build of small rural buildings for diversified use (not core
agriculture) as office or workspace or other diversification projects. A broad
range of projects will be considered.

4. Creating and developing small rural businesses Rural micro-enterprises (less
than 10 workers and less than (EURO)2m turnover) can apply. A broad range of
projects will be considered.

Greater Manchester will benefit from around £600,000 while Cheshire will be able
to apply for around £3.1 million.

Organisations and businesses interested in applying are asked to look on the
NWDA website at www.nwda.co.uk/rdpedirect for full details of each project,
information on eligibility and how to apply.

This funding is available only in those parts of Cheshire and Greater Manchester
which are not already covered by a Local Action Group.

*Not currently available in Greater Manchester

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                          December 28, 2011 Wednesday

Agency gives $8,000 to Kent Island winery;
Grant program helps agriculture producers expand their efforts

BYLINE: SHANTE WOODARDS; Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 489  words


Mark Cascia Vineyards soon will be able to produce more of its Queen Anne's
Reserve, thanks to a state grant.

The Stevensville vineyard is one of 13 agriculture businesses statewide that
recently received funding from the Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based
Industry Development Corp. Last year, the agency established a grant program to
help agriculture producers expand their business.

Mark Cascia Vineyards will get $8,000, which will be used to help buy two
fixed-top tanks with cooling jackets and two variable-capacity tanks for
winemaking. The tanks will be used in part to help make popular blends such as
the Queen Anne's Reserve, a red wine made with five kinds of grapes.

"I do a number of different blends, and the tank defines the amount I can make,"
Cascia said. "I needed larger tanks to meet the increased production demands
that I have."

The agency's Maryland Value Added Producer Grant - Capital Assets Option program
received 19 project proposals and accepted 13, translating into $195,500 in
grants. The program is geared toward agricultural cooperatives, seafood
processors, timber products processors, and crop or livestock producers or
processors.

The selected businesses can receive up to $20,000 to pay for facilities or
equipment, such as farm structures or manure digesters, to improve their
operations. Recipients were required to provide a 100 percent cash match. The
average award was about $15,000.

Applicants were required to show that a product is "value added" and would spur
job creation and retention in rural and urban-edge communities, state officials
said.

Cascia Vineyards was one of two wineries to receive grants. Baltimore County's
Boordy Vineyards will use its grant to buy software and equipment that will
allow it to run a marketing campaign for Maryland-grown grapes.

Elsewhere in the state, the money also will be used to install a commercial
kitchen on a Harford County dairy farm, develop a farm retail-agri-tourism
facility in Frederick County, and complete a nature maze trail for a Christmas
tree farm in Frederick County.

"It can be quite a lot of work, but value-added processing is a viable way for
farmers to find new markets for their products, increase farm-gate revenues,
expand local job opportunities and help sustain agricultural operations for the
next generation," Steve McHenry, the development corporation's executive
director, said in a statement.

Cascia estimates that the new tanks will cost $16,000. Their uses include
fermentation and aging.

Some wines require barrels and some call for the stainless steel tanks. The
500-gallon tanks he had were always full, Cascia said. Without the additional
tanks, he would have been limited in what he could produce.

"The state of Maryland is backing wineries and the wineries certainly appreciate
it," Cascia said. "I hope people recognize we can make good wine in Maryland and
it's constantly improving."

---

swoodards@capgaznews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand, Maffei Announce Nearly $500,000 In Value-Added Producer
Grants For Three Farms In Central New York & Empire Brewery In Syracuse

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative Dan
Maffei today announced $499,243 in federal funding for three Central New York
farms and a brewery. Kriemhild Dairy Farms, located in Madison County, will
receive $49,999; Good Life Farm, located in Seneca County, will receive $49,818;
Side Hill Farmer's Cooperative, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$199,426 and Empire Farmstead Brewery, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$200,000. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. The funding will go toward
generating new products, creating and expanding marketing opportunities, and
increasing producer income. In the case of Empire Brewery, the funding will go
toward helping them expand their operation, grow their own hops and bottle their
own beer for the first time.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine," said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds will help three farms in
Central New York expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing
techniques to stay innovative in today's information age. This direct USDA
assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Central New York economy."

Schumer continued, "The craft brew industry is booming in Central New York, and
Empire is one of the breweries leading the way. That is why I stood at Empire
Brewery in July and pushed for this value-added federal funding. Now, with this
funding secured, Empire will be able to create its own bottling facility and
grow its own hops, allowing it to serve as a prime example for a new brewery
business model for operations across the state. This funding will not only allow
Empire to increase its 'farm to bottle' production, but also create jobs in the
region and solidify it as a major economic driver throughout all of Central New
York."

"This is great news for Kriemhild Dairy Farms, Good Life Farm, Side Hill
Farmer's Cooperative and Empire Farmstead Brewery," said Senator Gillibrand,
first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40
years. "We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York. These federal grants will help ensure that our
small farms and independent producers have the resources they need to bring
their products to market and continue to drive economic growth in their region
and across the state."

"Agriculture is a vibrant and critical part of our economy in Central New York,
and we must do everything we can to ensure our farmers and producers have the
resources they need to succeed," said Rep. Maffei. "These important funds will
help farms in Central New York expand their operations and continue to create
jobs in our region."

"We at Empire Brewing Company are delighted to hear the news that our Farmstead
project has been approved for the USDA's Value-Added Producers Grant. Both
Senator Gillibrand and Senator Schumer have worked hard in support of this grant
and for this we are very grateful," said David Katleski, President, Empire
Brewing Company & NYS Brewers Association . "Becoming a first-time farmer has
its challenges, and to tie farming and agritourism to the Craft Brewing industry
is a business model that we are confident the USDA will hold up as an example
for others. This grant allows us to grow both figuratively and literally.
Central New York is our home and we look forward to creating increased
opportunity for jobs and quality products."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, MAFFEI ANNOUNCE NEARLY $500,000 IN VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER
GRANTS FOR THREE FARMS IN CENTRAL NEW YORK & EMPIRE BREWERY IN SYRACUSE

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative Dan
Maffei today announced $499,243 in federal funding for three Central New York
farms and a brewery. Kriemhild Dairy Farms, located in Madison County, will
receive $49,999; Good Life Farm, located in Seneca County, will receive $49,818;
Side Hill Farmer's Cooperative, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$199,426 and Empire Farmstead Brewery, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$200,000. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. The funding will go toward
generating new products, creating and expanding marketing opportunities, and
increasing producer income. In the case of Empire Brewery, the funding will go
toward helping them expand their operation, grow their own hops and bottle their
own beer for the first time.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine," said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds will help three farms in
Central New York expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing
techniques to stay innovative in today's information age. This direct USDA
assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Central New York economy."

Schumer continued, "The craft brew industry is booming in Central New York, and
Empire is one of the breweries leading the way. That is why I stood at Empire
Brewery in July and pushed for this value-added federal funding. Now, with this
funding secured, Empire will be able to create its own bottling facility and
grow its own hops, allowing it to serve as a prime example for a new brewery
business model for operations across the state. This funding will not only allow
Empire to increase its 'farm to bottle' production, but also create jobs in the
region and solidify it as a major economic driver throughout all of Central New
York."

"This is great news for Kriemhild Dairy Farms, Good Life Farm, Side Hill
Farmer's Cooperative and Empire Farmstead Brewery," saidSenator Gillibrand,
first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40
years. "We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York. These federal grants will help ensure that our
small farms and independent producers have the resources they need to bring
their products to market and continue to drive economic growth in their region
and across the state."

"Agriculture is a vibrant and critical part of our economy in Central New York,
and we must do everything we can to ensure our farmers and producers have the
resources they need to succeed," said Rep. Maffei."These important funds will
help farms in Central New York expand their operations and continue to create
jobs in our region."

"We at Empire Brewing Company are delighted to hear the news that our Farmstead
project has been approved for the USDA's Value-Added Producers Grant. Both
Senator Gillibrand and Senator Schumer have worked hard in support of this grant
and for this we are very grateful," said David Katleski, President, Empire
Brewing Company & NYS Brewers Association . "Becoming a first-time farmer has
its challenges, and to tie farming and agritourism to the Craft Brewing industry
is a business model that we are confident the USDA will hold up as an example
for others. This grant allows us to grow both figuratively and literally.
Central New York is our home and we look forward to creating increased
opportunity for jobs and quality products."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, MAFFEI ANNOUNCE NEARLY $500,000 IN VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER
GRANTS FOR THREE FARMS IN CENTRAL NEW YORK & EMPIRE BREWERY IN SYRACUSE

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative Dan
Maffei today announced $499,243 in federal funding for three Central New York
farms and a brewery. Kriemhild Dairy Farms, located in Madison County, will
receive $49,999; Good Life Farm, located in Seneca County, will receive $49,818;
Side Hill Farmer's Cooperative, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$199,426 and Empire Farmstead Brewery, located in Onondaga County, will receive
$200,000. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. The funding will go toward
generating new products, creating and expanding marketing opportunities, and
increasing producer income. In the case of Empire Brewery, the funding will go
toward helping them expand their operation, grow their own hops and bottle their
own beer for the first time.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine," said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds will help three farms in
Central New York expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing
techniques to stay innovative in today's information age. This direct USDA
assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Central New York economy."

Schumer continued, "The craft brew industry is booming in Central New York, and
Empire is one of the breweries leading the way. That is why I stood at Empire
Brewery in July and pushed for this value-added federal funding. Now, with this
funding secured, Empire will be able to create its own bottling facility and
grow its own hops, allowing it to serve as a prime example for a new brewery
business model for operations across the state. This funding will not only allow
Empire to increase its 'farm to bottle' production, but also create jobs in the
region and solidify it as a major economic driver throughout all of Central New
York."

"This is great news for Kriemhild Dairy Farms, Good Life Farm, Side Hill
Farmer's Cooperative and Empire Farmstead Brewery," saidSenator Gillibrand,
first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40
years. "We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York. These federal grants will help ensure that our
small farms and independent producers have the resources they need to bring
their products to market and continue to drive economic growth in their region
and across the state."

"Agriculture is a vibrant and critical part of our economy in Central New York,
and we must do everything we can to ensure our farmers and producers have the
resources they need to succeed," said Rep. Maffei."These important funds will
help farms in Central New York expand their operations and continue to create
jobs in our region."

"We at Empire Brewing Company are delighted to hear the news that our Farmstead
project has been approved for the USDA's Value-Added Producers Grant. Both
Senator Gillibrand and Senator Schumer have worked hard in support of this grant
and for this we are very grateful," said David Katleski, President, Empire
Brewing Company & NYS Brewers Association . "Becoming a first-time farmer has
its challenges, and to tie farming and agritourism to the Craft Brewing industry
is a business model that we are confident the USDA will hold up as an example
for others. This grant allows us to grow both figuratively and literally.
Central New York is our home and we look forward to creating increased
opportunity for jobs and quality products."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 11, 2015 Monday

Local winery stomps out Hatch Chile Wine

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA
is making $30 million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to
develop new product lines. Funding will be made available through USDA's Value
-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

"Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to grow
their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy. This
support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "This program has had
great success here in New Mexico by helping numerous businesses grow over the
years." Brunner added, "New Mexico Wineries in Deming is an example of one
business we've helped with funds to help them with marketing a new line of Hatch
chile-infused wine." The wine is made and bottled at St. Clair Winery located
east of Deming's city limits on NM Highway 549.

The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2. Also, information can be obtained
by calling the New Mexico Rural Development Business Program office at:
505-761-4956.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector.

Since the 2009 bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill .

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Photo St. Clair Winery in Deming has launched a Hatch Chile
infused wine through federal funding available through the USDA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 28, 2003 Sunday

Agribusiness Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. b4

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: DECORAH, Iowa


Students attend annual dairy event

More than 260 FFA students from 15 schools attended the annual Tri-State Dairy
Expo at the Winneshiek County Fairgrounds on Sept. 9. Students judged four
classes of dairy cattle and various dairy products.

Teams judged cattle in junior and senior divisions. The top senior teams were
from Crestwood, Postville, Dubuque County 4-H and North Fayette.  The Dubuque
County 4-H team members were: Elizabeth Gaul, Carly Gaul, Mark Simon, and Luke
Raven.

Farm Bureau elects executive officers

The Dubuque County Farm Bureau elected executive officers at its annual meeting
Sept. 10 at the Dubuque County Fairgrounds.

Gary Lahr was elected president; Paul Vaassen, vice president; Mike Turnis,
treasurer; Martin Bahl, secretary; and Audrey Waller was elected women's'
chairman. The officers begin their terms Nov. 1.

Illinois offering aid to seal abandoned wells

URBANA, Ill. - The State of Illinois offers financial assistance to seal
abandoned wells. The Illinois Department of Agriculture, the Illinois Water Well
Sealing Coalition and Illinois Soil and Water Conservation Districts offer
cost-share assistance to landowners through the Conservation 2000 Program.

The cost-share amount cannot exceed $$ @500 or 80 percent of the actual cost,
whichever is less.

Applications for assistance are available at county Soil and Water Conservation
District offices before Oct. 1.

ISU Extension sponsors 'Ownership' conference

AMES, Iowa - Iowa State University Extension will sponsor "Farm Ownership: The
Changing of the Guard" Oct. 6-7 at Iowa State University, Ames.

The conference will look at transferring the farm business, the current
situation and what needs to be done for the future.

More information is available at: www.extension.iastate. edu/bfc/Ownership.

Manchester resident re-elected to board

URBANDALE, Iowa - District director elections were held in mid-August for the
Iowa Soybean Promotion Board. Four incumbents and three new directors were
elected.

Incumbent Merle Havertape, of Manchester, was re-elected to his second
three-year term on the board.  He will continue to represent soybean producers
in District 3, which includes Clayton, Delaware, and Dubuque counties.

Incumbent Ed Ulch, of Solon, was re-elected to his second three-year term on the
board.  He will continue to represent soybean producers in District 6, which
includes Jackson County.

The newly elected officers took office when the Iowa Soybean Promotion Board met
Sept. 10.

Applications available for grant program

DES MOINES - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants for fiscal year 2003.
The program is open to independent producers, agricultural producer groups,
farmer or rancher cooperatives, and majority-controlled producer-based
businesses.

The program's objective is to encourage independent producers of agricultural
commodities to further refine their products, increasing their value to end
users.

Grants are awarded on a competitive basis and applicants must provide matching
non-federal funds at least equal to the grant. The maximum award per grant is $$
@500,000.

Grants can be used to develop business plans or to acquire capital for a value
-added business venture or alliance. Priority consideration will be given to
smaller grant requests and projects producing energy from biomass or
demonstrating profitable use of innovative technologies.

Applications should be submitted to the Iowa USDA Rural Development office at
210 Walnut Street, Room 873, Des Moines, Iowa 50309. Application packets are due
no later than 4 p.m. on Oct. 20. For more information, go to:
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/ coops/vadg.htm.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice, Correction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service published a Notice in the Federal
Register on Friday, May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26528), inviting applications for the
Value Added Producer Grant Program. The document contained an incorrect date for
[[Page 27887]] submitting paper applications, as well as an incorrect contact
telephone number. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253, Room 4008--South, Washington, DC
20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374. Correction In the Notice [FR Doc 2015-10040],
published May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26528), column 2, under FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT should read ``Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., MS 3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, or call
202-690- 1374.'' In the Notice, [FR Doc 2015-10040] published May 8, 2015 (80 FR
26530), column 3, under ``4. Submission Dates and Times.'' The first sentence
under ``Explanation of Deadlines'' should read ``Paper applications must be
postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight by July 7, 2015.'' In the
Notice, [FR Doc 2015-10040] published May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26534), column 1, under
``G. Agency Contacts,'' The fourth sentence should read ``You may also contact
National Office staff: Tracey Kennedy, VAPG Program Lead,
tracey.kennedy@wdc.usda.gov, or Shantelle Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov,
or call the main line at 202- 690-1374.'' Dated: May 11, 2015. Chad Parker,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-11742
Filed 5-14-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday

agriculture briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 412 words


Master Gardeners plan Grant County event LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County
annual Master Gardener Volunteer Appreciation Pot Luck will take place at 6:30
p.m. Thursday, Nov. 18, at the Youth & Ag Center at the Grant County
Fairgrounds.

On the agenda are plans for 2011. A slide show will cap the activities for the
year. Also on tap is a new website and members will have a hands-on informal
session on how to use the tool. Participants should bring a dish to share and
the Master Gardeners association will furnish dinnerware and beverage. A brief
business meeting will be part of the agenda. Organizers will accept donations of
non-perishable food items or monetary donation or bounty from your garden for
the annual Grant County Holiday Food Drive. Meeting to focus on value-added
grants MONTICELLO, Iowa - An informational meeting regarding grants for value
-added agriculture projects is scheduled for 12:30 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 23, in the
Jones Regional Education Center at Kirkwood Community College, 220 Welter Drive,
in Monticello. Independent producers of agricultural commodities can apply for a
grant to develop business plans for viable marketing opportunities or to pay
normal expenses associated with a value-added Ag venture. Applicants are
required to match the grant award with non-federal funds. The grants can be used
to conduct feasibility studies, develop business plans, develop marketing plans
or conduct other types of studies to help establish a viable value-added
business venture. The grants also can be used to establish working capital
accounts to operate the venture and pay the normal expenses associated with the
operation of the venture. Examples of previous grant recipients in Iowa include
wineries, cheese and milk processors and specialty meat producers. Course
offered for pesticide applicators The Dubuque County Iowa State University
Extension office on U.S. 20 west of Dubuque will host a Pest Control Operators
Continuing Instructional Course for commercial pesticide applicators on
Wednesday, Dec. 1. The program will be given at locations across Iowa through
the ISU Extension Pest Management and the Environment program. Registration
begins at 8:30 a.m., followed by sessions from 9 to 11:30 a.m. The registration
fee is $60 on or before Nov. 24 and $70 after Nov. 24. To register or to obtain
additional information about the course, contact Trish Driscoll at the Dubuque
County Extension office, 563-583-6496. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 25, 2013 Tuesday

Lyle farmer, area ag producers receive state grants for equipment upgrades

BYLINE: Matt Peterson, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


June 25--Adam Franzen was simply in the right place at the right time when he
heard about a grant program that could help his farm.

After taking the initiative to download the application and fill out the
paperwork, Franzen, a farmer from Lyle with a hog facility on his property, was
one of about 90 people to receive assistance through the Minnesota Department of
Agriculture's Livestock Investment Grant Program. More than 300 people applied
for their portion of the $1 million pool of funds, he said.

Charlie Poster and Mary Hanks of the MDA met with local grant recipients on
Monday and toured their facilities and recent site upgrades, including Franzen's
site, where he installed new manure handling equipment and fixed ventilation
systems damaged by weather. The grant covered 10 percent of Franzen's costs on
those upgrades in 2012. Franzen, who grew up on a farm, built the facility in
2007 and houses hogs for a neighboring farm. He said the grants make a noticable
difference.

Overall, the Value Added Grant Program aims to increase sales of Minnesota
agricultural products by helping farmers, producers and processors add value to
their operations and by assisting entrepreneurs investigating new opportunities
or new enterprises. The Livestock Investment Grants are aimed at boosting the
state's livestock sector and helping livestock farmers stay competitive to
ensure Minnesota remains one of the top 10 states in livestock production.

Other southern Minnesota grant recipients included Caledonia's Peter Gengler of
Sno Pac Foods, Dan Erickson of Alden, Michael Singlestad of Waseca and Scott
Wardell of Montgomery Orchard in Montgomery.

___ (c)2013 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130625-1AU-Lyle-farmer-area-ag-producers-receive-state-grants
-for-equipment-upgrades-0625-20130625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2013 Austin Daily Herald


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Grantville pumpkin patch gets grant from USDA

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 660 words


Pumpkins aren't just for carving, and a local pumpkin patch owner has help from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to convince buyers they can use the big
orange fruit in their kitchens.

Gary Star, owner of Gary's Pumpkin Patch, recently received a $44,700 grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture through its "Value-Added Producer" program.
The money will go toward marketing pumpkins as an ingredient and developing
pumpkin-based food products.

"It's going to allow us to promote not only our pumpkins on the farm but also
testing the market for products like pumpkin doughnuts and pumpkin bars," he
said.

The pumpkin patch was one of the seven businesses in Kansas that received a
combined $384,397 from USDA through the 2014 value-added grants. Jessica Bowser,
spokeswoman for USDA's Rural Development programs in Kansas, said the grants
focus on efforts to turn an agricultural product - such as wheat, for example -
into a "value-added" product, such as flour or bread.

Some of the proposals involve changing the physical state of a food product and
then marketing and selling it, Bowser said. Other projects focus on a crop's
renewable energy potential, she said. Most of the grants relate to either
planning or marketing expenses.

Producers can make more money by selling a processed product than by selling the
raw commodity in many cases, Bowser said, but upfront expenses may deter some
from making that change. The grants can help with that, with the ultimate goal
of encouraging the businesses to expand and hire more people, she said.

"We're helping those producers to expand their reach and their financial
return," she said.

For Star, that involves developing recipes using pumpkin to post on the patch
website, www.garyspumpkinpatch.com, and attempting to arrange for a nutritionist
to have cooking demonstrations for visitors to the patch. He said he allocated
about one more acre to pie pumpkins, which weigh about five pounds and are
meatier than carving pumpkins, than he did in previous years so he can sell more
for cooking. He has eight acres with a mix of squash and assorted pumpkin
varieties.

"Increased sales of pumpkins is what I hope for," he said. "We're doing
everything we can to get it going this fall."

Some USDA grant programs involve allotting each state a certain amount of money
to distribute to qualified applicants, but the value-added grants take a
different approach, Bowser said. All applications are processed at the national
level, and money is distributed based on how much is available through the Farm
Bill and how many qualified businesses apply. Last year, Kansas had only one
successful applicant, she said.

The largest grant in Kansas this year went to Wiebe (pronounced Wee-bee) Dairy
in Durham, which received $120,000. Jason Wiebe, who owns the dairy farm with
his wife Sheri Wiebe, said the money will be used for maintenance and operating
expenses, improving cash flow so they can save to upgrade and expand their
cheese plant. About one-third of the milk their cows' produce goes into cheese,
he said, and that is about as much as the plant can handle.

"The money is going to trickle in over the next two years," he said.

Of the seven businesses that received grants, only one didn't involve food
products. AgMark, which was created by three farmers cooperatives and is based
in Beloit, received $75,000 to study the feasibility of converting grain
sorghum, also known as milo, into chemicals, with some going into animal feed.
Most grain sorghum is sold as feed or processed to make ethanol.

Mark Hafliger, commodity manager for AgMark, said technology already exists to
make sorghum into butane and acetane, chemicals that are used in paint and
cosmetics. The question, however, is whether doing so would make financial
sense, he said, and if the study suggests it would, they will use those
conclusions to attract investors.

"It's just going to explore the feasibility of using milo and converting it," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   September 11, 2004 Saturday, FINAL Edition

Value-added food producers to benefit from grant

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Briefcase; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 81 words


More than 100 of Maine's value-added food producers stand to benefit from a
$200,000 Maine Micro Enterprise Initiative grant awarded this month to three
partnering organizations.

Grant recipients - Maine Centers for Women, Work, and Community, the Maine Small
Business Development Centers and the Maine Gourmet and Specialty Food Producers
Association - will use the funds to launch a 15-month statewide initiative to
provide targeted training and business support services.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

NM shrimp farmers net USDA grant

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z6

LENGTH: 587 words


LEMITAR - Lemitar is pretty far from the Pacific, but Tim Ott and Abigail "Judy"
Armendariz are growing shrimp native to that ocean in a climate-controlled
aquaculture plant just north of Socorro.

Their company, Southwestern Seas LLC, has been selling New Mexico-farmed white
Pacific shrimp at the Santa Fe Farmers Market for about a year.

The business partners in late November received a $49,500 value-added producer
grant from USDA that they plan to use to market their unconventional "crop" to
other farmers markets around the state and thus increase sales.

High-altitude 'ocean'

Southwestern Seas received its first shipment of young shrimp in the summer of
2014, when Armendariz's garage served as the nursery. The company then built a
7,000-square-foot facility and equipped it with everything needed to replicate
the saline, sea-level ocean environment where these shrimp typically live.

The shrimp farmers add oxygen to the water in the facility's giant saltwater
tanks so the shrimp can survive at an altitude of more than 4,500 feet. They
keep the building's temperature at 85 degrees and maintain an elevated humidity
level.

Biofilters and recirculators sustain water quality inside the 65,000-gallon
tanks, which are replenished regularly with water from an on-site well.

Ensuring a consistent, naturalistic environment makes it unnecessary for the
company to treat the shrimp with antibiotics and growth hormones and allows the
shrimp to gain weight naturally and remain healthy.

The shrimp spend their first month at the farm in smaller "nursery" pools before
being moved to the larger "raceway" tanks, where they grow to a mature length of
7 inches.

Southwestern Seas sells 40 to 50 pounds of shrimp each week to farmers market
customers in Santa Fe and Los Alamos and to select Santa Fe restaurants.

The owners want to expand their client base and eventually begin producing tiger
and freshwater shrimp.

Grants offered annually

Asian countries produce the vast majority of commercially grown shrimp - usually
raising them in exterior ponds near the ocean.

Southwestern Seas chose to create an ocean-like environment - a habitat free of
contaminants, predators and natural stressors - in the middle of the desert.

The company hopes to recoup that initial investment by expanding its market
reach and thus increasing the efficiency and profitability of its operation.

The USDA's Rural Development program awards value-added producer grants to
businesses like Southwestern Seas on a competitive basis every fiscal year.

The grants provide up to $100,000 for planning and $300,000 for working capital
to help agricultural producers create new products from agricultural - and
aquacultural - materials.

The program gives priority to beginning farmers and ranchers or those considered
socially disadvantaged because of race or gender.

Cost sharing is required: The business owner must match the requested grant
amount, either in cash or in-kind contributions of space, equipment and time.

And applications may only be submitted during the prescribed period. These are
solicited annually through a notice of funding availability published in the
Federal Register. Applications for the annual grant will be accepted again in
October.

For more information about New Mexico's value added producer grants, contact
Eric Vigil at eric.vigil@nm.usda.gov or 505-761-4962.

Finance New Mexico assists individuals and businesses with obtaining skills and
funding resources for their business or idea. To learn more, go to
www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Green Visions awarded grant

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 91 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development has awarded
Green Visions Inc. a $98,312 grant to launch a marketing and promotion campaign
for certified organic pork products. The grant was one of 13 awarded to Iowa
through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program, which was started in 2000. The
total amount of the grants is around $1.2 million. The Value-Added Agricultural
Producer Grant program was designed by Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, to
encourage independent producers to process their raw products into marketable
goods.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

Business Briefs: Monterey County vintners get USDA grant

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 400 words


MONTEREY
Vintners get USDA grant

The Monterey County Vintners and Growers Association has received a $276,084
federal grant to promote a cooperative of local wines across the country.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture grant, which will be matched by member and
in-kind contributions, will go toward marketing up to four wines at each of 12
stores across the country.

All the stores are major supermarket chains, said Rhonda Motil, executive
director of the association.

The Value-Added Producer Grant is the third grant the local association has
received in the past six months. The others were $98,500 for promoting wine
tours and $199,000 for developing a signature series of wines.

The association received a value-added grant in 2006 for $282,000. The grants
are part of the USDA Rural Development Assistance program.

Motil said the grant will go for such things as in-store displays and "neckers"
advertising material on paper around the neck of the bottle.

The promotions will be keyed to the season, and cross-promotions are planned,
Motil said. The Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute and national Pork Board have
indicated a desire to participate, and Motil said she hopes to work with
Monterey County vegetable and fruit producers.

PEBBLE BEACH
Pacific Grove Rotary schedules speakers

The Pacific Grove Rotary Club, which meets at noon Tuesdays at the Inn at
Spanish Bay, will have the following speakers in June:

· Tuesday, Jill Sheffield, executive director, Carmel Foundation.

· June 22, David Yamada, speaking about the Japanese-American community on the
Peninsula.

· June 29, Chris Dalheimer, Pebble Beach Golf Links superintendent, on the U.S.
Open.

Lunch is $20. For reservations, call Jane Roland at 649-0657.

WATSONVILLE
Energy efficiency discussion planned

A seminar on "Energy Efficiency 101" will be presented at 10a.m. Wednesday by
Graniterock, Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Lockheed Martin Aspen at
Graniterock's headquarters, 350 Technology Drive.

The two-hour seminar will cover such topics as rate schedules, demand-response
programs and improvement of plant performance.

Seating is limited to 55. For reservations, contact Janet Erekson at 768-2070 or
jerekson@graniterock.com .

MONTEREY COUNTY
Program director is talk show guest

Jim Vossen, program director for radio stations KYA-AM and KNRY-AM, will be
interviewed on the "WinslowArt" show at noon today on KNRY at 1240 and at
www.knry.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 23, 1993 Thursday

BYLINE: Deena Winter

LENGTH: 305 words


North Dakota has been selected to host one of eight regional cooperative
development centers in the nation. A Regional Center for Rural Technology and
Cooperative Development will be established with an $88,000 grant from the
Cooperative Development Foundation. The foundation is establishing the centers
with a $1 million appropriation from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The center will operate out of the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives in Mandan, which received the grant. It's designed to help
producers form and operate value-added agricultural processing and marketing
cooperatives. ""We're just elated to have one of these centers in North
Dakota,'' said Dennis Hill, executive vice president and general manager of the
North Dakota Association of RECs. Following the lead of the bison cooperative
and processing plant in New Rockford and Dakota Growers Pasta cooperative in
Carrington, Hill said cooperatives are enjoying a rebirth North Dakota. ""We
want to put more profit in producers' pockets,'' Hill said. ""The best way to do
that is to have the producers own the business enterprise that adds value to the
quality products they produce.'' Hill said there's potential for additional
producer-owned cooperatives for cattle slaughtering plants, hog operations,
rabbit producers and feeder operations. The grant includes $15,000 for programs
to educate managers of cooperatives. Jack Piela will serve as the center's
cooperative development specialist. For the past 13 years, Piela has worked in
various accounting and finance positions at Cloverdale Foods in Mandan, most
recently serving as the company's chief financial office. He began working for
the cooperative development center earlier this month. Piela will work with
producer groups to help develop more member-owned enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

Wine producers are being invit...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 116 words


Wine producers are being invited to take part in consultation on the Australian
Government's $10 million Wine Tourism and Cellar Door Grant programme.

"The Government wants to support producers who add value and contribute to their
communities by encouraging visitors to wine regions," Revenue Minister Kelly
O'Dwyer said.

Assistant Minister for Agriculture Senator Anne Ruston said eligible producers
will be able to access an annual grant of up to $100,000 per annum for their
eligible sales. "It's also one of the only agriculture-based industries where
the majority of the value chain is located in Australia." The value of
Australian wine exports increased by 7 per cent to $2.22 billion in 2016.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 27, 2004 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Iowa


Area teams shine at Dairy Quiz Bowl

The Delaware County Senior Dairy Quiz Bowl Team placed first in the annual 4-H
Youth Dairy Quiz Bowl on June 10 at Starmont High School.

The members of the Delaware County team will represent Iowa 4-H at the National
4-H Dairy Quiz Bowl in Louisville, Ky., in November.

Senior Delaware County team members include Katie Hoffmann, of Earlville, Kelly
Freiburger, of Delhi, Jessica Tekippe, of Manchester, and Abby Saunders, of
Ryan. They are coached by Jennifer Kunde and Katie Freiburger.

Dubuque County won the junior division. Team members include Jessie Hammerand
and Scottie Wolf, both of Bankston, and Carly Gaul and Hanns Gaul, both of
Peosta.

The Intermediate Division winners also were from Dubuque County. Team members
included Luke Rauen and Mark Simon, both of Farley, Elizabeth Gaul, of Peosta,
and Ted Wolf, of Bankston. The Dubuque County teams were coached by Kim Wolf and
Dee Gaul.

Grazing school slated

LANCASTER, Wis. - The final Wisconsin Grazing School for 2004 is scheduled for
July 9-10 at the University of Wisconsin Lancaster Research Station. The
Wisconsin Grazing Schools teach producers the basics of management intensive
grazing with field exercises and in-depth discussions covering both agronomic
and livestock topics related to grazing and beef production.

Cost of the school is $$ @100 per farm or ranch. For a brochure and registration
information, contact Rhonda Gildersleeve, University of Wisconsin Extension, at
608/935-0391.

Grant funding available

CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Farmers, producer groups and agricultural cooperatives can vie
for their share of $$ @13.2 million in grant funding from USDA Rural
Development. The grants will support the development of value-added agriculture
business ventures.

Grants are available to independent producers, agricultural producer groups,
farmer or rancher cooperatives and majority-controlled producer-based business
ventures to fund planning activities or acquire working capital to operate a
value-added business venture.

Applications must be submitted on paper or electronically no later than July 30.
Detailed information on the grant application and program requirements can be
found at: www.rurdev.usda.gov.

Galena events planned

GALENA, Ill. - A horse training demonstration, farm tour and pasture walk will
be held at 4:30 p.m. July 6 at the Green Valley Farm, 1494 South Irish Hollow
Road, Galena.

The cost is $$ @5 per person at the door. Children 12 and younger will be
admitted free.

Field day scheduled

LANCASTER, Wis. - A soybean aphid management field day will be held Thursday at
the University of Wisconsin Lancaster Agricultural Research Station. For more
information, call 608/723-2580.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            East Anglian Daily Times

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

Squeeze to tighten on food producers

BYLINE: Duncan Brodie

SECTION: BIZZ

LENGTH: 320 words


FOOD and drink producers in the eastern region who are unable to adapt to a
changing marketplace of rising input costs and shifting consumer trends will
face tough times ahead, warns a new report from business advisers Grant Thornton
East Anglia.



With household budgets set to be squeezed further by rising tax, inflation and
unemployment, the region's producers should focus on delivering value if they
are to win customers, says the report.

It also warns that businesses should maintain sustainable debt levels and build
a flexible, efficient, low cost manufacturing base capable of adapting to a
volatile market.

The report points to the 83% share of the grocery market held by the top five
supermarkets and says that, with their increasing reluctance to pass on cost
rises to hard pressed consumers, the region's producers may also suffer if they
are not willing to deliver on supermarkets' terms.

Paul Naylor, partner at Grant Thornton East Anglia, said: "The major
supermarkets are constantly widening their range of own brand products and with
the much publicised supermarket 'price wars', the rise in heavy consumer
discounts such as 'buy one get two free offers' will undoubtedly continue.

"This puts immense pressure on manufacturers and producers as the supermarkets
will not accept prices that consumers are not willing to pay, squeezing margins
to critically low levels."

The report also suggests that as supermarkets are developing private/own label
ranges to cater for every price point, branded producers must invest in new
product development to cater for changing consumer needs if they are to compete
viably. This includes focusing on value rather than premium goods, healthy,
local, green and ethically produced products.

And a forecast rise in input costs adds further gloom to the picture for East
Anglian producers, especially if supermarkets refuse to accept the resulting
price rises, warns the report.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

SHAHEEN, VILSACK HIGHLIGHT IMPORTANCE OF USDA PROGRAMS TO RURAL NEW HAMPSHIRE
JOBS, ECONOMY

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today
visited Miles Smith Farm to discuss how the Value Added Producers Grant (VAPG)
program and other United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) programs will
promote economic activity in rural New Hampshire and help create jobs. Shaheen
and Vilsack announced that Miles Smith Farm will receive a $127,000 grant
through the VAPG program which was reauthorized in the 2014 Farm Bill, giving
Miles Smith Farm important working capital for producing and distributing their
products. The USDA estimates that as a result of the investment, Miles Smith
Farm will see an increase in revenues as a result of 10 new retail outlets
carrying their products.

New Hampshire has 4,391 farms across 474,065 acres and sales of agricultural
products contributed nearly $184 million to New Hampshire's economy in 2012.

"Agriculture is a critical part of New Hampshire's economy, which is why I have
worked hard to make sure New Hampshire's vibrant agricultural sector receives
the support it needs to thrive," Shaheen said. "The bipartisan 2014 Farm Bill
will support New Hampshire jobs and help our economy grow with significant
investments in programs that support farmers, particularly grant programs like
the Value Added Grant Program that help small farms to grow and promote job
creation. I'll continue to fight for Granite State farmers because I know
supporting New Hampshire's agricultural sector is good for New Hampshire jobs
and our state's economy."

"Value-Added Producer Grants enable small businesses to turn raw products that
sell at commodity prices into a finished product that provides a higher return,"
Vilsack said. "USDA is helping producers brand, package, and market products
that diversify our local food systems and grow rural economies. These efforts
put more people to work in New Hampshire's agriculture sector while connecting
more consumers to the Granite State's farmers. The new Farm Bill will provide
even more of these opportunities in rural communities here and across the
country. Senator Shaheen's leadership has helped pass this bill and other
legislation critical to rural New Hampshire's economy."

For further information please visit: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 2, 2007 Friday

Federal grants to help Utah farmers

BYLINE: By Dawn House The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 201 words


Federal money is coming into Utah, thanks to a couple of grant programs.

The U.S. Agriculture Department said 37 states have been selected to receive a
total of $18.2 million for renewable-energy and energy-efficiency projects.

In Alta, Cottonwood Hydro Inc. was awarded $250,000 to assist farmers and rural
small businesses in developing renewable-energy systems, and for making energy
improvements in its operation.

Also, acting Agriculture Secretary Chuck Conner announced the selection of 162
recipients in 40 states and Puerto Rico to receive $22.7 million through the
Value-Added Producer Grant program.

"A value-added product is created when a producer takes an agricultural
commodity, such as milk or vegetables, and processes or prepares it in a way
that increases its value to consumers," said Jack Cox, Utah state director for
Rural Development.

In Mount Pleasant, Kenneth Darrel Palmer of JDP ranch was selected to receive an
award of $13,400 to direct market frozen natural beef. Stephen T. Gillmor Sheep
Co. of Delta received an award of $225,000 for an Aussie-and-Scottish style meat
pie aimed at the ready-to-eat foods market.

More online

* For information on the grants, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Don't have a cow -- this is serious

BYLINE: Lynn Grant, Calgary Herald

SECTION: Q: QUERIES - QUIBBLES - QUIRKS; Inbox: Your Space - Your Time; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 229  words


Re: "Critics raise stink as governments fund studies of cows' flatulence," Sept.
13.

This cow emissions study is producing value for producer and taxpayer dollars.
Increasing the efficiency of how cattle digest their food decreases greenhouse
gas emissions. The scientists were also investigating how best to store carbon
in native grasslands, which contributes to healthy grassland and increased
wildlife habitat.

This research used an innovative collar to measure the methane released as the
cow grazed on different types of grass managed in different rotations. It wasn't
a gas mask. The information helps producers' efforts to improve production
practices and reduce emissions.

The original story appeared in the Summer 2007 issue of The Furrow. This
publication reaches nearly every North American farmer and rancher.

Lorne McClinton, who wrote the original article, and the publisher, John Deere,
a well-known machinery manufacturer, should be commended for recognizing the
value of this research to producers.

Canadian cattle producers support efficient and effective use of taxpayers'
dollars.

This research puts scientific fact into climate change discussion and creates a
win for all: wildlife habitat, ecosystem functioning, economic health and rural
culture.

Lynn Grant,

Val Marie, Sask.

Lynn Grant chairs the environment committee for the Canadian Cattlemen's
Association.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Cow emissions are worthy of study, says Lynn
Grant of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $50,000 Value-Added Producer Grant For 5
Spoke Creamery In Orange County

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $49,893 in
funding for 5 Spoke Creamery in Orange County. The funding was allocated through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program and will be used to revamp their marketing strategy to raise brand
awareness and increase sales.  Senator Gillibrand wrote a letter to USDA
Secretary of Agriculture Thomas Vilsack, in support of the application.

"A healthy dairy industry is crucial to New York's economy, and this funding is
exciting news for 5 Spoke Creamery and Orange County," said Senator Schumer. "By
providing funding to help market 5 Spoke Creamery's premium cheeses, this grant
gives one of our prized Orange County dairy farms the opportunity to expand
business and bring more quality products to consumers. This is good news for the
county's dairy industry and good news for the area economy as a whole."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for the 5 Spoke Creamery and will help ensure they get the needed
resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic
growth in their region and across the state."

"5 Spoke Creamery is thrilled to be receiving an award from the Value-Added
Producer Grant program through the U.S. Department of Agriculture," said Alan
Glustoff, Owner and Cheesemaker, 5 Spoke Creamery. "5 Spoke Creamery is a dairy
farm making raw milk cheeses using rotational grazing practices.  We bought this
long dormant farm 2 ½ years ago, renovated the barn and built a cheesemaking
room and excavated to build  an underground, European style cave below. This
crucial funding will be used to develop new types of cheese. We are thankful to
Senator Gillibrand and Senator Schumer for all of their efforts and support."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE NEARLY $50,000 VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANT FOR 5
SPOKE CREAMERY IN ORANGE COUNTY

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $49,893 in
funding for 5 Spoke Creamery in Orange County. The funding was allocated through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program and will be used to revamp their marketing strategy to raise brand
awareness and increase sales.  Senator Gillibrand wrote a letter to USDA
Secretary of Agriculture Thomas Vilsack, in support of the application.

"A healthy dairy industry is crucial to New York's economy, and this funding is
exciting news for 5 Spoke Creamery and Orange County," saidSenator Schumer. "By
providing funding to help market 5 Spoke Creamery's premium cheeses, this grant
gives one of our prized Orange County dairy farms the opportunity to expand
business and bring more quality products to consumers. This is good news for the
county's dairy industry and good news for the area economy as a whole."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for the 5 Spoke Creamery and will help ensure they get the needed
resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic
growth in their region and across the state."

"5 Spoke Creamery is thrilled to be receiving an award from the Value-Added
Producer Grant program through the U.S. Department of Agriculture," said Alan
Glustoff, Owner and Cheesemaker, 5 Spoke Creamery. "5 Spoke Creamery is a dairy
farm making raw milk cheeses using rotational grazing practices.  We bought this
long dormant farm 2 ½ years ago, renovated the barn and built a cheesemaking
room and excavated to build  an underground, European style cave below. This
crucial funding will be used to develop new types of cheese. We are thankful to
Senator Gillibrand and Senator Schumer for all of their efforts and support."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          September 24, 2003 Wednesday

Money available for agricultural entrepreneurs; Farmers are taken on a guided
tour of grants, loans and expertise

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: CASCADE, Iowa


Help is out there for agricultural entrepreneurs willing to take the risk.

A panel of local economic development specialists took farmers on a guided tour
Tuesday of available grants, low interest loans, technical and business
expertise for value-added agricultural enterprises. Farmers and others
interested in value-added agriculture were invited to a meeting in Cascade to
learn about resources available to them.

Money - in the form of local, state and federal grants and loans - is available
for good ideas, said Warren Johnson, with the Limestone Bluffs Resource
Conservation and Development Area.

"Any good, sound project should have the resources to support it if it makes
sense," Johnson said.

The idea behind the programs is to return more income to farmers and their
communities through processing or marketing of farm commodities. But such
projects are often expensive, and the loans and grants provide at least some of
the seed money.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants can be used to conduct feasibility studies, develop business
plans, develop marketing plans, or conduct other types of studies to help
establish a viable value-added business venture. The grants, up to $$ @500,000,
also can be used to establish working capital accounts to operate the venture
and pay the normal expenses associated with the operation.

Last year, the federal government approved $$ @5.6 million in grants for Iowa
value-added projects.

"We got a lot of good projects that were funded last year," said Tom Miller,
Rural Development Cooperative Specialist with the Agriculture Department. "I
anticipate it's going to be competitive, but we did pretty well because we are
usually more prepared than other states."

Miller said grant money can be used for feasibility studies, marketing plans,
business plans and legal evaluations. The funds also can be used for working
capital if a business is already established. Independent producers,
agricultural producer groups, farmer or rancher cooperatives, and
majority-controlled producer-based businesses are eligible.

The deadline to apply for the federal grants is Oct. 20.

Resources are also available through the Iowa Department of Economic
Development, Johnson said.

On a local level, Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development offers
the Rural Business Enterprise Revolving Loan Program for new or expanding value
-added agricultural small businesses in Dubuque, Jackson, Delaware, Jones,
Cedar, and Clinton counties.

Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric Cooperative also administers a revolving loan
fund for similar projects. Patty Manual, with Maquoketa Valley, said the loans
can be used for business start-ups, equipment, property and other related
expenses, she said.

<hr>

News You Can Use

For more information on value-added agricultural resources:

* USDA Rural Development

563/886-6061

* Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation and Development Area

563/652-5104

For more information on value-added resources, see these Web sites:

* Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Agricultural Product Market
Development Grants Program www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

* Iowa Department of Economic Development

www.iowasmart.com/services/ entrepreneurial/vaapfap.html

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Maine agriculture programs suffer under proposed Bush cuts

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 442 words


Although the major farm cuts in Bush's budget affect Midwestern states with
program crops that receive subsidies, such as corn and soybeans, it is the
proposed research, water quality and soil conservation program cuts that will
hurt Maine.

Beyond the cuts to the land -grant research stations, others are:

.  The Environmental Quality Incentives Program, which provides farmers funding
to protect water sources by fencing off streams and lakes, creating manure pits
and developing anti-erosion plans. The proposed cut is $17 million nationwide.
The program also helps blueberry producers with obstruction removal.

.  Agricultural Management Assistance, which provides cost share assistance to
Maine's potato growers to address issues such as water management and quality
and crop insurance. The proposed cut is $14 million nationwide.

.  Natural Research, Conservation and Development, which helps farmers,
particularly blueberry producers, with irrigation. The proposed cut is $26
million nationwide.

.  The Forest Land and Enhancement Program, which provided forestry management
funds. It was funded at $20 million and has been eliminated.

.  The proposed movement of about $300 million from the USDA foreign aid program
to the U.S. Agency for International Development, allowing foreign aid food
purchases from overseas, rather than U.S. farmers.

.  The Renewable and Energy Efficiency Grant Program is proposed to be cut to
$10 million from $23 million. The program provides grants to farmers who make
energy-efficient changes to their operations.

.  The Value Added Producer Grant Program would be dropped from $40 million to
$15 million. The program provides grants to agricultural producers who expand
into value-added products, such as a dairy farmer selling cheese.

.  The Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program, the Enterprise Zone programs and
the Community Food and Nutrition Program are all slated for termination.

All of the amounts reflect nationwide cuts. As figures still are coming in, no
federal or state official could provide the actual dollars Maine would lose in
the proposed cuts.

A change that will benefit Maine is the extension of the Milk Income Loss
Contract for two years, subject to the 5 percent cut for all commodity programs.

MILC kicks in when the price being paid for milk drops below the cost of
production, providing a subsidy for dairy farmers to keep the market on an even
keel.

Julie Marie Bickford, executive director of the Maine Dairy Industry
Association, said the extension "is a win-win for us because there is the
possibility the cap on benefits may be doubled. That would allow more of our
farmers to participate."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             June 12, 2004 Saturday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 437 words


Commodity board

Pantagraph area farmers will be able to elect representatives to commodity
checkoff boards July 6. Voting will occur at affected county University of
Illinois Extension offices.

Candidates include William Markel of Sidell running for Illinois Corn Marketing
Board in Ford, Iroquois, Champaign and Vermilion counties; Mike McElvain of
Heyworth for Illinois Sheep and Wool Marketing Board in DeWitt, Logan and McLean
counties; Wally Denzer of Bloomington for Illinois Soybean Checkoff Board in
Livingston, McLean and Woodford counties; Larry Rhodes of Carlinville for
Illinois Beef Board in Woodford, Tazewell and Logan counties; and Brian Rincker
of Strasburg for the beef board in Livingston, Ford, Iroquois, DeWitt, McLean,
Champaign and Piatt counties.

Write-ins are permitted, but those running for corn or soybean boards must file
a declaration of intent with the Illinois Department of Agriculture by June 29.
Write-ins are not permitted for the beef board.

Absentee ballots are available from IDA. They are due July 2.

Agriculture grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has grants available for rural cooperative
development and value-added agribusiness ventures.

About $6.5 million in rural development grants will go to small, minority
producers running cooperative businesses as well as nonprofit corporations and
colleges/universities. Matching funds are required for eligibility.

The value-added grants total $13.2 million. Priority will be given to applicants
who have at least 51 percent of project costs dedicated to bioenergy. Grants are
available to individuals, ag producer groups and farmer cooperatives for
conducting feasibility studies, developing business and marketing plans and
acquiring capital.

Applications for both grant programs are due July 26. Applications and program
requirements can be found at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

Soybean aphids

Soybean aphids have been detected in fields along the eastern part of Iowa, but
populations remain very small, according to a Growmark Inc. insecticide
technical specialist.

Kevin Black said there's ample time for natural controls to keep populations in
check or even crash. In the meantime, he and University of Illinois Extension
entomologists suggest farmers scout soybean fields.

Focus on the tallest fields and those located close to woodlands. Black
recommends examining the undersides of leaves on 100 plants in several areas of
the field.

Black further suggested insecticide treatment for fields with an average count
of 250 aphids per plant. But he cautioned against being overzealous in treatment
with plants in a vegetative stage.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2008 Friday

Beltrami beef producer receives grant

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Oct. 31--A Beltrami County beef producer is the recipient of funds through the
Minnesota Livestock Investment Grant program, Gov. Tim Pawlenty announced
Thursday.

At the annual meeting of the Minnesota Agri-Growth Council in St. Paul Thursday,
Pawlenty announced the 38 livestock producers who are receiving Minnesota
Livestock Investment grants. The program was created as part of the agriculture
and veterans omnibus bill signed by the Republican governor in May.

Renae D. Saurdiff of Beltrami County will use the grant to improve the farm's
cattle handling system. The only other grant in the region was awarded to Perry
G. Miller and Jill M. Bisek of Mahnomen County for upgrading a barn to improve
operation efficiency and manure management of their dairy farm.

"A big part of Minnesota's economy is tied to agriculture and food processing,"
Pawlenty said. "These grants will help our livestock producers improve their
operations so they can compete, thrive, grow our state's economy, and pass on
their farms to the next generation."

The livestock industry in Minnesota generates $27 billion in annual economic
activity and about 177,000 jobs, up from $10 billion and 100,000 jobs in 2001.

Minnesota Livestock Investment Grants cover 10 percent of the first $500,000 of
investment in the purchase, construction, and improvement of facilities for the
production of livestock. A minimum investment of $4,000 is required. The full
value of the projects described in the approved 38 grant applications is $12.9
million.

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081031-JI-Beltrami-beef-producer-receives-grant-1031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2008


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Local winery recives grant to expand Hatch chile wine line

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


U.S. Sen. Tom Udall, a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture and Rural Development, visited the St. Clair Winery in Deming and
announced a $50,000 grant to help expand production of its Hatch chile-infused
wines and support New Mexico's agricultural industry, which is creating jobs in
Luna County. The funding will help the winery to boost revenues and grow its
customer base for its chile-infusted line of wines by reimbursing production,
marketing and distribution costs.

"St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile-infused wines are a distinctly New Mexican
product, and I'm proud to support funding to help the winery grow its business
and expand the market for this unique specialty product," Udall said.

"Agriculture is an important part of New Mexico and Luna County's economy, and I
was pleased to learn more about the jobs that are being created. As a member of
the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue to fight for resources to
support producers and business like New Mexico Wineries Inc. as they create new
products, break into new markets, and generate tourism that strengthens the
economies of rural New Mexico communities."

The funding was awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products. The grants often support business development for niche and specialty
products in rural communities. Funding for the grant program is authorized
through the Farm Bill, which Udall helped to pass earlier this year.

On the Senate Appropriations Committee, Udall has been a long-time supporter of
USDA Rural Development programs, and he continues to push for investments that
will promote development in rural communities in New Mexico and across the
nation.

St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile line of wines is produced using premium chile
from Hatch Valley, creating a uniquely New Mexican product. The family-owned
winery's vineyard is located 47 miles west of Deming, and the company operates
St. Clair Winery and Bistro locations across New Mexico. Its products are sold
at locations throughout the southwest, and the grant funding will help to
further expand its production and distribution.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Udall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE NEARLY $ 2.3 MILLION IN U.S. DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER FUNDING FOR NEW YORK STATE

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$2,279,655 in federal funding for the State of New York. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) program and will be used to create new products and
improve their marketing strategy to raise brand awareness and increase sales.





 "Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of New
York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine," said Senator Schumer. "This direct USDA assistance will allow
these businesses in New York State to generate increased economic revenue by
bringing new products to market and expanding their operations. Helping our
local companies grow their business will be a win-win for our agriculture
industry, New York consumers, and the entire regional economies."



 "We need our farmers and local producers to thrive if we're going to have a
strong and growing economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This
investment will help our producers receive the resources needed to bring their
products to market and continue to help drive economic growth across the state."




 "Fishkill Farms is thrilled to have our Heritage Cidery project recognized by
the USDA for its significance with the 2016 VAPG grant award. We're excited to
embark on the research, planning and product development that will lay the
foundation for a world-class cidery and tasting room on the farm, producing a
distinctive craft cider with our own organic and sustainably-grown fruit," said
Josh Morgenthau, Owner of Fishkill Farms.



 "We are very excited to be one of the recipients of the 2016 USDA Value Added
Producers grant," said Scott Donovan, owner of BlackBird Cider Works and Donovan
Orchards. "This program will enable Donovan Orchard's, BlackBird Cider Works
operation to access the working capital required to further expand our company's
sales of hard Apple cider and create new employment opportunities with our
company. We would like to thank the USDA for making this program available as it
enables continued growth of our country's agricultural businesses."



 "These awards build capacity and resiliency for our farms. We appreciate the
support of this and other USDA programs in the development of a robust local
food system, reinforcing our rural-urban community relationships by working to
make the connections up and down the value chain with market based
opportunities," said Todd M. Erling, Executive Director of the Hudson Valley
AgriBusiness Development Corp.



 The VAPG program is designed to help boost farms' income and productivity by
increasing access to capital, providing technical assistance and developing new
marketing strategies for independent producers to increase exposure and broaden
their customer base.



 In July 2016, Senator Gillibrand hosted several statewide agricultural
roundtable discussions including one at Fishkill Farms in Hopewell Junction on
specific concerns raised by farmers and producers in preparation for the next
Farm Bill and input on strengthening the long-term viability of farmers and
producers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

LOCAL BUSINESS BRIEFS: Umi opens location in Garrisonville

BYLINE: The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 679 words


Aug. 21--Stafford County residents no longer have to drive to Fredericksburg to
eat at Umi Japanese Fine Dining.

Owner Sony Gao has opened the second location of his popular restaurant in the
Doc Stone Commons shopping center on Garrisonville Road.

It features a modern design and is larger than its Fredericksburg counterpart,
with 5,500 square feet and 230 seats.

City cab companies add GPS dispatch

Hilldrup Taxi and Virginia Cab now use a GPS-based dispatching system, which
selects the closest available cab for customers.

"This means a much quicker response to any request for service," said Matt
Haney, president of T.A.S. Inc., which owns both companies.

He said in an email that response time should now be less than 10 minutes,
instead of the 15 to 30 minutes it previously took cabs to reach customers.

"In addition, in the very near future, for those customers who use iPhones, you
will be able to call a taxi from your phone," Haney said. "You will be able to
select any one of 3 cabs that are close to you and then watch him/her on your
phone as he/she approaches."

Hilldrup Taxi and Virginia Cab have also introduced a new pricing method to
provide what he described as "fair and consistent prices" for customers. Its
regular rates within the city of Fredericksburg, for example, are based on the
three zones and pricing set by City Council, plus a $2.50 gas surcharge. See
pricing details at hilldrupvacab.net.

Program to focus on Ag act of 2014

An information session on changes made by the Agricultural Act of 2014 will be
the focus of a program to be held at 9 a.m. on Aug. 28 at The Meadow Event Park
in Doswell.

The act authorized several new programs and modified many others that will
impact the farm safety net, marketing, conservation, risk management, value
added and energy efficiency programs in rural Virginia.

The Virginia Farm Bureau Federation is hosting the session, which will be geared
toward farmers and farm landowners. It will be held in the park's Meadow
Pavilion.

Area Christmas tree farm gets $200,000

A Christmas tree farm in Mineral has received a $200,000 federal grant to expand
its marketing efforts.

Claybrooke Farm LLC is one of 17 businesses in Virginia and 247 nationwide to
receive at total of $25 million provided through USDA Rural Development's Value
-Added Producer Grant program.

The program helps agricultural producers grow their businesses by turning raw
commodities into value-added products, expanding marketing opportunities and
developing new uses for existing products.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the grants on Wednesday, and
highlighted the importance of rural entrepreneurs to the economy.

Since 2009, the USDA has awarded 863 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $108
million. More than 20 percent of the grants and more than 15 percent of total
funding has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers.

The 2014 Farm Bill increases mandatory funding for the program from $15 million
to $63 million over five years (along with authorizing another $40 million in
discretionary spending).

Neibauer to talk on entrepreneurial success at event

Dr. Chris Neibauer, a longtime Fredericksburg resident who built the Neibauer
Dental Care business from the ground up into a business with annual revenues
exceeding $60 million, will talk locally at an upcoming event.

Neibauer is a dentist, missionary and author, and will talk about what it takes
to be successful as an entrepreneur or professional.

The event, at 6 p.m. on Sept. 16 at Seacobeck Hall at the University of Mary
Washington, will raise money for Startup Weekend and the Made in FredVA contest.
The evening will include a networking reception along with Neibauer's
presentation. Tickets cost $20.

Proceeds will help fund FredXchange's Startup Weekend and the Next Generation of
Business Leaders' Made in FredVA business plan competition, both geared toward
supporting local entrepreneurs.

___ (c)2014 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140821-FB-LOCAL-BUSINESS-BRIEFS-Umi-opens-location-in-Garrisonville-0821-20140
821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2014 The Free Lance-Star


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand, Tonko Announce Over $24,000 In Value-Added Producer Grant
Funding For Farmiemarket Online In Albany County

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Paul Tonko today announced $24,490 in federal funding for FarmieMarket Online,
LLC in the Town of Berne in Albany County. The funding was allocated through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
Program. This funding was created to promote growth for small, independent
producers, but allowing them to generate new products, create and expand
marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall. Specifically,
FarmieMarket Online will these funds to launch a program that will allow
underprivileged consumers to order fresh food online using their Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits. The SNAP program issues monthly
electronic benefit transfers (EBT) that can be used like cash to purchase food
at authorized retail food stores, but many customers cannot use EBT in many
online food stores. This program will allow underprivileged people to order
fresh food online using these benefits, which will then be delivered to their
homes. Not only will this benefit SNAP recipients by allowing them to purchase
fresh food online, but this program will also give federal dollars to smaller
farmers that sell their goods through FarmieMarket Online.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine, and FarmieMarket's innovative approach of selling products from smaller
farms online straight to consumers is significant in today's information age,"
said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds will help FarmieMarket Online in
the Town of Berne further expand its production and increase sales by launching
a program that will allow people who receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program benefits to purchase fresh food online from these smaller farmers that
sell their goods through FarmieMarket. This direct USDA assistance will allow
the company to serve more consumers and generate increased economic revenue,
making it a win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Albany area
economy."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for FarmieMarket and will help ensure they get the needed resources
to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic growth in their
region and across the state."

"As innovation and technological advancements bring family farms and their
customers closer together, it is critical our local growers have the tools they
need to meet the needs of an expanded market. I thank Senators Schumer and
Gillibrand for their work to support New York agriculture and its unique needs
from region to region throughout the state. As the recently passed Farm Bill is
implemented, I will continue to meet with our local agricultural leaders to
ensure Capital Region farmers see success in our area and are able to provide
locally grown products to consumers across New York and the country," said Rep.
Tonko.

"Thank you to Senator Schumer, Senator Gillibrand and Congressman Tonko, as well
as the USDA for helping to support 95,000 SNAP and EBT eligible recipients in
the Capital Region," said Sarah Gordon, Founder of FarmieMarket Online, LLC.

The Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is designed to help boost farms' income and productivity by
increasing access to capital, providing technical assistance and developing new
marketing strategies for independent producers to increase exposure and broaden
their customer base.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $2.3 Million In U.S. Department
of Agriculture Value-Added Producer Funding For New York State

LENGTH: 752  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



  U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$2,279,655 in federal funding for the State of New York. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) program and will be used to create new products and
improve their marketing strategy to raise brand awareness and increase sales.





 "Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of New
York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine," said Senator Schumer. "This direct USDA assistance will allow
these businesses in New York State to generate increased economic revenue by
bringing new products to market and expanding their operations. Helping our
local companies grow their business will be a win-win for our agriculture
industry, New York consumers, and the entire regional economies."



 "We need our farmers and local producers to thrive if we're going to have a
strong and growing economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This
investment will help our producers receive the resources needed to bring their
products to market and continue to help drive economic growth across the state."




 "Fishkill Farms is thrilled to have our Heritage Cidery project recognized by
the USDA for its significance with the 2016 VAPG grant award. We're excited to
embark on the research, planning and product development that will lay the
foundation for a world-class cidery and tasting room on the farm, producing a
distinctive craft cider with our own organic and sustainably-grown fruit," said
Josh Morgenthau, Owner of Fishkill Farms.



 "We are very excited to be one of the recipients of the 2016 USDA Value Added
Producers grant," said Scott Donovan, owner of BlackBird Cider Works and Donovan
Orchards. "This program will enable Donovan Orchard's, BlackBird Cider Works
operation to access the working capital required to further expand our company's
sales of hard Apple cider and create new employment opportunities with our
company. We would like to thank the USDA for making this program available as it
enables continued growth of our country's agricultural businesses."





 "These awards build capacity and resiliency for our farms. We appreciate the
support of this and other USDA programs in the development of a robust local
food system, reinforcing our rural-urban community relationships by working to
make the connections up and down the value chain with market based
opportunities," said Todd M. Erling, Executive Director of the Hudson Valley
AgriBusiness Development Corp.



 The VAPG program is designed to help boost farms' income and productivity by
increasing access to capital, providing technical assistance and developing new
marketing strategies for independent producers to increase exposure and broaden
their customer base.



 In July 2016, Senator Gillibrand hosted several statewide agricultural
roundtable discussions including one at Fishkill Farms in Hopewell Junction on
specific concerns raised by farmers and producers in preparation for the next
Farm Bill and input on strengthening the long-term viability of farmers and
producers.



 Breakdown of USDA funds by region included below:



 NEW YORK CITY



 Eden Works Inc.





 Kings County





 $250,000



 CAPITAL REGION



 King Brothers Dairy, LLC





 Saratoga County





 $250,000







 CENTRAL NEW YORK



 Devine Gardens LLC





 Madison County





 $30,743







 ROCHESTER-FINGER LAKES



 Partyka & Sons Farms, LLC





 Orleans County





 $170,465



 Celk Distilling LLC





 Wayne County





 $200,000



 Donovan Orchards LLC





 Monroe County





 $185,000



 WESTERN NEW YORK



 Hathaway Farms, LLC





 Chautauqua County





 $250,000



 Millitello Farms, LLC





 Chautauqua County





 $41,112



 Niagara Landing Wine Cellars, Inc.





 Niagara County





 $250,000



 Vizcarra Family Vineyards LLC





 Niagara County





 $250,000



 HUDSON VALLEY



 Organic Indoor Gardens Of Poughkeepsie





 Dutchess County





 $49,000



 Fishkill Farms, LLC





 Dutchess County





 $53,625







 THE NORTH COUNTRY



 Thousand Islands Winery LLC





 Jefferson County





 $250,000



 Juniper Hill Farm





 Essex County





 $49,710



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

Brengman Brothers plan Grand Rapids tasting room

BYLINE: Danielle Woodward, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


Dec. 15--TRAVERSE CITY -- Robert Brengman, co-owner of Brengman Brothers winery,
estimates that anywhere from 75 to 85 percent of his customers come from the
Grand Rapids area. The location was a natural choice for a second tasting room.

"It just makes sense to us that if we work hard and impress our customers,
they're going to have an allegiance to the brand," Robert Brengman said.
"Obviously they're not going to drive up here five times a year to pick up their
wine, so we felt it made sense for us to go down there."

Robert Brengman owns the winery, which includes three vineyards, with brothers
Edward and Gerald Brengman. They have not yet decided on a space for the second
tasting room, but expect to have one picked out before the year's end. They hope
to open by spring 2016.

The Brengmans plan to fund the winery with a $250,000 Value-Added Producer grant
from the United States Department of Agriculture.

"The specific grant program that we're using here is designed to allow
agriculture producers to add value to a new product or improve the bottom line
for their operations," said USDA Michigan Public Information Officer Alec Lloyd.

Brengman Brothers was one of eight Michigan rural entrepreneurs awarded a total
of $851,030 in value-added grants to help create a robust local and regional
food system.

This was Robert's third time applying for the grant. He expects to do as much
business in the Grand Rapids as the winery does in Traverse City, in a venue
roughly half the size.

"We worked so hard on coming up with an idea which would help us increase sales,
staff and our presence in the wine world," Robert said. "It's way more populated
year round in that area than it is up here."

Robert also hopes customers of the Grand Rapids location will be enticed to make
the trip to their Traverse City vineyards and cellars, where they plan to offer
tours of the wine-making process.

"Down there we're going to talk a lot more about what happens here and get them
excited about our vineyards," he said. "There's so many people that study and
read a lot about wine and want to get out in the field and see what it's like."

Robert entertains the possibility of opening a third Brengman Brothers tasting
room somewhere else in -- or even outside of -- Michigan in the future.

"Our goal is to get our wines, and the region's, identified internationally," he
said. "Is this an important step to that? Absolutely."

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151215-ZK-Brengman-Brothers-plan-Grand-Rapids-tasting-room-1215-20151215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                               May 5, 2013 Sunday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 792  words


2nd Annual Orange County Peace Officer's Memorial Service Thursday

CHAPEL HILL - In 1962, President John F. Kennedy signed a proclamation which
designated May 15 as Peace Officers Memorial Day and the week in which that date
falls as "Police Week." In keeping with the spirit of National Police Week and
Peace Officers Memorial Day, the Chapel Hill Police Department, in partnership
with the Orange County Sheriff's Office, Orange Correctional Center, Mebane
Police Department, UNC Department of Public Safety, the North Carolina Highway
Patrol, Carrboro Police, Hillsborough Police, and UNC Hospital Police, will host
the 2013 Orange County Peace Officers Memorial Service on Thursday beginning at
4 p.m. at Christ United Methodist Church, 800 Market St. The service will honor
those Orange County and North Carolina officers who have given their lives in
the line of duty.

For more information, please contact Sgt. Josh Mecimore at 919-968-2760.

Share the Food Foundation gala raises $150,000 to fight hunger in N.C.

CHAPEL HILL - Share the Food Foundation is proud to announce that the foundation
raised $150,000 on April 27 at its Gala Benefit Dinner held at the Weathervane
Restaurant in Chapel Hill. More than 200 people from around the Triangle
attended the dinner.

The event included a night of gourmet food and entertainment, and featured a
four-course meal prepared by the Weathervane's award-winning chef, Ryan Payne; a
silent auction and entertainment by two bands. The food was donated by Southern
Foods and other suppliers, and the event was underwritten by Southern Season and
Betty Kenan. Silent auction items were donated and raised over $23,000.

Share the Food Foundation is a 401(c)3 charitable organization that was
established by Southern Season with the mission of fighting hunger and poverty
in the communities in which Southern Season operates. For more information about
Share the Food Foundation and to access a grant application, please visit
www.sharethefoodfoundation.com .

Youths encouraged to make films

CARRBORO - The Carrboro Recreation & Parks Department Youth Council invites
youths ages 11-18 to produce a short a short film on any topic and submit it to
a new event called 3-Minute Masterpiece. This is a new event designed by members
of the Carrboro Youth Council.

Here's how it works: Make a film on any subject you like, as long as it's
suitable for a family audience. It must be three minutes or less. Selected
entries can range from comedies to dramas, live action to animation, silent to
talkies. Entries must be submitted by flash drive or DVD to the Carrboro
Recreation & Parks Department by May 20. Contact jcollins@townofcarrboro.org for
official rules and entry form. The Youth Council panel will choose its favorites
to show at Friday Night Flicks on May 31 at the Carrboro Century Center. It is
free to enter.

Watch our short promotional video at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hAeN3h0Who.

Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers

RALEIGH - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and USDA Rural Development State
Director Randy Gore have announced grants to four agricultural producers and
rural businesses in North Carolina that will help create jobs and develop new
products, including Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. This
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"These awards will support our rural producers, businesses and the communities
where they are located," said State Director Randy Gore. "These dollars support
our Agency's goal to advance a bio-based economy and support local and regional
food systems."

These awardees have been selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added
Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers increase their
income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing
new uses for existing products.

The awards announced include: Calderon Produce, Inc. in Vale and Sandoval
Produce, Inc. in Hendersonville, NC will each use a $100,000 grant to develop a
business and marketing plan for a food safety program, develop a branding
strategy and implement test marketing. Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro will
use a $14,500 grant to fund a feasibility study to confirm the viability of a
biomass heat-service business model to provide heat services to local
greenhouses and poultry barns using pyrolytic furnaces fueled by woody biomass
produced on their farm. Tate Family Farm, Inc., in Climax will use a $300,000
grant to purchase additional milk from two local farms, to hire sales personnel
and for expansion of their marketing plan.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 14, 1999, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

CARNAHAN APPROVES GRANTS FOR STRUGGLING FARMERS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: METRO, Pg. C11

LENGTH: 257 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


Hoping to help Missouri farmers hurt by falling commodity prices, Gov. Mel
Carnahan has announced more than $ 284,000 in grants to producers.

The grants are a result of the Missouri Value-Added Grant Program approved by
lawmakers in 1997. The program provides grants to create, develop and operate
rural agricultural businesses that add value to Missouri agricultural products.

More than $ 750,000 in grants has been awarded and $ 1.4 million in loan
guarantees approved under the legislation.

A total of eight grants ranging from $ 16,000 to $ 70,000 will help foster
economic development in rural communities, Carnahan said.

"Recent conditions have combined to make this a pretty devastating year for many
Missouri farmers and have prompted some producers to take a hard look at they
way they do business," Carnahan said.

Grant recipients included:

* Harry Swie of St. Louis for a soy sauce production feasibility study.

* River Hills Retail Meats Project, Perryville, to study development of a meat
market system developed from local products.

* N&S Farmers LLC of Mexico to study construction and operation of mechanical
extrusion soybean facility.

* Central Missouri Poultry Producers of California to study construction,
operation and marketing of a plant to turn poultry waste into fertilizer.

An additional $ 229,000 in grants is still available. The deadline for those
grants is Dec. 1. Applicants must be 18 years old and Missouri residents, or
businesses or groups with projects based in Missouri.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, TONKO ANNOUNCE OVER $24,000 IN VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANT
FUNDING FOR FARMIEMARKET ONLINE IN ALBANY COUNTY

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Paul Tonko today announced $24,490 in federal funding for FarmieMarket Online,
LLC in the Town of Berne in Albany County. The funding was allocated through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
Program. This funding was created to promote growth for small, independent
producers, but allowing them to generate new products, create and expand
marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall. Specifically,
FarmieMarket Online will these funds to launch a program that will allow
underprivileged consumers to order fresh food online using their Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits. The SNAP program issues monthly
electronic benefit transfers (EBT) that can be used like cash to purchase food
at authorized retail food stores, but many customers cannot use EBT in many
online food stores. This program will allow underprivileged people to order
fresh food online using these benefits, which will then be delivered to their
homes. Not only will this benefit SNAP recipients by allowing them to purchase
fresh food online, but this program will also give federal dollars to smaller
farmers that sell their goods through FarmieMarket Online.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine, and FarmieMarket's innovative approach of selling products from smaller
farms online straight to consumers is significant in today's information age,"
said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds will help FarmieMarket Online in
the Town of Berne further expand its production and increase sales by launching
a program that will allow people who receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program benefits to purchase fresh food online from these smaller farmers that
sell their goods through FarmieMarket. This direct USDA assistance will allow
the company to serve more consumers and generate increased economic revenue,
making it a win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Albany area
economy."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for FarmieMarket and will help ensure they get the needed resources
to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic growth in their
region and across the state."

"As innovation and technological advancements bring family farms and their
customers closer together, it is critical our local growers have the tools they
need to meet the needs of an expanded market. I thank Senators Schumer and
Gillibrand for their work to support New York agriculture and its unique needs
from region to region throughout the state. As the recently passed Farm Bill is
implemented, I will continue to meet with our local agricultural leaders to
ensure Capital Region farmers see success in our area and are able to provide
locally grown products to consumers across New York and the country," said
Rep.Tonko.

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                August 27, 2009

U.S. Department of Agriculture to offer value-added grants

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 233  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will soon be accepting applications
for grants to assist agricultural producers seeking to add value to the
commodities they produce. Approximately $18 million will be awarded nationwide.

USDA plans to award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants
of up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms, those with average, annual gross sales of less than
$700,000.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the funding being made available is reserved for
beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

Paper and electronic applications must be submitted to the Rural Development
state office in the state where the project will be located. A list of state
offices is available at www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html. Electronic
applications must be submitted through www.Grants.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 30, 2012

USDA provides expansion financing to Luna County farm

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 394  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner was in southern Luna County
today to help Preferred Produce celebrate its approval of a $49,500 Value Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) to allow the company to deliver a higher quality produce
to the residents of southern New Mexico.

During the celebration Brunner told the owners of Preferred Produce, "This
project demonstrates USDA's commitment to help the American farmer with needed
financial support to grow better quality vegetables which in turn will help New
Mexicans with increased access to healthier foods."

The VAPG provides financial help for planning activities and for working capital
to market value-added agricultural products and for farm-based renewable energy.
Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, agricultural producer groups, and majority-controlled producer
-based business ventures.

Preferred Produce will use its $49,500 Value Added Producer Grant to provide its
high quality vegetables to more people at a lower cost. The company plans to
also create an additional job that will pay more than twice the wages that are
paid at most Luna County farms. In addition, Preferred Produce plans to provide
high nutrition vegetables to local area school children and increase food safety
for its customers by providing locally produced vegetables delivered to
consumers within 8 hours of harvest.

Currently, Preferred Produce is also pioneering the development of a new
generation of high-tech agriculture. These new bio-systems can be used to launch
a second crop which is an algae-based feedstock for bio fuel, animal feed and
organic fertilizer production.

Ultimately, Preferred Produce goals are to become market leader in the
sustainable local production of organic fruits and vegetables by providing safe,
healthy, sustainably grown organic food to local markets, first nationwide and
then globally.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development' fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Hidalgo County Herald


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Landrieu Announces $200K USDA Rural Development Grant For Cheneyville Crawfish
Producer

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Mary L. Landrieu, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Mary L. Landrieu, D-La., today announced a $200,000 USDA Rural
Development grant will be awarded to Grade A Crawfish, LLC, a new small business
in Cheneyville, La., owned by Wyn and Jared Allen and will begin employing about
20 individuals. This funding will provide resources for Grade A Crawfish, LLC to
improve packaging, marketing and working capital that will allow the business to
grow and create more jobs in Rapides Parish.

Grade A Crawfish, LLC currently serves six parishes across central Louisiana and
will be able to offer jobs to hard-working residents of Rapides, Avoyelles and
Evangeline parishes in the coming future. Wyn Allen has been farming for 35
years and his son, Jared, will spearhead the opening of their family business in
Rapides Parish.

"Providing access to capital to small businesses and small business start ups
like Grade A Crawfish will help us grow businesses already in our communities
and add jobs along the Main Streets in Cheneyville," Sen. Landrieu said.
"Today's loan is not only an investment in one company, but an investment in our
crawfish farmers who harvest 110 million pounds of crawfish each year
contributing nearly $120 million to Louisiana's economy."

"It makes me proud to be given this opportunity to take the crawfish my father
has raised and turn it into a business. We will be using the matching grant
funds to advertise our business and to promote the quality of our farm-raised
product," said Jared Allen, co-owner of Grade A Crawfish, LLC. "This program is
going to help our business be successful in the economy and provide jobs for
local citizens. We want to thank Senator Landrieu and USDA for giving us this
opportunity to start a family business."

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program.  The program helps agricultural producers grow their
businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added products, expanding
marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing products. It is
made possible through the 2014 Farm Bill, a bill in which Sen. Landrieu actively
fought to ensure Louisiana seafood producers, rice and sugarcane farmers and the
forestry industry received significant funding and programs to help them grow
production and employment levels.

For further information please visit: http://www.landrieu.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Agriculture cost share applications sought

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


Jan. 05--The North Carolina Value-Added Cost Share program, administered by N.C.
MarketReady, is now accepting applications for the 2012 equipment cost share
funding cycle.

The program, funded by the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund Commission, provides up to
$50,000 to agricultural producers and processors seeking to purchase specialized
equipment to start or grow a value-added operation.

A value-added agricultural product is a raw, agricultural commodity that has
been changed in some manner so that it no longer can be returned to its original
state. This change results in increased market value, allowing the producer to
receive a higher price for these value-added products compared to the original
commodity. Cheese (from milk), wine (from grapes) and bread (from grains) are a
few examples.

The NCVACS program works hand-in-hand with the USDA Value-Added Producer Grant
by reducing the costs of equipment purchases that are not funded by the USDA
grant. The 2012 cost share cycle allows value-added producers and processors to
apply for funding to purchase new or used equipment. Equipment cost share awards
will vary from 25 to 50 percent of the total cost of the equipment, up to a
maximum of $50,000.

"The NCVACS program supports the development of North Carolina value-added
agricultural operations," said Brittany Whitmire, program coordinator for
NCVACS. "NCVACS is one of the few cost share funding sources for equipment, and
we've seen many recipients grow their businesses and become more successful
after being awarded the funds."

Continuing from the 2011 funding cycle, the program's expanded guidelines for
value-added products include non-standard production methods (such as organic),
physical product segregation -- keeping genetically modified (GM) corn separate
from non-GM corn, farm-based renewable energy and some locally produced food
products.

Examples of equipment previously funded include an aging cooler for meats,
pasteurizing machinery for goat milk, a seasoning applicator for roasted
soybeans and fermentation tanks for producing wines.

Applications for the NCVACS 2012 equipment cost share are available online at
http://plantsforhumanhealth.ncsu.edu/extension/cost-share. Applications are due
by March 1. Guidelines and a list of frequently asked questions can be found on
the website.

___ (c)2012 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120105-ZW-Agriculture-cost-share-applications-sought-0105-20120105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2012 The Wilson Daily Times


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $990K in Federal Value-Added
Producer Grants for 6 Wineries and Family Farms in Genesee, Ontario, Orleans,
Wayne, Wyoming & Yates Counties

LENGTH: 722 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$988,908 in federal funding for six wineries and small farms in the Rochester
Finger Lakes area. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Value Added Producer Grants program. Specifically, Potoczak
Bee Farms, Inc. in Genessee County, Three Brothers Winery and Estates LLC in
Ontario County, Brightly Farms LLC in Orleans County, Nyag, LLC in Wayne County,
Vineyard View Winery in Yates County and Marquart Brothers in Wyoming County
will receive this funding.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow six wineries and farms in the Rochester-Finger
Lakes to generate increased economic revenue by hiring new workers, bringing new
products to market and expanding their operations. Helping our local businesses
and farms expand their business for consumers will be a win-win for our
agriculture industry, Rochester Finger Lakes area residents, and the entire
regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Rochester&ndash;Finger
Lakes farms and wineries that will help producers earn more from their crops by
expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;







 Potoczak Bee Farms, Inc. will receive $49,500 to produce, market, and sell a
honey-based wine line. Three Brothers Winery and Estates LLC will receive
$250,000 to market their Riesling wine product line. Brightly Farms LLC will
receive $49,900 to hire 2-3 new employees and sell their canned good and pies at
their new farm market. Nyag, LLC will receive $250,000 to market different types
of New York-grown apples to wholesalers, stores, and customers. Vineyard View
Winery will receive $139,508 to cover capital expenses for their startup winery
product line. Marquart Brothers will receive $250,000 to help with capital needs
for their new potato chip company, New York Chips.







 &ldquo;We're really excited and grateful for the grant award! We'll be using
funds to help launch our Winery and Riesling brand onto a national
platform,&rdquo; said Erica Paolicelli, Partner at Three Brothers Winery And
Estate LLC. &ldquo;The opportunities in market that this grant award will help
afford for Three Brothers will give our business the boost it needs to bring our
Finger Lakes wine brand to the next level.  We know that we can make world-class
wine in the Finger Lakes, it's time that the rest of the nation become
aware.&rdquo;







 &ldquo;This grant will allow us to not only hire more workers and expand
national sales, but we will be able to purchase more local products, advertise
with local companies, and create greater agro-tourism in our area. As we looked
for ways to create less waste on our over 2,000 acre farm it only made sense for
us to expand into a farm market with canned goods and pies .With this grant we
will be able to get our products into more homes across the region and even
internationally, we are thankful to USDA and Senator Schumer&rsquo;s office for
this opportunity,&rdquo; said Dean and Betsy Brightly, Owners of Brightly Farms,
LLC.







 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year. This year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural
producers nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and
sell their products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring
new jobs to their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE NEARLY $990K IN FEDERAL VALUE-ADDED
PRODUCER GRANTS FOR 6 WINERIES AND FAMILY FARMS IN GENESEE, ONTARIO, ORLEANS,
WAYNE, WYOMING & YATES COUNTIES

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$988,908 in federal funding for six wineries and small farms in the Rochester
Finger Lakes area. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Value Added Producer Grants program. Specifically, Potoczak
Bee Farms, Inc. in Genessee County, Three Brothers Winery and Estates LLC in
Ontario County, Brightly Farms LLC in Orleans County, Nyag, LLC in Wayne County,
Vineyard View Winery in Yates County and Marquart Brothers in Wyoming County
will receive this funding.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish &ndash; and the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs &ndash; has
always been a top priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This
direct USDA assistance will allow six wineries and farms in the Rochester-Finger
Lakes to generate increased economic revenue by hiring new workers, bringing new
products to market and expanding their operations. Helping our local businesses
and farms expand their business for consumers will be a win-win for our
agriculture industry, Rochester Finger Lakes area residents, and the entire
regional economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we&rsquo;re going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds from USDA are an investment in Rochester&ndash;Finger
Lakes farms and wineries that will help producers earn more from their crops by
expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;



 Potoczak Bee Farms, Inc. will receive $49,500 to produce, market, and sell a
honey-based wine line. Three Brothers Winery and Estates LLC will receive
$250,000 to market their Riesling wine product line. Brightly Farms LLC will
receive $49,900 to hire 2-3 new employees and sell their canned good and pies at
their new farm market. Nyag, LLC will receive $250,000 to market different types
of New York-grown apples to wholesalers, stores, and customers. Vineyard View
Winery will receive $139,508 to cover capital expenses for their startup winery
product line. Marquart Brothers will receive $250,000 to help with capital needs
for their new potato chip company, New York Chips.



 &ldquo;We're really excited and grateful for the grant award! We'll be using
funds to help launch our Winery and Riesling brand onto a national
platform,&rdquo; said Erica Paolicelli, Partner at Three Brothers Winery And
Estate LLC. &ldquo;The opportunities in market that this grant award will help
afford for Three Brothers will give our business the boost it needs to bring our
Finger Lakes wine brand to the next level.  We know that we can make world-class
wine in the Finger Lakes, it's time that the rest of the nation become
aware.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This grant will allow us to not only hire more workers and expand
national sales, but we will be able to purchase more local products, advertise
with local companies, and create greater agro-tourism in our area. As we looked
for ways to create less waste on our over 2,000 acre farm it only made sense for
us to expand into a farm market with canned goods and pies .With this grant we
will be able to get our products into more homes across the region and even
internationally, we are thankful to USDA and Senator Schumer&rsquo;s office for
this opportunity,&rdquo; said Dean and Betsy Brightly, Owners of Brightly Farms,
LLC.



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year. This year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural
producers nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and
sell their products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring
new jobs to their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

£25,000 grants on offer to dairy farms

BYLINE: Sarah Headland

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 381 words


Dairy farmers in the region can bid for grants worth at least £25,000 to help
them become more competitive when selling their produce.

The money will come from a £5m cash-pot set up in the wake of controversy
earlier this year, which saw dairy farmers protesting about low prices
supermarkets were paying them for milk.



Meanwhile farming minister David Heath said he would also bring in new rules to
allow farmers to set up "producer organisations" and sell their milk in bulk,
giving them more clout to negotiate prices with powerful buyers.

Mr Heath said: "We've already got the industry code of practice, and negotiating
as groups rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even louder voice
to get their just rewards from the marketplace.

"Our £5m dairy fund will also allow producers to develop other means of
cooperation and grab business opportunities with both hands."

Most dairy farmers currently negotiate with supermarkets and food processors as
individuals, but this has often meant big companies could use their powerful
market position to enforce low prices on farms that did not cover the cost of
producing milk.

Yesterday Mr Heath launched a consultation which will end in January on new
rules to make it easier for individual farmers to team up and negotiate fairer
prices together.

Meanwhile the £5m dairy fund will allow farmers to apply for a minimum grant of
£25,000 to explore new business opportunities; like investing in new technology
or covering the costs of setting up a producer organisation.

Mr Heath pointed out that the UK currently imports £1.2bn more of dairy produce
than it exports, meaning there is huge potential for growth in domestic and
export sales.

NFU chief dairy adviser Robert Newbery said: "The NFU believes that
collaborating and adding value to raw milk can be an extremely powerful means by
which farmers get a fairer share of the end value of dairy products.

"The £5m funding will help groups of dairy farmers to explore all forms of
collaboration, including forming Producer Organisations (POs) to improve their
bargaining power and add value to milk.

"The NFU will be assisting groups of farmers who want to form POs, by
facilitating communications with the NFU farmer database, with the provision of
technical guidance and also lobbying."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Maryland Announces Funding for Fruits and Vegetables Crops

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis:  The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



   The Maryland Department of Agriculture today announced the recipients of over
$376,000 in federal grants that will fund projects designed to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Maryland. Specialty crops are defined as
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops.
Funding for the grants came through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, which was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "We are pleased to announce awardees of the Maryland Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program. The 2014 Farm Bill provided significant grant funding dedicated to
specialty crops to become available," said Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Joe
Bartenfelder "These funds are a great opportunity to help farmers and value
-added producers advance and promote local specialty crops in the marketplace
and spark new markets, healthy eating, and job creation."



 The department created a competitive grant process with a review committee to
award these federal funds. The following is a snapshot of the funded projects:



 Chesapeake Farm to Table - $18,584 - Develop a low-cost, shared infrastructure
system for post-harvest handling and storage of winter crops to help expand
sales to restaurants.



 Grow & Fortify - $28,071 - Develop a state and county-level regulatory matrix
that will provide an outline of the permits and processes required for specialty
crop producers to sell and market raw and value-added agricultural products.



 Maryland Department of Agriculture - $254,051



     Continue to strengthen consumer awareness of local specialty crops and
connect specialty crop farmers with markets through seasonal promotions of
Maryland specialty crops via mass media; MarylandsBest.net; direct partnerships
with Maryland specialty crop associations such as the Mar-Del Watermelon
Association, Maryland Cut Flowers Association, and Maryland Apple Promotion
Board; and other strategic promotional avenues - $107,952;

     Continue to mitigate specialty crop food safety risks by providing
training, certification of compliance with food safety practices, cost-share,
and technical assistance to specialty crop producers and packers transitioning
from voluntary food safety programs, USDA Good Agricultural Practices and Good
Handling Practices,  to be in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act
Produce Safety Rule - $130,884; and

     Perform pre-award and post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program funding and ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees
abide by Federal and State requirements and regulations - $15,215.



 Maryland Horticultural Society - $15,000 - "Reach for the Peach" education
program and campaign will create a social media platform and marketing toolbox
for peach growers to use during the season to increase consumer awareness of
locally produced peaches for the retail and farmers market segments.



 University of Maryland - $30,640 - Create new recommendations for small fruit
growers to sustainably manage spotted wing drosophila in red raspberries through
the evaluation of on-farm management practices (i.e. carrier water volume,
sprayer type, and canopy density).



 USDA announced over $62.5 million in specialty crops grants to U.S. states and
territories that will support 693 initiatives across the country to strengthen
markets and expand economic opportunities for local and regional producers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

New Orleans, LA - Feb. 2, 2015 - Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy
Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA) announced more than $18 million in grants to
educate, mentor, and enhance the sustainability of the next generation of
farmers. The grants are available through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP) administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), which was authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Announces Support to Expand Agricultural Markets
across Michigan

LENGTH: 396 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, announced support to expand agricultural
markets across Michigan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value-Added
Producer Grant program, which helps farmers and growers develop marketing
strategies for agricultural commodities.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
agricultural businesses expand and get more customers for their products. This
type of support can help increase sales for local farmers and boost our small
town economies."



 The Value-Added Producer Grant program was reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's
2014 Farm Bill and is used to develop new agricultural products or create
additional markets for existing ones. Stabenow's Urban Agriculture Act of 2016
also provides new financial tools and support for value-added processing.



 Below are the Michigan awardees:



 Aurora Cellars in Suttons Bay will receive a $240,000 grant to expand their
direct-to-consumer customer base.



 Mackinaw Trail Winery, LLC in Petoskey and Manistique will receive a $193,500
grant to increase their customer base for hard cider by 317 percent.



 MI Hop Alliance, LLC in Traverse City will receive a $248,000 grant to help
purchase hops from the Old Mission Hop Exchange.



 Sunnyside Farms in Redford will receive a $49,900 grant to increase production
of canned goods to accommodate for their demand.



 Grand Traverse Culinary Oils, LLC in Traverse City will receive a $7,000 grant
to explore the feasibility of expanding their market beyond their local farmer's
markets.



 Iron Fish Distillery, LLC in Thompsonville will receive a $250,000 grant to
process, package, and market their spirits.



 Algomah Acres Honey Farm in Mass City will receive a $10,500 to expand their
customer base and produce 100 more gallons of mead. They also plan to begin
bottling their honey soda.



 Petoskey Farms Vineyard & Winery, LLC in Petoskey will receive a $250,000 grant
to expand their market and implement an advertisement campaign and wine club.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Announces Support to Expand Agricultural Markets
across Michigan

LENGTH: 396 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, announced support to expand agricultural
markets across Michigan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value-Added
Producer Grant program, which helps farmers and growers develop marketing
strategies for agricultural commodities.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
agricultural businesses expand and get more customers for their products. This
type of support can help increase sales for local farmers and boost our small
town economies."



 The Value-Added Producer Grant program was reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's
2014 Farm Bill and is used to develop new agricultural products or create
additional markets for existing ones. Stabenow's Urban Agriculture Act of 2016
also provides new financial tools and support for value-added processing.



 Below are the Michigan awardees:



 Aurora Cellars in Suttons Bay will receive a $240,000 grant to expand their
direct-to-consumer customer base.



 Mackinaw Trail Winery, LLC in Petoskey and Manistique will receive a $193,500
grant to increase their customer base for hard cider by 317 percent.



 MI Hop Alliance, LLC in Traverse City will receive a $248,000 grant to help
purchase hops from the Old Mission Hop Exchange.



 Sunnyside Farms in Redford will receive a $49,900 grant to increase production
of canned goods to accommodate for their demand.



 Grand Traverse Culinary Oils, LLC in Traverse City will receive a $7,000 grant
to explore the feasibility of expanding their market beyond their local farmer's
markets.



 Iron Fish Distillery, LLC in Thompsonville will receive a $250,000 grant to
process, package, and market their spirits.



 Algomah Acres Honey Farm in Mass City will receive a $10,500 to expand their
customer base and produce 100 more gallons of mead. They also plan to begin
bottling their honey soda.



 Petoskey Farms Vineyard & Winery, LLC in Petoskey will receive a $250,000 grant
to expand their market and implement an advertisement campaign and wine club.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Horse owners, barn managers invited to hands-on training

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 679 words


Sept. 02--An Equine Grazing School Field Day will be held Sept. 22 from 9 a.m.
to 2:30 p.m. at Ryerss Farm for Aged Equines in Pottstown. Horse owners and barn
managers are invited to attend the event offered by the Penn State Extension
Equine Team.

Participants will have the opportunity to learn about forage biology and
management practices in addition to practicing pasture evaluation and grass
identification. This is a rain or shine event. Attendees should dress
accordingly.

Cost is $20 per person and includes lunch, all workshops and printed materials.
Deadline to register is Sept. 17. Contact Donna Foulk at 610-746-1970 for
details.

The 24th annual Gallery Walk at the governor's residence in Harrisburg will be
Sunday from 1 to 2 p.m. at the residence, 2035 N. Front St.

The art exhibition "Violet Oakley in Paris," on loan from the Woodmere Museum of
Art, will be on display. Penn State Extension-Dauphin County master gardeners
will be outside to answer questions about the Jane Shafer Rose Garden, Penn's
Woods and the Susquehanna Garden. The Residence Vegetable and Herb Garden will
be open for viewing.

For more information, call 717-772-9130.

Weed management: The Industrial and Right-of-Way Weed meeting will be Sept. 12
at Williamson Restaurant, Horsham, Montgomery County. Industry and university
specialists will present the latest in weed management information.

Contact Scott Guiser at sxg6@psu.edu or 215-345-3283 for details.

Grants available: The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications
for grants to help agricultural producers increase the value of their products.

Producers have until Oct. 15 to apply for the Value Added Producer Grant program
aimed at enabling farmers, ranchers and rural business owners to find new ways
to expand their product offerings, revenue and value of what they already
produce.

USDA Rural Development is making up to $14 million in grant money available for
projects that aid farmers and ranchers in producing bio-based products from
agricultural commodities. The maximum amount for planning grants is $100,000 and
for working capital grants is $300,000.

Priority will be given to owners of small- and medium-size businesses, though
operations of all sizes are encouraged to apply. Grants are available for
projects up to 36 months in duration.

Visit www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-08-15/pdf/2012-20082.pdf for information on
how to apply.

Venison 101: Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences is again offering its
Venison 101 workshop from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday at the Penn State Meats Lab
on Porter Road opposite Beaver Stadium at University Park.

The program is designed for hunters or family members who have an interest in
expanding their knowledge of deer diseases, processing venison and preparing it
for friends and family.

There will be an evaluation of deer diseases followed by proper field dressing,
an opportunity for hands-on processing, and cooking/canning demonstrations.

The deadline to register for the Venison 101 workshop is Tuesday. The
registration fee is $139 per person. To register or for more information, visit
psu.ag/OxgVWa, call 814-865-8862 or e-mail cnc3@psu.edu

A pamphlet on proper care and handling of venison is available at psu.ag/Nx4tYf.
It explains how to reduce the risk of food-borne illness by properly handling,
processing and preparing deer.

Tree tenders training: Become part of TreeVitalize, the growing movement to
increase Pennsylvania's tree cover, by participating in tree tenders training to
be held Thursday and continuing Sept. 13 and 20 at Bucks County Penn State
Extension auditorium in Doylestown.

Eight hours of hands-on training will give attendees knowledge and experience
with tree biology, identification, planting and proper care. Contact Julianne
Schieffer at jxs51@psu.edu for more information.

Share news about local agriculture events and people with Jamie Klein at
610-371-5016 or jklein@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120902-RE-Horse-owners-barn-managers-invited-to-hands-on-training-0902-2012090
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Funding for development of new products

SECTION: A; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 276 words


Funding to support beginning, veteran, and socially-disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers to expand businesses

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced that the USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Horse owners, barn managers invited to hands-on training

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


Sept. 02--Reading Eagle

An Equine Grazing School Field Day will be held Sept. 22 from 9 a.m. to 2:30
p.m. at Ryerss Farm for Aged Equines in Pottstown. Horse owners and barn
managers are invited to attend the event offered by the Penn State Extension
Equine Team.

Participants will have the opportunity to learn about forage biology and
management practices in addition to practicing pasture evaluation and grass
identification. This is a rain or shine event. Attendees should dress
accordingly.

Cost is $20 per person and includes lunch, all workshops and printed materials.
Deadline to register is Sept. 17. Contact Donna Foulk at 610-746-1970 for
details.

The 24th annual Gallery Walk at the governor's residence in Harrisburg will be
Sunday from 1 to 2 p.m. at the residence, 2035 N. Front St.

The art exhibition "Violet Oakley in Paris," on loan from the Woodmere Museum of
Art, will be on display. Penn State Extension-Dauphin County master gardeners
will be outside to answer questions about the Jane Shafer Rose Garden, Penn's
Woods and the Susquehanna Garden. The Residence Vegetable and Herb Garden will
be open for viewing.

For more information, call 717-772-9130.

Weed management: The Industrial and Right-of-Way Weed meeting will be Sept. 12
at Williamson Restaurant, Horsham, Montgomery County. Industry and university
specialists will present the latest in weed management information.

Contact Scott Guiser at sxg6@psu.edu or 215-345-3283 for details.

Grants available: The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications
for grants to help agricultural producers increase the value of their products.

Producers have until Oct. 15 to apply for the Value Added Producer Grant program
aimed at enabling farmers, ranchers and rural business owners to find new ways
to expand their product offerings, revenue and value of what they already
produce.

USDA Rural Development is making up to $14 million in grant money available for
projects that aid farmers and ranchers in producing bio-based products from
agricultural commodities. The maximum amount for planning grants is $100,000 and
for working capital grants is $300,000.

Priority will be given to owners of small- and medium-size businesses, though
operations of all sizes are encouraged to apply. Grants are available for
projects up to 36 months in duration.

Visit www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-08-15/pdf/2012-20082.pdf for information on
how to apply.

Venison 101: Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences is again offering its
Venison 101 workshop from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday at the Penn State Meats Lab
on Porter Road opposite Beaver Stadium at University Park.

The program is designed for hunters or family members who have an interest in
expanding their knowledge of deer diseases, processing venison and preparing it
for friends and family.

There will be an evaluation of deer diseases followed by proper field dressing,
an opportunity for hands-on processing, and cooking/canning demonstrations.

The deadline to register for the Venison 101 workshop is Tuesday. The
registration fee is $139 per person. To register or for more information, visit
psu.ag/OxgVWa, call 814-865-8862 or e-mail cnc3@psu.edu

A pamphlet on proper care and handling of venison is available at psu.ag/Nx4tYf.
It explains how to reduce the risk of food-borne illness by properly handling,
processing and preparing deer.

Tree tenders training: Become part of TreeVitalize, the growing movement to
increase Pennsylvania's tree cover, by participating in tree tenders training to
be held Thursday and continuing Sept. 13 and 20 at Bucks County Penn State
Extension auditorium in Doylestown.

Eight hours of hands-on training will give attendees knowledge and experience
with tree biology, identification, planting and proper care. Contact Julianne
Schieffer at jxs51@psu.edu for more information.

Share news about local agriculture events and people with Jamie Klein at
610-371-5016 or jklein@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120902-RE-Horse-owners-barn-managers-invited-to-hands-on-training-0902-2012090
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Leahy: Vermont Nets Federal Funds To Invest Nearly $650,000 In Local
Foods Infrastructure

LENGTH: 761 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) says Vermont farmers markets and other outlets
will receive five federal grants totaling $581,745 to support local and regional
food systems.  The grants are part of $42.4 million granted by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and Food
and Nutrition Service (FNS) to states and local organizations throughout the
country.





 Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and of the
Senate Appropriations Committee, was a leading author of the 2014 Farm Bill to
authorize funding for local foods and value-added products, under these
programs.



 Leahy said:  &ldquo;Vermont leads the country in support for local food.  It's
part of the Vermont way and the quality of life that we value in our state.
Vermont is a leader in locally sourced food, but obstacles remain, particularly
for our smaller producers.  These bedrock investments will help expand programs
that support family farms, open new farming opportunities and ensure that
healthy, local foods are available to Vermonters of all income levels.&rdquo;



 He said five USDA grants are awarded to Vermont, leveraging a total of $641,570
in investments from local match funding.  Leahy announced that the Northeast
Organic Farming Association of Vermont (NOFA Vermont) was awarded a three-year
$247,000 grant from the USDA FNS Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP) Farmers Market Support Program.  NOFA-VT currently supports more than 45
farmers markets that have introduced the use of cash-assistance programs such as
SNAP, also known as 3SquaresVT, to increase the opportunity for fresh produce to
be purchased by limited-income Vermonters. This federal funding will increase
SNAP accessibility and participation at markets like those in Randolph, which
was also awarded $68,895 from the USDA Farmers Market Promotion Program.



 The USDA AMS is awarding $73,750 and $99,990 in Local Food Promotion Program
funding to the Rutland Area Farm and Food Link Inc. (RAFFL), and to
Newport-based Green Mountain Farm-To-School, respectively.  These grants will
help to improve marketing and promotion projects for local food enterprises such
as food hubs, aggregation businesses, local food processors and
farm-to-institution activities.



 Vermont's congressional delegation -- Leahy, Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and
Representative Peter Welch (D-Vt.) - wrote letters in support of the Green
Mountain Farm-To-School and NOFA Vermont proposals to USDA Secretary Thomas
Vilsack.



 RAFFL Executive Director Tara Kelly added:  &ldquo;We are thrilled that this
grant will help to expand RAFFL's online farmers market, Farm Fresh Connect,
which has been in operation as a pilot for 3 years.  Our partnership with the
Vermont Country Store and Green Mountain Power enables businesses to create a
culture of wellness at worksites and schools as customers order local farm
products from area producers.  It's a win-win for employees looking to buy
local, high-quality foods and farmers who need support in developing a
year-round market.&rdquo;



 Leahy said the Vermont Agency of Agriculture Food and Markets (VAAFM), in
partnership with Vermont Specialty Food Association, Vermont Maple Sugar Makers'
Association and Vermont Fresh Network, was also awarded $92,200 through the
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.  These funds will be used to
enhance the ability of Vermont farmers and value-added producers to market,
connect and efficiently distribute high-value products to regional and national
consumers through improvements in distribution infrastructure, branding, social
media campaigns and e-commerce.



 Matt Gordon, Executive Director of the Vermont Maple Sugar Makers' Association
(VMSMA) said: &ldquo;We are excited to partner with the Vermont Agency of
Agriculture, Food and Markets, the Vermont Specialty Food Association, and the
Vermont Fresh Network to help farmers and specialty food producers utilize new
and emerging media to spread the word about the high quality products being made
in Vermont.  With more recognition that maple syrup has far more uses than just
pancakes and more people realizing that maple is one of the healthiest
sweeteners, this project will help our membership leverage the heritage of
Vermont's maple industry and connect to important markets in exciting
ways.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 17, 2004, Saturday

GRANTS ISSUED TO PIG PRODUCERS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 263 words


NEW grants, totalling more than pounds 500,000, have been agreed to improve the
supply chain and bring benefits to British pig producers.

The grants are part of the British Pig Executive (BPEX) Supply Chain
Co-operation Grant Scheme and cover six projects, ranging from developing a cull
sow outlet to increase and stabilise all sow prices, to producing sausages from
a rare breed of pig.

It is planned to have another tranche of applications for grants, opening on
Monday, February 2, and closing on Friday, March 12.

BPEX marketing manager, Chris Lukehurst, said: "This grant scheme has been
running for more than a year and has proved to be very effective.

"Work done in the early stages is bearing fruit and has been a great help to pig
producers."

The latest applications are:

l The British Pig Association, to improve communication between pedigree pork
producers and their customers.

l Wessex and Southern England Pigs, to establish a professionally-managed food
business that will reduce producers' dependency on commodity pig prices.

l Packington Pork, to add value to the pig business in line with the Curry
Report and the BPEX Road to Recovery Strategy.

l Flagship Foods, to develop a branded range of Omega 3 enriched pork products
targeting major retailers.

l Dalehead Foods, to develop a cull sow outlet and stabilise sow prices through
the development of a supply chain and identified target market.

l Canterbury Foods, to manufacture quality sausages using Gloucester Old Spot
meat supplying a foodservice customer.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 6, 2002 Wednesday

Ten AgriFirst grants awarded

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 806 words


The initial AgriFirst grants were awarded Tuesday by state Agriculture Director
Joe Hampton to 10 central Illinois groups looking to enhance the value of farm
products.

"We have challenged producers to escape their old way of thinking and find new
ways to enhance their income," Hampton said. "We have seen here today that the
challenge has been answered." AgriFirst was enacted by Gov. George Ryan and the
legislature last year as a first-ever economic development tool for Illinois
agriculture. Grants can be awarded to provide technical assistance or to fund
feasibility studies or competitive assessments for projects that raise farmers'
share of profits from the processing of raw commodities.

The grant announcements were made as a part of a regional Ag Assembly meeting in
Springfield. AgriFirst grew from an Ag Assembly recommendation to provide
support for value-added agriculture in Illinois.

Tuesday's announcement is the first in a series of grants for the initial year
of funding for AgriFirst.  A total of 29 projects will be awarded $1.5 million.
Announcements of the remaining 19 projects will be made at Ag Assemblies
elsewhere in the state.

Another $1.5 million is in Ryan's fiscal 2003 budget proposal.

Terry Smith with Producers Alliance, a cooperative in Bloomington and one of the
groups that received AgriFirst funding this year, challenged lawmakers to double
the funding for next year.

"It would help the largest industry in the state of Illinois," Smith said.

Projects awarded AgriFirst grants include:

* Illinois Corn Marketing Board - $100,000 to study the feasibility to scale up
commercialization of a new integrated process to extract and separate corn oil
and zein from grain. Zein (pronounced zane) is a nondigestible protein in corn
that can be used to make plastic.

* Metcalf Farms Piedmontese Beef Ltd. (Mechanicsburg) - $60,000 to study the
feasibility of microwave-ready pot roast, top sirloin steak and meatloaf
entrees. Market development and package design for the products will be
researched, as well.

"We've been in the branded-beef business for several years," said Ken Metcalf
Sr. "It's very difficult to make the money work when you're doing it all by
yourself."

* Family Farms Cooperative (Menard County) - $50,000 to analyze and evaluate
opportunities for a producer cooperative to develop direct partnerships with
smaller retail grocery chains and food service suppliers for the distribution of
branded fresh and processed pork products.

* Producers Alliance - $40,000 to determine the feasibility of the construction
of a 50-million-gallon ethanol plant that would utilize 18.9 million bushels of
corn annually. The cooperative is a not-for-profit membership organization
comprised of 330 Illinois farmers.

* Illinois Corn Growers Association/Ursa Farmers Cooperative (Ursa) - $25,000
for project assistance to create a chain of certified production procedures and
crop information to provide a value-enhanced, identity-preserved product for
foreign buyers. The association and cooperative together would pilot
classroom-based computer training, testing and certification modules along with
a database to collect crop information and harvest protocols for producers.

* Member to Member (Decatur) - $25,000 to study the feasibility of a cleaning
and bagging facility for specialty grains.

* Two Rivers RC&D Inc. - $24,500 for the Access Illinois Outdoors agri-tourism
project. The money will be used to recruit farmers and landowners to use the
Access program to reach out to outdoor enthusiasts looking for a place to hunt,
fish, trail ride, camp, hike, bird watch or pursue other outdoor interests.

"We hope to bring people out to the farm to become better acquainted with
agriculture," said Harry Wright of Two Rivers. "We've been doing this in western
Illinois. We want to expand it, and this money means we can expand the program
to other parts of the state."

* Land of Lincoln Agriculture Coalition (Elkhart) - $18,000 to provide technical
assistance for membership development and to develop a five-year projection plan
regarding the operation and marketing opportunities of a proposed ethanol
facility.

* Ag Guild of Illinois (Bloomington) - $17,000 to hire a consultant to negotiate
new contracts for value-added soybean isoflavone programs. The Ag Guild of
Illinois consists of 49 small and medium-sized central Illinois farmers who have
an interest in developing new markets.

Enid Schlipf, representing the Ag Guild, said the group is in its third year of
identifying value-added projects. The most promising so far has been for farmers
to raise high-isoflavone soybeans.

* Ursa Farmers Cooperative (Ursa) - $10,000 to determine the feasibility of a
dry mill corn processing plant.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Gov. McAuliffe Awards Grants to Communities in Central, Southern
Virginia

LENGTH: 536  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Southern Governors' Association has issued the following news release:

Governor Terry McAuliffe announced that three projects - two to make locally
grown produce available year round and one seeking to bring a major poultry
producer to Southside Virginia - were awarded $60,000 in planning grants from
the Governor's Agriculture & Forestry Industries Development Fund (AFID). The
AFID planning grant program encourages local governments to work with the
agricultural community to identify projects and opportunities that can bring
important benefits to local producers, and the community as a whole.

"Supporting Virginia's diverse agricultural and forestry sectors is a great way
to expand and diversify our economy," said Governor McAuliffe. "Assisting
localities in identifying potential new projects and implementing programs that
strengthen agriculture and forestry in their communities and will contribute to
building a 21st Century Virginia economy. Laying the foundation for possibly
larger future projects in these communities, the relatively small, but
important, amount of state support provided today allows localities to plan
strategically and creatively about how to incorporate two of the state's largest
industries into their economic development efforts."

The AFID planning grant program, funded annually at $250,000, was developed in
2012 to encourage local and regional governments to think strategically about
how they can better support and integrate agriculture and forestry-based
industries into their community's overall economic development efforts. The
planning grants are part of the larger Governor's AFID program, an economic
development tool specifically for agriculture and forestry value-added or
processing projects. AFID economic development grants are available for
political subdivisions of the Commonwealth interested in growing their
agriculture and forestry industries by strategically targeting businesses that
add value to Virginia grown agriculture and forestal products.

"Partnering with local governments to leverage their resources and innovative
ideas on growing and supporting Virginia's agriculture and forestry industries,
like we do with our AFID program, is good policy;" said Secretary of Agriculture
and Forestry Todd P. Haymore. "From innovative facilities that preserve locally
grown produce for sale throughout the year to recruiting a major new industry to
Southside, the projects funded today highlight the innovation and diversity of
Virginia agriculture. Benefits from allowing localities to explore and
capitalize on these kinds of opportunities have the potential to be felt
throughout the business chain, from the individual producer level to the value
-adding enterprise."

According to a 2013 economic impact study conducted by the University of
Virginia's Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service, agriculture and forestry are
two of Virginia's largest industries, with a combined economic impact of $70
billion annually. Agriculture generates more than $52 billion per annum, while
forestry induces over $17 billion. The industries also provide more than 400,000
jobs in the Commonwealth.

For more information please visit: http://www.southerngovernors.org

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             April 24, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Organic food producers get $100,000 provincial grant; Goal is for a 'Canada
organic' label

BYLINE: Joanne Lee-Young, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 308  words


B.C.'s organic producers are getting help from the provincial government as
health-conscious consumers lap up organic food products of all kinds and new
agriculture standards are set.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Lands has announced a $100,000 grant to the
Certified Organic Associations of British Columbia to be used to support
producers in meeting the requirements of the national Organic Products
Regulation to be implemented over the next two years.

The COABC will conduct awareness and educational campaigns so that organic
producers can comply with federal regulations and get permission to use the
"Canada Organic" label. It will also support producers looking to move into the
growing organic industry.

"B.C. was the first Canadian province to have a set of regulations for producing
organic products," Val Roddick, parliamentary secretary for agriculture
planning, said in an interview. "Now, the COABC will help develop a set of
federal regulations and then we can actually trade between provinces and have
one brand to market internationally."

A statement from Deb Foote, president of the Certified Organic Associations of
B.C., said: "[We] have a big job ahead to make sure the new national regulations
are fully understood by B.C. producers and processors. This funding will allow
our organization to make sure that educational programs are carried out so that
B.C.'s certified organic industry continues to meet the high standards that have
been set."

In B.C., more than 600 producers are certified as organic. Vegetables, fruits,
field crops, livestock and vineyards have the highest number of certifications.
There are some 160 certified processing and handling facilities.

In 2005, the production value was more than $29 million, while value-added or
processing was worth another $23 million, the COABC says.

jlee-young@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

North, East small dairy producers get income boost

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 22 -- Farmers in eastern Sri Lanka recently received milk
storage cans and collection trucks that will help them improve their
participation in the dairy value chain.

The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the development arm of
the U.S. Government, delivered the trucks to two farmer-owned milk collection
centers in Batticaloa district and provided the storage cans to two milk
producer groups in the Batticaloa and Polonnaruwa districts. According to
Priyanka Dissanayake, USAID Project Management Specialist, these investments are
part of USAID's Dairy Enhancement in the Eastern Province (DEEP) Project, a
partnership with the U.S.-based Land O'Lakes and Sri Lankan CIC Agri Businesses.

"By connecting farmers to value chains, DEEP works to increase dairy production
and improve farmers' incomes in the East," she explained. Many farmers have
received grants to directly improve dairy production, typically by buying a cow,
constructing cattle sheds, or developing their water supply and pasture land.
"Before the project started, farmers were getting an average LKR 29 per liter of
milk. With this project, farmers are now earning LKR 49 per liter," noted
Dissanayake.

The USAID Mission Director, James Bednar said, "A vibrant domestic dairy sector
is important for Sri Lanka's long term prosperity. This project can help improve
the milk supply, and it will put more money in the pockets of smallholder
farmers."

According to USAID, DEEP helps farmers strengthen their position in the market
by mobilizing them to organize into milk producer groups. It provides training
and equipment so they can produce more milk and sell it at a better price. To
date, forty-two producer groups have been created. The project is also standing
up four milk collection centers which will be owned by the milk producer groups
and will link producers to regular buyers of raw milk.

As part of DEEP's small grants program, Priyanka Dissanayake also handed over a
check for LKR 960,000 to the farmers. Since 2009, the project has distributed
small grants averaging LKR 20,000 to over 2,100 dairy farmers.

The American people, through the U.S. Agency for International Development, have
provided development and humanitarian assistance in developing countries
worldwide for nearly 50 years. Since 1956, USAID/Sri Lanka has invested nearly
$2 billion to benefit all the people of Sri Lanka. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $450,000 In USDA Value-Added Producer Grants
For Niagara County

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $449,000 in
federal funding for Niagara County. McCollum Orchards, located in Lockport, will
receive $49,500; Black Willow Winery, located in Newfane, will receive $175,000;
Blackman Homestead Farm, located in Lockport, will receive $49,500; and
Victorianbourg Wine Estate, located in Wilson, will receive $175,000. The
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value
-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program and will be used to revamp marketing
strategies to raise brand awareness and increase sales.

"This much-needed funding will help support four of our Niagara County farms and
orchards to expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing techniques to
stay innovative in today's information age," said Senator Schumer. "This direct
USDA assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Niagara County economy."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for these four agricultural businesses in Niagara County and will
help ensure they get the resources they need to bring their products to market
and continue to drive economic growth in their region and across the state."

"We truly appreciate being selected for the USDA Value Added Producer Grant,"
said Julie Blackman of the Blackman Homestead Farm.  "It will allow us to expand
production, marketing and distribution of our bottled fruit juices, helping us
to progress towards sixth generation farm viability."

"We are thrilled to receive the USDA VAPG grant," said Bree and Rich Woodbridge
of McCollum Orchards. "As beginning farmers, we plan to use this matching grant
to grow our Community Supported Agriculture farm share program and help
resurrect our 6-generation farm. This grant will be invested directly into our
farm's post-harvest operations so we can offer more fresh organic fruits &
vegetables in our community."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday

More milk, income for small dairy producers

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 23 -- Farmers in eastern Sri Lanka recently received milk
storage cans and collection trucks that will help them improve their
participation in the dairy value chain.

The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the development arm of
the U.S. government, delivered the trucks to two farmer-owned milk collection
centres in Batticaloa district and provided the storage cans to two milk
producer groups in the Batticaloa and Polonnaruwa districts.

According to USAID Project Management Specialist Priyanka Dissanayake, these
investments are part of USAID's Dairy Enhancement in the Eastern Province (DEEP)
Project, a partnership with the U.S.-based Land O' Lakes and Sri Lankan CIC Agri
Businesses.

"By connecting farmers to value chains, DEEP works to increase dairy production
and improve farmers' incomes in the East," she said. Many farmers have received
grants to directly improve dairy production, typically by buying a cow,
constructing cattle sheds, or developing their water supply and pasture land.

"Before the project started, farmers were getting an average Rs 29 per liter of
milk. With this project, farmers are now earning Rs 49 per liter," said
Dissanayake.

The USAID Mission Director, James Bednar said, "A vibrant domestic dairy sector
is important for Sri Lanka's long-term prosperity. This project can help improve
the milk supply, and it will put more money in the pockets of smallholder
farmers."

According to USAID, DEEP helps farmers strengthen their position in the market
by mobilizing them to organize into milk producer groups. It provides training
and equipment so they can produce more milk and sell it at a better price.

To date, forty-two producer groups have been created. The project is also
standing up four milk collection centres which will be owned by the milk
producer groups and will link producers to regular buyers of raw milk.

As part of DEEP's small grants programme, Priyanka Dissanayake also handed over
a cheque for Rs 960,000 to the farmers. Since 2009, the project has distributed
small grants averaging Rs 20,000 to over 2,100 dairy farmers.

The American people, through the U.S. Agency for International Development, have
provided development and humanitarian assistance in developing countries
worldwide for nearly 50 years. Since 1956, USAID Sri Lanka has invested nearly
$2 billion to benefit all the people of Sri Lanka. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Merkley, Wyden Announce $1.9 Million in Grants to Boost Oregon's
Small Agricultural Businesses

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Merkley has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Oregon's Senators Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden announced that 13 Oregon
agricultural businesses will receive a total of $1.9 million in grants to help
them grow and expand. The grants will be provided through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program, which is designed to
help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs nationwide develop
new product lines.





 As the top Democrat on the Senate's Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee,
Merkley has consistently fought to ensure that the VAPG program receives the
funding it needs to boost small businesses and the agricultural economy
nationwide and here in Oregon.



     "Oregon's agricultural small businesses and entrepreneurs are among the
most innovative in the world, and it's great to see their enormous potential
being recognized today," said Merkley. "I'll keep working to make sure that
programs like these get the resources they deserve, so that Oregon's agriculture
industry and rural economy can keep growing and creating new jobs across our
state."



     "Through their tireless hard work and dedication, rural Oregonians have put
our state on the map for producing some of the finest specialty crops, beef,
trees and seeds found around the globe," Wyden said. "This funding will help
make it easier for our farmers and ranchers to continue doing the great work
they do in their fields across Oregon."



 A full list of the businesses receiving grants today follows below.



 Location





 Applicant Name





 Applicant Type





 Grant Amount



 Enterprise, OR





 6 Ranch, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $56,350









 Monmouth, OR





 Olson-Davis, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Woodburn, OR





 Crosby Hop Farm, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $160,000









 Ashland, OR





 Firebird Farms, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $22,129









 Dallas, OR





 La Creole Orchards





 Independent Producer





 $8,500









 Medford, OR





 Our Family Farms





 Agricultural Producer Group





 $55,356









 Port Orford, OR





 Aaron H Longton





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Jacksonville, OR





 Valley View Winery





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Canby, OR





 TMK Farms, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $228,000









 Chiloquin, OR





 Lazy B Ranch, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $58,075









 Gaston, OR





 North Woods,LLC Vivid Stabilized Woods





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Applegate, OR





 Thompson Creek Organics





 Independent Producer





 $100,000









 Dallas, OR





 Chateau Bianca, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $240,000



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Merkley, Wyden Announce $1.9 Million in Grants to Boost Oregon's
Small Agricultural Businesses

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Merkley has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Oregon's Senators Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden announced that 13 Oregon
agricultural businesses will receive a total of $1.9 million in grants to help
them grow and expand. The grants will be provided through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program, which is designed to
help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs nationwide develop
new product lines.





 As the top Democrat on the Senate's Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee,
Merkley has consistently fought to ensure that the VAPG program receives the
funding it needs to boost small businesses and the agricultural economy
nationwide and here in Oregon.



     "Oregon's agricultural small businesses and entrepreneurs are among the
most innovative in the world, and it's great to see their enormous potential
being recognized today," said Merkley. "I'll keep working to make sure that
programs like these get the resources they deserve, so that Oregon's agriculture
industry and rural economy can keep growing and creating new jobs across our
state."



     "Through their tireless hard work and dedication, rural Oregonians have put
our state on the map for producing some of the finest specialty crops, beef,
trees and seeds found around the globe," Wyden said. "This funding will help
make it easier for our farmers and ranchers to continue doing the great work
they do in their fields across Oregon."



 A full list of the businesses receiving grants today follows below.



 Location





 Applicant Name





 Applicant Type





 Grant Amount



 Enterprise, OR





 6 Ranch, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $56,350









 Monmouth, OR





 Olson-Davis, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Woodburn, OR





 Crosby Hop Farm, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $160,000









 Ashland, OR





 Firebird Farms, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $22,129









 Dallas, OR





 La Creole Orchards





 Independent Producer





 $8,500









 Medford, OR





 Our Family Farms





 Agricultural Producer Group





 $55,356









 Port Orford, OR





 Aaron H Longton





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Jacksonville, OR





 Valley View Winery





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Canby, OR





 TMK Farms, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $228,000









 Chiloquin, OR





 Lazy B Ranch, LLC





 Independent Producer





 $58,075









 Gaston, OR





 North Woods,LLC Vivid Stabilized Woods





 Independent Producer





 $250,000









 Applegate, OR





 Thompson Creek Organics





 Independent Producer





 $100,000









 Dallas, OR





 Chateau Bianca, Inc





 Independent Producer





 $240,000



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Stawell Times-News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday
                                Internet Edition

Wine producers to have greater say

BYLINE: Anthony Piovesan

LENGTH: 318 words


Victorian wine producers will have more say on criteria for grants after being
invited to take part in consultation on a state government $10 million Wine
Tourism and Cellar Door Grant program.

Landsborough's Glenkara vineyard owner Ian O'Brien said the announcement would
help bolster the wine industry in the state.

"Anything to help the industry has got to be a good thing," he said.

"Especially for tourism, it overflows into other smaller businesses and helps
keep the money local."

The move would see eligible producers able to access an annual grant of up to
$100,000 per annum for their eligible sales.

Mr O'Brien said it was a sign winemakers were starting to see some recognition
for their efforts.

"Years ago many people got on the bandwagon and started planting vines to make a
quick buck, but they are all gone now and the ones left have been through the
hard times, we are growing good fruit and selling good wine," he said.

"The industry is getting better and better, the Chinese are interested in the
Pyrenees shiraz, it is great recognition."

Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources Anne Ruston said
Australia's wine industry was one of the nation's signature export industries.

"It also makes an important contribution to tourism, particularly in regional
areas," she said.

"It is even one of the only agriculture-based industries where the majority of
the value chain is located in Australia."

The value of Australian wine exports increasing by seven per cent to $2.22
billion in 2016.

"It is important that this success continues to deliver economic and social
benefits in the regions where these products originate by supporting producers'
cellar doors in attracting visitors," Ms Ruston said.

"These grants will go a long way in helping achieve that."

The announcement comes ahead of the Grampians Grape Escape, which is expected to
attract thousands of visitors to the region on May 6-7.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Agriculture in Brief: 04/16/2016

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


April 15--Producer grant workshop

TRAVERSE CITY -- The United States Department of Agriculture will partner with
the Northwest Michigan Small Business Development Center and the Michigan State
University Product Center to offer a workshop on its Value Added Producer Grant
program. The program helps agricultural producers enter into activities that
would generate new products, create and expand marketing opportunities and
increase producer income.

The workshop will help producers learn if the grant program is the right tool
for their farming operation and how local partners can assist with their
application. It will be held on April 26 from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. in the large
conference room at the Traverse City Michigan Works Center, 1209 South Garfield
Ave. There is no charge or registration required to attend the workshop. Contact
the SBDC at 231-922-3780 or at sbdc@networksnorthwest.org for more information.

Food system economic assessment

TRAVERSE CITY -- The Northwest Michigan Food and Farming Network will host a
study session on April 20 from 10:30 a.m. to noon in the Cherry Capital Foods
Board Room, 1610 Barlow Street. Sharron May will present the results of the
network's "Lakes to Land Regional Initiative: Farm and Food System Assessment."

Guests and a board of panelists will be able to discuss the case study, which
received the Michigan Association of Planning 2015 award for Excellence in
Planning and Economic Development. The event is open to the public, and no
registration is required. Contact Carol Danly at foodandfarmingnetwork@gmail.com
for more information.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160415-ZK-Agriculture-in-04-16-2016-0415-20160415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle

                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Emphasis on
military veterans and limited-resource farmers

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

USDA Announces Additional Support for Small and Midsized Farmers and Ranchers;
Second major small farmer package this year includes research awards, technical
assistance and marketing support

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 996  words


WASHINGTON, April 29, 2014 - Today, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced
additional support and resources for America's small and midsized farmers and
ranchers. Today's announcement includes $7 million in university research awards
in support of small and midsized producers; $8.8 million in technical assistance
for small, socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers; and a
marketing certification program for small and very small grass-fed beef
producers. This is the second major USDA package this year in support of small
and midsized producers. The first package included efforts to increase access to
capital, provide better risk management tools, expand marketing opportunities,
and offer food safety training and educational resources specific to America's
small and midsize producers. Today's announcement builds on these efforts.

"Small and midsized producers are a vital part of America's agricultural future,
and we are dedicated to ensuring their success," said Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"The programs and opportunities announced today are part of our ongoing
commitment to ensure that smaller farmers and ranchers get access to the
resources they need to thrive. USDA is continually reviewing our resources,
programs and policies to make sure we are working for producers of all sizes."

More information about USDA tools and resources available to small and mid-sized
farmers, including information about today's announcement, is available on
USDA's Small and Mid-Sized Farmer Resources webpage.

Efforts announced by the Secretary today include:

$7 million in grant awards to 10 universities to develop programs that will
assist small and medium-sized farmers grow their operations, enhance their
production and become economically viable. These awards, made by USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI) Small and Medium-Sized Farms program, focus on developing
models to assist small farmers in their decision making with respect to
management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness and
viability. These awards prioritize strategies enhancing access to markets,
developing local and regional food systems, assessing the impact of economic
changes to new and beginning farmers, and conducting outreach activities which
can inform relevant public policy to enhance --small--farmers'--well-being.--For
example, the University of Illinois received $495,000 to research risk
mitigation participation strategies for small and midsized producers in the
advanced biofuel industry, while Oklahoma State University was awarded $484,000
to research economic development opportunities for small and mid-sized farms in
the local and regional food system. Clarkson University in New York received
$499,000 to study anaerobic digesters for small farms and University of Vermont
was awarded $499,662 to research how to improve the quality of labor management
decisions for small and medium-sized farm operators. A full list of awardees and
their projects is available on the NIFA website.

$8.8 million for technical assistance funding opportunities for small,
socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers.

In support of rebuilding America's rural economy, USDA's Rural Development
Agency is making funding available to small and socially disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers as well as Rural Cooperative Centers. The Small, Socially
Disadvantaged Producei Grant program (SSDPG) will make $3 million available to
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers through eligible cooperatives and cooperative development centers.
Awardees will be able to conduct market research, product and/or service
improvement, feasibility studies, training, and implement business plans.
Applications are being accepted through June 30, 2014. More information about
how to apply is on the Rural Development website.

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program (RCDG) will make up to $5.8
million available to Rural Cooperative Development Centers, which in turn,
provide technical assistance to individuals and entities improving the economic
condition of rural areas by supporting start-up, expansion or operational
improvement of rural cooperatives and other business entities. Cooperatives have
often been the mechanism used by small and midsized producers to work together
to access new markets or market value added products. Information about how to
apply is on the Rural Development website. In 2013, business and cooperative
funding through Rural Development helped 17,773 rural businesses, including
4,200 farmers and 4,472 small businesses. These investments created or saved
over 41,600 jobs. Under the 2014 Farm Bill USDA will be creating an Interagency
Working Group to improve coordination of programs and services between federal
agencies and national and local cooperatives through the RCDG program.

USDA Certification for Small and Very Small Producers of grass-fed beef.
Administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), this new
verification program is tailored to meet the needs of small-scale livestock
producers and the growing grass-fed beef industry. It allows small and very
small-scale producers to certify that their animals meet the requirements of the
grass-fed marketing claim standard, helping them differentiate themselves and
communicate value to their customers. As part of USDA-wide efforts to create
more opportunities for small-scale livestock producers, AMS is targeting
producers that market 49 cattle or less each year by designing a less costly
application process for these producers to use the USDA Certified Grass-Fed
claim. Producers who are certified under the new program will receive
certificates that allow them to market cattle to slaughter facilities as USDA
certified grass-fed, increasing their market value and creating new economic
opportunities throughout the supply chain.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Dickey County Leader

                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

TUESDAY IN LOUDON: SHAHEEN AND AGRICULTURE SECRETARY VILSACK TO ANNOUNCE EFFORTS
TO BOOST NEW HAMPSHIRE RURAL ECONOMY

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) will be joined by Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack Tuesday, August 19, in Loudon at 2:30 p.m. to discuss how the Value
Added Producers Grant program and other U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
programs will promote economic activity in rural New Hampshire and help create
jobs. The Value Added Producers Grant program was developed to help farmers
produce new products with their goods, create and expand marketing
opportunities, and as a result, boost their revenue and income.  Resources for
the Value Added Producers Grant program were increased through the bipartisan
2014 Farm Bill.

For further information please visit: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Cows, emissions and science

BYLINE: Lynn Grant, The Leader-Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 265  words


Agriculture Canada's cow emissions study ("Canadian Taxpayers' Federation blasts
cow emissions study" Leader Post, Sept. 13) is producing value for producer and
taxpayer dollars.

Increasing the efficiency of how cattle digest their food does decrease
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The scientists involved in it were also
investigating how best to store carbon in native grasslands, which also
contributes to healthy grassland and increased wildlife habitat. As a producer,
I find the research community more than willing to share results, and expertise.
It recognizes that sharing this knowledge is a catalyst for change based on
science.

This research was using an innovative collar to measure the methane released as
the cow grazed on different types of grass managed in different rotations. It
wasn't a gas mask. The information helps producers' efforts to improve
production practices and reduce GHGs.

The original story appeared in Summer 2007 issue of The Furrow. This publication
reaches nearly every North American farmer and rancher. Lorne McClinton, who
wrote the original article, and the publisher, John Deere, a well- known
machinery manufacturer, should be commended for recognizing the value of this
research to cattle producers.

Canadian cattle producers support efficient and effective use of taxpayers'
dollars. This research puts scientific fact into climate change discussion and
creates a "win" for all: wildlife habitat, ecosystem functioning, economic
health and rural culture.

Lynn Grant

Grant is environment committee chair for the Canadian Cattlemen's Association

Val Marie

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Northey seeks more specialty-crops funding

BYLINE: Emily Klein

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 489 words


As work on the 2007 Farm Bill continues, Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill
Northey is trying to win support from Iowa lawmakers for specialty crops.

Northey recently sent letters to U.S. Sens. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, and Charles
Grassley, R-Iowa, asking specifically that the Specialty Crops Block Grant
program receive mandatory funding in the new Farm Bill with a base grant of $2
million to each state. The current law provides a base grant of $100,000.

"These funds would help Iowa expand the assistance provided to fruit and
vegetable growers across the state," Northey said. "As the interest in locally
grown food increases, it's important that we support the producers that grow
these crops."

With the funds above the total base amount, each state would receive an amount
that represents the proportion of the value of specialty crop production in the
state in relation to the national value of specialty crop production using the
latest available specialty crop production data set in all states, Northey
states in his letter to Harkin.

The letter stresses that specialty crops are more likely to be impacted by
pests, disease, low prices, labor shortages and lack of funding for research,
promotion and inspection than other commodities.

Because eating specialty crops is a vital part of national efforts to decrease
obesity and increase the nutritional value of school lunch programs, Northey
urges lawmakers to consider increasing financial support to this area of
agriculture.

"Due to the nature of high value specialty crop production, many current farm
bill programs and disaster programs are of limited benefit to specialty crop
producers due to payment caps, limits on Adjusted Gross Income, limits on
off-farm income even integral to farming operations," the letter states.

"USDA should be directed to conduct a thorough review of all farm programs to
ensure that specialty crop producers have access to benefits comparable to other
farmers rather than be excluded or limited simply due to a higher cost of
production."

n

The most recent weekly Iowa Crops and Weather report by the USDA National
Agricultural Statistical Service shows the impact of recent rains.

Topsoil moisture rated 0 percent very short, 2 percent short, 52 percent
adequate and 46 percent surplus across the state. Subsoil moisture rated 2
percent very short, 3 percent short, 57 percent adequate and 38 percent surplus.

Corn condition rated 3 percent very poor, 7 percent poor, 20 percent fair, 48
percent good and 22 percent excellent.

Soybean condition rated 2 percent very poor, 4 percent poor, 19 percent fair, 52
percent good and 23 percent excellent.

Third cutting of alfalfa was 52 percent complete, well behind last year's 79
percent and 18 percentage points behind the five-year average. All hay condition
rated 2 percent very poor, 13 percent poor, 32 percent fair, 45 percent good and
8 percent excellent.

Klein's e-mail: eklein@wcinet.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bureau Provides Tips on Navigating the Federal Grant Maze

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Deciding whether to apply for a federal grant - and when - for a farm or
agribusiness requires significant foresight and self-analysis, according to
grant-writing and rural entrepreneurship experts during a workshop at the
American Farm Bureau Federation's 97th Annual Convention and IDEAg Trade Show.





 Sometimes the effort is worth it, sometimes it may not be, advised the experts.




 A value-added support team in Iowa is made up of agribusiness experts from Iowa
State University, state government and other agencies. The group meets once a
month to review confidential start-up proposals.



 "It's kind of like 'Shark Tank,' but friendlier," joked Denny Harding, Iowa
Farm Bureau Federation's bio-economy manager and a member of the team.



 "Our purpose is to help them discover their weaknesses and some of their
opportunities," Harding said. "It really does seem to help a lot of these
companies that want to get started. And sometimes you can do just as much by
saying, 'Hey, this needs a lot of work and here's what you can work on,'" he
said.



 "Look at where you're going first. Focus on that goal and see what gives you
the best bang for your buck," was the advice of James Matson, owner of Matson
Consulting LLC, a grant-writing specialty firm. "The grant isn't the goal. The
goal is to improve your business and gain money.



 "You're often looking at a multi-year process and you can expect some failures
along the way," Matson said. He added that applying for a grant also involves
considering whether you can accept whatever strings are attached to the money.
Many times producers themselves come to realize that their time would be better
spent growing their business in other ways, he said.



 "We use grant programs as just one tool to help rural businesses grow," said
Christopher Cook, Virginia Farm Bureau Federation's assistant director of rural
development. "When working through the process of applying for a grant,
applicants are learning a lot about their business, especially if one part of
the application is a formal feasibility study.



 "We often think the process is far more important than the grant," Cook said.



 There are a number of federal grants available from the Agriculture Department
and other federal agencies. Some require mountains of paperwork; some are only
four pages. USDA options include Value-Added Producer Grants, the Rural Energy
for America Program and the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education
Program. There are also grants available to help improve farmers' markets and
promote local food programs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bureau Provides Tips on Navigating the Federal Grant Maze

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Deciding whether to apply for a federal grant - and when - for a farm or
agribusiness requires significant foresight and self-analysis, according to
grant-writing and rural entrepreneurship experts during a workshop at the
American Farm Bureau Federation's 97th Annual Convention and IDEAg Trade Show.





 Sometimes the effort is worth it, sometimes it may not be, advised the experts.




 A value-added support team in Iowa is made up of agribusiness experts from Iowa
State University, state government and other agencies. The group meets once a
month to review confidential start-up proposals.



 "It's kind of like 'Shark Tank,' but friendlier," joked Denny Harding, Iowa
Farm Bureau Federation's bio-economy manager and a member of the team.



 "Our purpose is to help them discover their weaknesses and some of their
opportunities," Harding said. "It really does seem to help a lot of these
companies that want to get started. And sometimes you can do just as much by
saying, 'Hey, this needs a lot of work and here's what you can work on,'" he
said.



 "Look at where you're going first. Focus on that goal and see what gives you
the best bang for your buck," was the advice of James Matson, owner of Matson
Consulting LLC, a grant-writing specialty firm. "The grant isn't the goal. The
goal is to improve your business and gain money.



 "You're often looking at a multi-year process and you can expect some failures
along the way," Matson said. He added that applying for a grant also involves
considering whether you can accept whatever strings are attached to the money.
Many times producers themselves come to realize that their time would be better
spent growing their business in other ways, he said.



 "We use grant programs as just one tool to help rural businesses grow," said
Christopher Cook, Virginia Farm Bureau Federation's assistant director of rural
development. "When working through the process of applying for a grant,
applicants are learning a lot about their business, especially if one part of
the application is a formal feasibility study.



 "We often think the process is far more important than the grant," Cook said.



 There are a number of federal grants available from the Agriculture Department
and other federal agencies. Some require mountains of paperwork; some are only
four pages. USDA options include Value-Added Producer Grants, the Rural Energy
for America Program and the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education
Program. There are also grants available to help improve farmers' markets and
promote local food programs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bureau Provides Tips on Navigating the Federal Grant Maze

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Deciding whether to apply for a federal grant - and when - for a farm or
agribusiness requires significant foresight and self-analysis, according to
grant-writing and rural entrepreneurship experts during a workshop at the
American Farm Bureau Federation's 97th Annual Convention and IDEAg Trade Show.





 Sometimes the effort is worth it, sometimes it may not be, advised the experts.




 A value-added support team in Iowa is made up of agribusiness experts from Iowa
State University, state government and other agencies. The group meets once a
month to review confidential start-up proposals.



 "It's kind of like 'Shark Tank,' but friendlier," joked Denny Harding, Iowa
Farm Bureau Federation's bio-economy manager and a member of the team.



 "Our purpose is to help them discover their weaknesses and some of their
opportunities," Harding said. "It really does seem to help a lot of these
companies that want to get started. And sometimes you can do just as much by
saying, 'Hey, this needs a lot of work and here's what you can work on,'" he
said.



 "Look at where you're going first. Focus on that goal and see what gives you
the best bang for your buck," was the advice of James Matson, owner of Matson
Consulting LLC, a grant-writing specialty firm. "The grant isn't the goal. The
goal is to improve your business and gain money.



 "You're often looking at a multi-year process and you can expect some failures
along the way," Matson said. He added that applying for a grant also involves
considering whether you can accept whatever strings are attached to the money.
Many times producers themselves come to realize that their time would be better
spent growing their business in other ways, he said.



 "We use grant programs as just one tool to help rural businesses grow," said
Christopher Cook, Virginia Farm Bureau Federation's assistant director of rural
development. "When working through the process of applying for a grant,
applicants are learning a lot about their business, especially if one part of
the application is a formal feasibility study.



 "We often think the process is far more important than the grant," Cook said.



 There are a number of federal grants available from the Agriculture Department
and other federal agencies. Some require mountains of paperwork; some are only
four pages. USDA options include Value-Added Producer Grants, the Rural Energy
for America Program and the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education
Program. There are also grants available to help improve farmers' markets and
promote local food programs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bureau Provides Tips on Navigating the Federal Grant Maze

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Deciding whether to apply for a federal grant - and when - for a farm or
agribusiness requires significant foresight and self-analysis, according to
grant-writing and rural entrepreneurship experts during a workshop at the
American Farm Bureau Federation's 97th Annual Convention and IDEAg Trade Show.





 Sometimes the effort is worth it, sometimes it may not be, advised the experts.




 A value-added support team in Iowa is made up of agribusiness experts from Iowa
State University, state government and other agencies. The group meets once a
month to review confidential start-up proposals.



 "It's kind of like 'Shark Tank,' but friendlier," joked Denny Harding, Iowa
Farm Bureau Federation's bio-economy manager and a member of the team.



 "Our purpose is to help them discover their weaknesses and some of their
opportunities," Harding said. "It really does seem to help a lot of these
companies that want to get started. And sometimes you can do just as much by
saying, 'Hey, this needs a lot of work and here's what you can work on,'" he
said.



 "Look at where you're going first. Focus on that goal and see what gives you
the best bang for your buck," was the advice of James Matson, owner of Matson
Consulting LLC, a grant-writing specialty firm. "The grant isn't the goal. The
goal is to improve your business and gain money.



 "You're often looking at a multi-year process and you can expect some failures
along the way," Matson said. He added that applying for a grant also involves
considering whether you can accept whatever strings are attached to the money.
Many times producers themselves come to realize that their time would be better
spent growing their business in other ways, he said.



 "We use grant programs as just one tool to help rural businesses grow," said
Christopher Cook, Virginia Farm Bureau Federation's assistant director of rural
development. "When working through the process of applying for a grant,
applicants are learning a lot about their business, especially if one part of
the application is a formal feasibility study.



 "We often think the process is far more important than the grant," Cook said.



 There are a number of federal grants available from the Agriculture Department
and other federal agencies. Some require mountains of paperwork; some are only
four pages. USDA options include Value-Added Producer Grants, the Rural Energy
for America Program and the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education
Program. There are also grants available to help improve farmers' markets and
promote local food programs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Producers urge better incentives for niche crops

BYLINE: Lynnette Hintze, Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words


Oct. 22--Local specialty crop producers made their case for more flexible grant
application processes and enhanced incentives for small growers during a
round-table discussion Thursday with Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont.

Tester held his second "Barnstormin' Farm Bill" session at Glacier Hops Ranch
near Whitefish to hear from farmers as Congress begins constructing a new Farm
Bill. The current Farm Bill expires in 2018 but hearings begin next year.

Sue Snow, co-owner of Tabletree Juice in Bigfork, pointed out how the value
-added producer grant application process has too short of a turnaround between
the time applications are available and when they're due.

Kathy Hadley, executive director of the Butte-based National Center for
Appropriate Technology said she has gotten many comments from small producers
about the ill-timed June deadline for specialty-crop grants. That's one of the
busiest times of year for farmers. She wondered if a winter time line could be
set up.

Tom Britz of Glacier Hops Ranch made a pitch for more flexible grant programs.

"As an entrepreneur you have to plan a year in advance," Britz said. "If you had
the ability to have a flexible application process" small producers would be
better able to react to market opportunities for their crops.

Other producers said the amount of time it takes to administer the grant, such
as completing the required paperwork, makes the process cumbersome.

Pat McGlynn, Montana State University Extension Agent for Flathead County, said
she believes specialty-crop block grants are useful and would like to see an
agriculture innovation center with a food scientist sponsored by the university
system in Montana. In other states the costs of such programs are picked up by
universities.

"At Cornell you could use [the ag innovation center] for free and have access to
a food scientist," McGlynn pointed out.

Mike Jopek of Purple Frog Gardens in Whitefish told Tester about the challenges
of local vegetable producers competing with vegetables imported from other
countries.

"We do compete with growers south of the border," Jopek said. "The cost of labor
is so wildly different for domestic producers. It's a real competition issue."

Andy Sponseller, owner of 10 Spoon Winery in Missoula, echoed Jopek's concern.
He pointed to the huge amount of nationally subsidized wine pouring into
American markets, and stressed the need for more incentives and help with
marketing for small producers.

"How are we going to get the guy down the road to eat our vegetables, drink our
wine?" Sponseller asked. Even if local products are superior to others, "being
at the top of your game is not enough," he said.

Bruce Johnson, president of the Flathead Lake Cherry Growers, told Tester the
Flathead's cherry industry remains heavily dependent on migrant workers,
employing 200 to 300 migrant workers during the harvest season.

"We want to make sure the [new] Farm Bill doesn't have language that would
prohibit" access to the migrant workforce, Johnson said.

Tester said it's important for farmers to start talking now about what works and
what doesn't in the current Farm Bill.

"You guys approach agriculture from the standpoint of economic development,"
Tester said at the round-table discussion. "We need thoughtful discussion rather
than reactive" response.

Britz said afterward that local farmers have found that "completely unrelated
agriculture segments oftentimes share the same problems and are looking for
similar solutions."

A third listening session is planned at 8:30 a.m. Friday, Oct. 28, at the
University of Montana in Missoula.

Anyone with input about what changes could be made to the federal Farm Bill can
email farmbillcomments@tester.senate.gov

Features editor Lynnette Hintze may be reached at 758-4421 or by email at
lhintze@dailyinterlake.com

___ (c)2016 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161022-KG-Producers
-urge-better-incentives-for-niche-crops-1022-20161022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2016 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday

Benin: Rural Economic Growth Support Project

LENGTH: 472  words


The nationwide project, supported by an IFAD loan and grant, will help Benin  s
small-scale rural producers by developing well-integrated value chains for four
non-cotton crops with a broader range of markets. The crops are roots and
tubers, lowland rice, vegetables and pineapples. The overall goal is to support
sustainable rural economic growth and poverty reduction.


The target groups are women, young people and men belonging to village-level
groups involved in income-generating activities and their inter-professional
unions, and rural micro and small-scale enterprises. Accessibility to the most
vulnerable groups was a targeting priority.
The project  s key activities focus on the development of agricultural value
chains and on rural infrastructure.
The project  s objectives are to support:
The development of rural agro-based micro and small-scale enterprises and
income-generating activities as actors in the priority value chains
The establishment and strengthening of inter-professional unions that can defend
members   interests
The construction of rural infrastructure to improve marketing of agricultural
products
Village-level demand will guide project activities. The aim is to assist rural
producers in building value chains that facilitate their access to financial,
technical and other types of support, and also facilitate access to markets. In
line with the government  s policy on decentralization, infrastructure will be
planned and built in collaboration with the local government body representing
village-level interests. The project places emphasis on strengthening both
producers   organizations at village level and their unions to ensure that
farmers, producers, traders, exporters and others involved can influence
decision-making within their value chains.
The expected benefits of the project include:
higher incomes for participants who undertake growing, processing and trading of
cassava, rice, vegetables and pineapples
lower transaction costs as a result of better roads and access to markets
reduced vulnerability because of a broader range of cash crops
The project  s innovative features include:
Application of the umbrella programme concept to all IFAD-financed interventions
in Benin
Continuing support for consolidating and expanding the IFAD-initiated network of
financial service associations
Implementation through delegated responsibility
Introduction of the   push-pull   concept of market-driven support for
production

Total cost: US$47.8 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$9.0 million
Approved DSF grant: US$9.0 million
Duration: 2010 - 2016
Loan number(s): I-774-BJ
Total project cost: US$47.8 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$9.0 million
Approved DSF grant: US$9.0 million
Project type: Rural Development
Approval date: 30/04/2009

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 29, 2003

Minister Signals Executive'S Commitment To Food Producers

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Arable/Cereal; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 298 words


Environment and Rural Development Minister Ross Finnie yesterday signalled the
Scottish Executive's continuing commitment to food producers in the Highlands
and Islands.  He was visiting Tio, an organic vegetable processor based in
Forres.

The firm recently received funding under the processing and marketing grant
scheme, which is run by the Executive as part of the Highlands and Islands
special transitional programme.

The July, 2003, round of the scheme provided almost £400,000 of support to a
number of projects in the Highlands and Islands.

Tio received £372,496 with additional back up of £86,916 from Moray, Badenoch
and Strathspey Enterprise to part-fund an organic packhouse.

This adds to the £37,000 awarded earlier under the scheme towards processing
equipment.

Mr Finnie said: "The Scottish Executive is committed to improving links between
producers, processors and consumers.

"Scottish produce is highly valued, and rightly so. We want to see more of the
value added through processing retained on the farms and in the communities
where it is produced.

"Since its introduction in 2001, the processing and marketing grant scheme has
delivered over £3.6million towards the cost of capital investment and improved
marketing of agricultural produce in the Highlands and Islands.

"This has resulted in a total investment of over £13million and is expected to
create over 90 jobs in the area. I am delighted that the scheme is successfully
providing practical help to producers and processors, such as Tio, to ensure
that local produce is processed here, rather than out with the area.

"Projects assisted will increase returns to producers, create new added value
products and encourage businesses to be more competitive in the marketplace."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Emphasis on
military veterans and limited-resource farmers

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Nicaragua: Value Chain and Market Access Project for Small-scale Producers
Project

LENGTH: 193  words


Total cost: US$22.9 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$3.9 million
Approved DSF grant: US$3.9 million
Duration: 2008 - 2015
Directly benefiting: 10,500 households
Cofinancing:


Central-American Bank for Econ.Integration (BCIE) (US$8.0 million)
OPEC Fund for International Development (US$0.0 million)
Status: Ongoing
This project will help small-scale producers in three of the poorest departments
of Nicaragua improve their income and employment opportunities. It will focus on
landless rural people and small-scale coffee, dairy and grain producers affected
by droughts, floods and other natural disasters.
Specifically, the project will help small-scale producers:
Identify leading participants in selected value chains and develop alliances
with them
Improve production, processing, entrepreneurial activities and management
through better access to financial and non-financial services
Develop their capacities and strengthen their social and economic organizations

Improve the rural road network
IFAD will provide additional support to this project through a US$3.9 million
grant approved under the debt sustainability framework (DSF).

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Central Midlands Advocate

                                October 28, 2015

Grants to increase agricultural exports

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 281  words


Western Australian grower groups and producer organisations have the opportunity
to apply for up to $500,000 to help capture new agricultural export
opportunities and build on research and development activities.

Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston encouraged interested parties to submit
an expression of interest to obtain a grant from the Grower Group Research and
Development Grants program.

Mr Baston said $17 million would be available over two rounds to support applied
research and development activities across the agricultural sector and
throughout the State.

"The first funding round, which has $7 million available, is now open for grants
of between $20,000 and $500,000," he said.

"The rest of the funds will be available in the second round in 2016. The grants
are designed to assist recipients to grow and develop so that they are in a
strong position to pursue high value export markets.

"The money can be for a range of improvements, from streamlining supply chain
linkages, to value-adding or developing new products, to attracting capital
investment or enhancing farm productivity."

Regional Development Minister Terry Redman said the grants program was part of
the four-year Agricultural Sciences Research and Development Fund, made possible
by the State Government's Royalties for Regions program.

"Grower and producer groups are some of regional WA's key businesses and these
grants will support them to undertake further research and development," Mr
Redman said.

"Through the $300 million Seizing the Opportunity in Agriculture initiative,
Royalties for Regions is investing in long-term growth strategies to transform
Western Australia's agriculture and food sector."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 15, 1982 Friday

Manitoba   unveils   beef plan

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: BRANDON, MB


BRANDON, Man.  (CP) - A new $41.5-million beef stabilization plan unveiled
 yesterday will establish a central marketing agency in Manitoba and give
 producers sign-up grants of up to $6,000.

The program, unveiled by Agriculture Minister Bill Uruski after six
 months of haggling, involves a price insurance scheme funded jointly by
 producers and the Manitoba Government.

Mr. Uruski said the program is essential to arrest a decline in beef
 cattle numbers, which have fallen 20 per cent in the province during the
 past five years.

The program, which was first announced April 1, retains a controversial
 plan to set up a central marketing agency to handle all cattle enrolled in
 the program.

Central marketing has been opposed by both the Manitoba Cattle
 Producers Association and the Progressive Conservative Opposition.

Under the plan, which is retroactive to Sept. 1, producers will sign up
 for a specific support price level ranging from $80 to $85 a
 hundredweight. Premiums paid by producers will range from 3 to 7 per cent
 of the gross value of the cattle, depending on the level of support.

The Government will contribute 3 per cent of the premium the first
 year, 2.5 per cent the next year and 2 per cent after that.

Grants of up to a maximum of $6,000 will be paid to producers who sign
 up for the program, which is voluntary. The grants, larger amounts of
 which will be paid to smaller producers, have to be paid back if the
 producer drops out of the program within four years of signing on.

Of the $41.5-million, only $17-million will be for grants and
 government contributions, while $4-million will be set aside to ensure the
 solvency of the plan and $20-million will be turned over to the Manitoba
 Agriculture Credit Corp.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

Finalists Ussher in chance to win

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 271  words


AFTER narrowing down a deserving field of growers, farmers and producers to just
four finalists, judges of the 2011 BCU Bill Ussher Agriculture Grant have been
overwhelmed by the skills and enthusiasm shown in this year's nominations.

The panel of judges from BCU, rural media, government and agricultural
backgrounds are conducting field visits to interview finalists who are hoping to
secure the grant to contribute to their agricultural or business education.

This year's finalists include a blueberry farmer from Bonville, NSW, honey
producers from the Coffs Coast, a broad-acre grain and tea tree producer from
the Casino district and an organic small crop farmer from Federal in the Byron
Bay hinterland.

The chosen finalists all have big projects in sight, and have applied for the
grant to help them achieve learning opportunities as varied as irrigation
courses, best practice industry seminars, improved genetics and organic farming
for ginger production.

BCU offers the $11,000 BCU Bill Ussher Agricultural Grant to producers and
farmers looking to boost their operations through formal or informal training.
The winner receives $7700 with the runner-up receiving $3300 towards furthering
their education.

The annual grant is offered in memory of BCU's founding chairman and first
member, Bill Ussher, and his contribution to BCU's formative years and to
agriculture on the North Coast of NSW.

Last year's winners, Pomona lychee producers John and Kerry Pool, have made good
use of the grant by investigating value-added processing methods which have the
potential to improve return for other Australian fruit growers.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

USDA grant helps couple open winery

BYLINE: Danielle Woodward, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Dec. 15--CEDAR -- Farmers Creighton and McKenzie Gallagher have worked toward
opening their own winery for the last five years, but it was a concept the
couple dreamed about for nearly a decade.

The Gallaghers expect their years of hard work to pay off this spring, when they
open Rove Estate Vineyard and Winery.

"We can't believe its actually happening," said McKenzie Gallagher. "We've been
building for two months, and to see the progress, it's surreal."

A $250,000 Value-Added Producer Grant from the United States Department of
Agriculture gave the project a boost.

"The grants are designed to help agriculture producers that are taking a basic
crop and enhancing it," said USDA Michigan Public Information Officer Alec
Lloyd. "One key example is wine. Grapes sold in bulk have a low value versus
once that they have been pressed, aged and bottled."

The USDA grant will reimburse half of the couple's expenses of opening the
winery -- up to $250,000, but does not cover any costs incurred before they
officially received the grant in October.

The couple can use the working capital grant for expenses like marketing,
advertising, staff, supplies and equipment to make it easier to get the business
off the ground.

"It would take five times longer for us to be in the black if we didn't have
this grant, so this is a big deal," McKenzie said. "We have no other income
besides farming, and opening a winery is very capital intensive."

McKenzie hopes their story will inspire other farmers to look into ways to
pursue their own goals.

"My husband and I are just grassroots farmers with a big dream, and we hope that
transcends in our brand," she said. "You don't have to be the stereotypical
wealthy business owner to do something special."

The couple started working on a grant application when they realized they needed
more resources for the winery -- six months before the USDA announced this
particular program.

"It's always a good time to apply," Lloyd said. "Once you make contact with us,
we can keep you up to date with the next funding cycle."

Part of the application included an independent feasibility study of the Rove
Estate performed by the Michigan State University Product Center. It predicted
the winery would have a $1.32 million economic impact and add 25 jobs.

"We hope to compliment the area's already successful industry and be a part of
something great," McKenzie said.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151215-ZK-USDA-grant-helps-couple-open-winery-1215-20151215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle

                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 13, 2009 Tuesday

Business Briefs ? Oct. 13, 2009

BYLINE: Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words


Oct. 13--WINERY EARNS AWARD: Carpenter Creek Winery's 2006 Pinot Noir was named
"Best Pinot Noir" in a competition for Western Washington wines at the Evergreen
State Fair in Monroe. The 2006 Pinot Noir also took a silver medal at the Mason
County Fair in Ellensburg. Carpenter Creek Winery is located at 20376 E. Hickox
Road. 360-848-6673 or .

YMCA HIRES FITNESS DIRECTOR: Stefanie Ash has been hired as the new fitness
director at the Skagit Valley Family YMCA, 215 E. Fulton St. Ash, a 2007
graduate of the Sports Psychology program at Western Washington University, will
oversee all fitness classes, programs and schedules. 360-336-9622.

GOODWILL OFFERS CLASSES: Mount Vernon Goodwill's Job Training and Education
Center, 102 Valley Mall Way, is now registering for free ESOL classes and
computer classes in English and Spanish. The eight-week session will run from
Oct. 19 through Dec. 10. Classes include computer fundamentals, Microsoft Word
and Excel.  Instructors can also help with job searches, resume and cover letter
writing and interview practice. Call 360-848-1816 or visit .

WORKSHOPS FOR JOB SEEKERS: WorkSource Skagit offers free workshops for job
seekers. All workshops are held at WorkSource Skagit, 2005 E. College Way. Call
360-416-3600 for information on these classes:

Job Search Strategies: 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13.

Skills and Abilities Analysis: 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13.

Interviewing Techniques: 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, and Tuesday, Oct.
20.

Resumes and Cover Letters: 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, and Tuesday,
Oct. 20.

WHIDBEY JOB SEARCH ASSISTANCE: WorkSource Whidbey offers free workshops for job
seekers. All workshops are held at WorkSource Whidbey, 31975 SR 20, Suite 3
(park in the School District lot and walk to WorkSource). Call 360-675-5966 for
information on these classes:

Job Search Strategies: 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday, Oct. 14.

Job Fair Prep: 1 to 2 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 14.

Computer Basics: 10 a.m. to noon Thursday, Oct. 15.

Personal Values Inventory: 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday, Oct. 21.

Interviewing Techniques: 1 to 4 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 21.

JOB FAIR ON WHIDBEY: WorkSource Whidbey will offer a free job fair from noon to
4 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 22, at the Elks Lodge, 155 NE Ernst St. Contact Greg Rolfe
at 360-675-5966 or e-mail .

REFERRAL GROUP TO MEET: Skagit PROs, a professional referral organization, meets
at 8:45 a.m. every Thursday at Forks & Knives Restaurant, 1627 Freeway Drive.
For information or a membership application, call Mary Riley at 360-770-0440 or
visit .

GRANT-WRITING WORKSHOP: The Northwest Agriculture Business Center will host a
grant-writing workshop to assist producers in applying for a USDA Value-Added
Producer Grant from 8:30 a.m. to noon Tuesday, Oct. 20, at the Burlington Public
Library, 820 E. Washington Ave. The workshop is designed to provide practical
assistance in putting together a complete grant application, including
completion of forms and other documentation. There is no charge to attend, but
space is limited and reservations are required. 360-336-3727. For information
about the USDA Value-Added Producer grant, visit .

BROWN BAG LUNCH: The Economic Development Association of Skagit County will
present "A/R, A/P, Collections and other Tales of Cash Flow" as part of the
Brown Bag Lunch Series at noon Thursday, Oct. 22, at the EDASC office, 204 West
Montgomery.

Offered every other Thursday, the series allows new and existing business owners
to learn from each other's experiences. $10 for EDASC members. $20 for
nonmembers. Lunch included; advance registration required. Call 360-336-6114 or
visit .

To see more of the Skagit Valley Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.goskagit.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon,
Wash. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091013-UV-Business-Briefs-Oct-13-2009-1013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                                 Copyright 2009

                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday

Four USDA grants advance regional food systems research at MSU

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: East Lansing


Michigan State University has issued the following news release:

Researchers on staff and affiliated with the MSU Center for Regional Food
Systems have been awarded four grants, totaling $1.95 million, from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture. The
grants, made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative, will
support much needed research on local and regional food systems in Michigan.

In a statewide project, Richard Pirog, CRFS senior associate director, and
Judith Barry, CRFS academic specialist, will manage the development of a
public-private workgroup model to increase the viability of small and midsized
livestock producers in Michigan who want to supply local and regional markets
with high-quality meat products. The project was developed by CRFS's Livestock
Work Group, which is composed of MSU faculty, staff and Extension educators.

"This project is a result of convening Michigan meat and livestock stakeholders,
who identified challenges associated with producing, processing, marketing and
buying within Michigan," Pirog said. "Although market demand for local and
regional meats appears to be increasing, current efforts are not coordinated
along the value chain to address the technical and financial challenges of
smaller livestock producers, processors and their buyers."

This project will support a marketing specialist to strengthen networks and
business-to-business cooperation among small to midsized livestock producers.
CRFS Livestock Work Group members will examine constraints to small and midsized
farms through coordinated research projects, with the goal of increasing the
volume of and profitability in local and regional meat sales. The project will
also build the capacity of a public-private work group model to collectively
address value chain challenges unique to these producers and processors.

CRFS Livestock Work Group members collaborating on this project are Richard
Ehrhardt, MSU Extension specialist, Craig Harris, MSU sociology associate
professor, William Knudson, MSU Product Center marketing economist, Steven
Miller, MSU agricultural, food and resource economics assistant professor, Jason
Rowntree, MSU animal science assistant professor and Sarah Wells, MSU Extension
meat science academic specialist.

In addition to the award to CRFS, NIFA recently announced three grant awards to
affiliates of CRFS. Two of those projects are based at the MSU Upper Peninsula
Research and Extension Center.

At UPREC, Rowntree will lead a project to identify economically feasible
grass-finished beef production strategies that build relationships between
processors and distributors. Faculty members from across the MSU campus will
collaborate on this project. They include Wells; Kimberly Cassida, MSU Extension
specialist in the Department of Plant, Soil and Microbial Sciences; Matt Raven,
professor in the Department of Community Sustainability; Janice Harte, associate
professor in the Department of Food Science and Human Nutrition; and Jeannine
Schweihofer, an MSU Extension educator.

In another NIFA-funded project, Raven will establish an incubator farm at UPREC.
The farm will be a low-risk, experiential learning tool that provides
infrastructure to growers interested in entering the agriculture industry. It
will provide students and Upper Peninsula residents with hands-on instruction in
entrepreneurial, four-season food production. Collaborators on the UPREC
incubator farm are John A. Biernbaum, professor in the Department of
Horticulture; Laura Schmitt Olabisi, assistant professor in the Department of
Community Sustainability; Rowntree and Cassida.

Brent Ross, an assistant professor in the Department of Agricultural, Food and
Resource Economics, received the fourth NIFA award, to examine collective
entrepreneurial action by small and midsized farms.

Researchers will study the development of food hubs, businesses or organizations
that manage the aggregation, distribution and marketing of source-identified
food products in Michigan and Missouri. Robert Shupp, associate professor in the
Department of Agricultural, Food and Resource Economics; Randall Westgren and
Fabio Chaddad, associate professors of applied economics at the University of
Missouri, will partner with Ross on this project.

Each researcher leading the recently funded projects is a CRFS staff member or
affiliate, as are many of their collaborators. This connection will provide
opportunities for sharing progress and results, facilitate collaboration across
projects, and contribute to the collective understanding of regional food
systems.

The projects, awarded through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative,
aim to promote economically, socially and environmentally sustainable
agriculture and resilient rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.msu.edu

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday

Four USDA grants advance regional food systems research at MSU

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: East Lansing


Michigan State University has issued the following news release:

Researchers on staff and affiliated with the MSU Center for Regional Food
Systems have been awarded four grants, totaling $1.95 million, from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture. The
grants, made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative, will
support much needed research on local and regional food systems in Michigan.

In a statewide project, Richard Pirog, CRFS senior associate director, and
Judith Barry, CRFS academic specialist, will manage the development of a
public-private workgroup model to increase the viability of small and midsized
livestock producers in Michigan who want to supply local and regional markets
with high-quality meat products. The project was developed by CRFS's Livestock
Work Group, which is composed of MSU faculty, staff and Extension educators.

"This project is a result of convening Michigan meat and livestock stakeholders,
who identified challenges associated with producing, processing, marketing and
buying within Michigan," Pirog said. "Although market demand for local and
regional meats appears to be increasing, current efforts are not coordinated
along the value chain to address the technical and financial challenges of
smaller livestock producers, processors and their buyers."

This project will support a marketing specialist to strengthen networks and
business-to-business cooperation among small to midsized livestock producers.
CRFS Livestock Work Group members will examine constraints to small and midsized
farms through coordinated research projects, with the goal of increasing the
volume of and profitability in local and regional meat sales. The project will
also build the capacity of a public-private work group model to collectively
address value chain challenges unique to these producers and processors.

CRFS Livestock Work Group members collaborating on this project are Richard
Ehrhardt, MSU Extension specialist, Craig Harris, MSU sociology associate
professor, William Knudson, MSU Product Center marketing economist, Steven
Miller, MSU agricultural, food and resource economics assistant professor, Jason
Rowntree, MSU animal science assistant professor and Sarah Wells, MSU Extension
meat science academic specialist.

In addition to the award to CRFS, NIFA recently announced three grant awards to
affiliates of CRFS. Two of those projects are based at the MSU Upper Peninsula
Research and Extension Center.

At UPREC, Rowntree will lead a project to identify economically feasible
grass-finished beef production strategies that build relationships between
processors and distributors. Faculty members from across the MSU campus will
collaborate on this project. They include Wells; Kimberly Cassida, MSU Extension
specialist in the Department of Plant, Soil and Microbial Sciences; Matt Raven,
professor in the Department of Community Sustainability; Janice Harte, associate
professor in the Department of Food Science and Human Nutrition; and Jeannine
Schweihofer, an MSU Extension educator.

In another NIFA-funded project, Raven will establish an incubator farm at UPREC.
The farm will be a low-risk, experiential learning tool that provides
infrastructure to growers interested in entering the agriculture industry. It
will provide students and Upper Peninsula residents with hands-on instruction in
entrepreneurial, four-season food production. Collaborators on the UPREC
incubator farm are John A. Biernbaum, professor in the Department of
Horticulture; Laura Schmitt Olabisi, assistant professor in the Department of
Community Sustainability; Rowntree and Cassida.

Brent Ross, an assistant professor in the Department of Agricultural, Food and
Resource Economics, received the fourth NIFA award, to examine collective
entrepreneurial action by small and midsized farms.

Researchers will study the development of food hubs, businesses or organizations
that manage the aggregation, distribution and marketing of source-identified
food products in Michigan and Missouri. Robert Shupp, associate professor in the
Department of Agricultural, Food and Resource Economics; Randall Westgren and
Fabio Chaddad, associate professors of applied economics at the University of
Missouri, will partner with Ross on this project.

Each researcher leading the recently funded projects is a CRFS staff member or
affiliate, as are many of their collaborators. This connection will provide
opportunities for sharing progress and results, facilitate collaboration across
projects, and contribute to the collective understanding of regional food
systems.

The projects, awarded through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative,
aim to promote economically, socially and environmentally sustainable
agriculture and resilient rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.msu.edu

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 10, 2015 Sunday

Agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Robert Digitale, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


May 10--Learn more about sheep shearing at Barn to Yarn day

The UC Hopland Research and Extension Center on May 23 will present Barn to
Yarn, a day of sheep shearing and wool demonstrations.

Expert shearer Matt Gilbert will offer demonstrations with a few of the center's
flock of over 800 western whiteface sheep.

Visitors can see different kinds of wool and learn how to grade them. The day
also will feature spinning and weaving demonstrations and workshops for children
on making spindles.

Barn to Yarn will be held from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the center's Rod Shippey
Hall, 4070 University Road, Hopland.

Admission is $5 for adults, while children under 12 are free. To register
online, go to http://hrec.ucanr.edu. For more information contact Hannah Bird,
744-1424, ext. 105, hbird@ucanr.edu

USDA offers money to develop new ag products

Farmers and ranchers can apply for a share of $30 million in federal funds to
develop new value-added products.

The funds are available through USDA's Value-Added Producer Grant program. The
money may be used to help agricultural producers turn raw commodities into value
-added products, expand marketing opportunities and develop new uses for
existing products.

Paper applications will be accepted until July 7 and electronic applications
submitted through Grants.gov are due July 2. More information on how to apply
can be found on page 26528 of the May 8, Federal Register.

Last year, seven such grants totaling $719,914 were awarded in California,
helping a total of 4,000 farmers.

Congressman seeks more water for Central Valley, less for fish

A new chapter in a battle over Trinity River water is taking place as a Central
Valley congressman seeks to limit the amount of flows used to keep the river's
salmon from being sickened by disease.

Instead, U.S. Rep. Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale, has introduced legislation that
would prohibit extra releases from Lewiston Dam and retain the water for Central
Valley Project water recipients.

The past two years, the Westlands Water District and other San Joaquin Valley
agriculture interests unsuccessfully sued the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation to stop
the higher flows for fish each autumn.

"We need every drop we can spare during this crisis, and this amendment will put
an end to this misuse," LaMalfa said of the current drought.

However, fish and wildlife groups said Malfa's proposal could lead to a massive
fish die-off downstream in the Klamath River, of which the Trinity is a
tributary.

Press Democrat staff and wire reports. Submit items to
robert.digitale@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150510-UR-Agriculture-briefs-0510-20150510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat

                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 823  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            East Anglian Daily Times

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

Dairy farmers offered hope of 'added clout'

BYLINE: Duncan Brodie

SECTION: BIZZ

LENGTH: 379 words


DAIRY farmers are being given the chance to bid for grants worth up to £25,000
to help them become more competitive when selling their produce.

The money will come from a £5million cash-pot set up in the wake of controversy
earlier this year, which saw dairy farmers protesting about the low prices
supermarkets were paying them for milk.



Farming minister David Heath said he would also bring in new rules to allow
farmers to set up "producer organisations" and sell their milk in bulk, giving
them more clout to negotiate prices with powerful buyers.

Mr Heath said: "We've already got the industry code of practice, and negotiating
as groups rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even louder voice
to get their just rewards from the marketplace.

"Our £5m dairy fund will also allow producers to develop other means of
cooperation and grab business opportunities with both hands."

Most dairy farmers currently negotiate with supermarkets and food processors as
individuals, but this has often meant big companies could use their powerful
market position to enforce low prices on farms that did not cover the cost of
producing milk.

Yesterday, Mr Heath launched a consultation which will end in January on new
rules to make it easier for individual farmers to team up and negotiate fairer
prices together.

The £5m dairy fund will allow farmers to apply for grants to explore new
business opportunities, such as investing in new technology or covering the
costs of setting up a producer organisation.

Mr Heath pointed out that the UK currently imports £1.2billion more of dairy
produce than it exports, meaning there is huge potential for growth in domestic
and export sales.

NFU chief dairy adviser Robert Newbery said: "The NFU believes that
collaborating and adding value to raw milk can be an extremely powerful means by
which farmers get a fairer share of the end value of dairy products.

"The £5m funding will help groups of dairy farmers to explore all forms of
collaboration, including forming Producer Organisations (POs) to improve their
bargaining power and add value to milk.

"The NFU will be assisting groups of farmers who want to form POs, by
facilitating communications with the NFU farmer database, with the provision of
technical guidance and also lobbying."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 NORTHERN MINER

                            January 13, 2006 Friday

MLA has R&D grants on offer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 325  words


MEAT and Livestock Australia are offering grants up to $15,000 over two years to
qualified producer groups.

Producer Initiated Research and Development (PIRD) projects include research
initiatives, new technologies, cost of a consultant or facilitator or
educational fact-finding trips.

With this year's applications closing on February 28, time is running out to get
ideas on paper.

The grants are available to beef, lamb, sheepmeat and goatmeat producer groups
Australia-wide and aims to increase producer involvement in research and
development at a grass roots level.

It is also a great opportunity to tackle local issues.

The PIRD program was created so producers can conduct their own research and
development to address everyday problems and find practical solutions, trial new
technologies in their own environment, solve local issues that directly impact
on profitability and producers can learn and work together on common problems.

To meet the set criteria, projects need to be nominated as a producer group
effort, have direct value for the beef, sheepmeat or goatmeat activities of the
groups members, be practical and technically sound, have clear objectives with a
means for achieving a successful outcome, and must indicate a significant
personal commitment to the project.

Group members must also be physically involved with the project and be willing
to share information with the whole industry.

Projects must be completed within three years and larger or more experienced
groups can apply for increased funding.

The PIRD program is flexible and recognises that each producer group has unique
needs.

Groups are expected to seek sponsorship of consumables where possible, eg
electric fencing, fertiliser, herbicides or tags.

For more information please contact Gerald Martin on 08 8556 2900 or visit the
web at www.mla.com.au/TopicHierarchy/ResearchAndDevelop

ment/FundingOpport

unities/Producerre

searchsupport/PIRD/ to download the application form.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: MIN


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                 March 17, 2017

Feedback wanted on wine grants

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 183  words


WINE producers are invited to take part in consultation on the Australian
Government's $10million Wine Tourism and Cellar Door Grant program.

"The government wants to support producers who add value and contribute to their
communities by encouraging visitors to wine regions," Minister for Revenue and
Financial Services Kelly O'Dwyer said.

Senator Anne Ruston, Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources, and
MsO'Dwyer have called on producers to have their say on the program after the
release of a consultation paper to inform the delivery of the grants.

"Eligible producers will be able to access an annual grant of up to $100,000 per
annum (plus GST) for their eligible sales," Senator Ruston said.

"Australia's wine industry is not only one of our signature export industries
but also makes an important contribution to tourism, particularly in regional
areas," she said.

The consultation paper can be viewed online at www.agriculture.gov.au /wine-
grant.

Interested parties can make a submission until April 11. Submit your thoughts
and feedback by emailing winegrant@agriculture.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TRW


                    Copyright 2017 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                           December 22, 1992 Tuesday

Queensland swings cement value to Adelaide

BYLINE: MCCRANN T

SECTION: HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 1063 words


AT first glance Adelaide Brighton's cement merger looks like one of those great
1980s deals where two and two is made to add to five - or even seven.

Adelaide Brighton is merging the bulk of its cement operations, and most
especially its state-of-the-art Birkinhead plant in South Australia, with the
Geelong plant owned by Australian Cement Holdings, and will emerge with 51 per
cent of the enlarged business.

Investment bankers Grant Samuel & Associates have done an independent evaluation
of the proposal and concluded it will add significant value for Adelaide
Brighton shareholders.

On Grant Samuel's numbers, the business Adelaide Brighton is injecting into the
marriage is worth $118-$148 million. But the value of its investment in the
enlarged entity will be worth $208-$233 million.

Does this mean that Australian Cement (which is jointly owened by CSR and
Pioneer International) is generously passing across somewhere between $60
million and $115 million of value to Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders? The
simple answer is no - so, do we have a case of two and two adding to five or
more? In one sense it is. Australian Cement and its shareholders are not losing
out, and Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders are gaining - although arguably
something less than indicated by those numbers.

But unlike those wonderful deals in the 1980s, the value is not emerging from
thin air, but coming from somewhere tangible. And that's from an unconnected
third party, Queensland Cement - which gets badly burned by the deal.

For the added value to the new cement operation comes from long-term sales
contracts given to it as part of the deal, which will probably see Queensland
Cement selling less cement, and selling it less profitably.Which is why it is
less than pleased with the proposal.

This is indicated very clearly in the Grant Samuel report which states that it
is 'the sales contracts rather than the acquisition of the Geelong works that
leads to the real benefits for Adelaide Brighton.' Which as indicated, Grant
Samuel concludes are substantial.

It sees the deal adding nearly $9 million to Adelaide Brighton's after-tax
profit, which should boost earnings per share in the 1993-94 year by 32 per cent
from 11.1c to 14.7c.

WHEN you add on the fact the deal dramatically improves Adelaide Brighton's
balance sheet by taking $102 million of debt out and into the merged entity -
thereby slicing Adelaide Brighton's gearing from 49 to 39 per cent - the
benefits for shareholders are even more substantial.

To understand how this comes about, you need to appreciate two things. The
current structure of Australia's cement industry, and what emerges from this
deal.

The two key points about the cement industry today is its heavy overcapacity
with the end of the building and construction boom.

Total production capacity is about 7.3 million tonnes per year, but demand is
running at only 5.9 million tonnes.

And secondly, the industry splits into two groups.

TWO majors in Australian Cement and Boral which produce largely for their own
consumption as big players in building activities.

And two other majors in Adelaide Brighton and Queensland Cement which are not
vertically integrated and are the swing producers making cement for small
players and any excess demand from the other two.

Under the merger proposal, Adelaide Brighton will largely cease to be a swing
producer, as it signs long-term contracts with Australian Cement and its two
shareholders to supply 300,000-plus tonnes a year.And the loser out of that has
to be Queensland Cement which is left as the sole swing producer.

Being a swing producer is great in the good times. You sell a lot of cement, and
at a premium.

In the bad times it's bad news - and whatever happens to the economy more
broadly, we are most unlikely to return to the boom construction days of the
late-1980s any time soon.

Especially as Australian Cement is upgrading its Goliath plant - which is not
included in the deal, but will mean it will have stakes in the two
state-of-the-art plants in the country with aggregate capacity of 2.2 million
tonnes.

Now, a qualification to this is the way the industry operates on the ground,
with borrow-and-loan arrangements around the country to save on freight costs.
With Queensland likely to be significantly less depressed than the southern
states, this will help Queensland Cement temper the pain somewhat.

But the bottom line is that it's the loser. In not itself being able to get into
bed with Australian Cement and leave Adelaide Brighton as the swing producer,
and in not directly snaring that company and its Birkenhead plant.

It had bought an 8 per cent shareholding in Adelaide Brighton to have a seat at
the table when the dealing was done - but has been neatly bypassed.

AT this stage the TPC has not said boo to a deal which will significantly
concentrate the industry and put the two state-of-the-art plants almost under
one roof. And probably won't, as Adelaide Brighton keeps management control of
Birkenhead and Geelong.

From a corporate perspective, it would probably have been better to include the
Goliath plant, but as Adelaide Brighton could not fund a 51 per cent stake in
such an enlarged venture, it did not want to be watered down to perhaps 25-30
per cent.

And having Australian Cement as the majority partner would certainly have
incurred the wrath of the TPC.

The deal has to be approved by Adelaide Brighton shareholders and Queensland
Cement will probably vote against it, and perhaps also Boral which also has a
shareholding for a seat at the Birkenhead table.

But even with Pioneer not being able to vote its shares, Adelaide Brighton can
probably muster enough yes's.

Arguably Schroders - who did not do an independent evaluation of the Pacific BBA
bid for Siddons Ramset - is looking at Siddons through 1980s rose-colou$red
glasses. And at Pacific BBA through steelier 1990s lenses.

Nevertheless, it makes a good case that Siddons is worth something north of $2 a
share, and the Pacific BBA offer (and shares) fall somewhere south of that
figure.

That leaves a big gap to be made up, especially when a third party - the
Illinois Tool Works - is sitting right on the $2 demarcation line with a
straight cash offer.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

Limestone Bluffs offers ag loans

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 164 words


Limestone Bluffs RC&D can work with producers through its own Rural Business
Enterprise Revolving Loan Fund in conjunction with a USDA program.

Limestone Bluffs RC&D's loan program offers small, low-interest loans to
agricultural producers within the six-county region, including Dubuque, Delaware
and Jackson counties.

An "agricultural producer" is defined as farmer, rancher, logger, agricultural
harvester or fisherman who produces or harvests an agricultural commodity. The
projects funded through these grants can range from increasing farm income or
creating new jobs to contributions to the community or rural economic
development.

Grants may be used to fund one of the following:

* Develop business plans and feasibility studies needed to establish viable
marketing opportunities for value-added products.

* Acquire working capital to operate a value-added business venture or alliance.

For more information, contact Limestone Bluffs RC&D at 563-652-5104 or
office@limestonebluffsrcd.org

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

New Orleans, LA - Feb. 2, 2015 - Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy
Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA) announced more than $18 million in grants to
educate, mentor, and enhance the sustainability of the next generation of
farmers. The grants are available through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP) administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), which was authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                            October 22, 2007 Monday

Caulfield's 'Blues' earns Sloan grant

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: FILM INDEX; NEWS

LENGTH: 96  words


Monique Caulfield, who is producing the feature "Basmati Blues," is the
recepient of Film Independent's first annual Sloan Producers Grant and will
receive a $25,000 development grant and admission to FIND's 2007 Producers Lab.

Funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the grant was announced Sunday at
FIND's Filmmaker Forum at the DGA.

Honorable mentions went to Gretchen Somerfeld and David Baxter's "Face Value"
and Minh Nguyen-Vo and Julien Favre's "Point of Reference." FIND also announced
that producer Ram Bergman will lead this year's Producers Lab, which begins
Monday.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2007 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Carefully screened, plugs can put wind in the sales

BYLINE: John Elder, Daniel Vigilante

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 786 words


THE cunning placement of products on the screen, now banned in Britain, is going
great guns in Australia.

While British film and television producers moan about Â£30 million ($A62
million) in lost revenue because of the controls, in Australia there are no
signs of legislative interference.

According to James Grant Hay, of the In Shot product placement agency, the
Australian market is worth "in the order" of $150 million a year, the world's
fifth-biggest.

"It's definitely on the rise in Australia," he said. "We're following the US
trend, where the overall value is about $2 billion."

Mr Grant Hay, whose job largely entails reading scripts, looks for the best
moments to place products alongside the human stars.

"We evaluate scripts day in and day out on behalf of producers looking for those
brand opportunities," he said.

"We then approach the brand owners, such as car makers or fashion houses."

Instead of selling a traditional 30-second commercial ad spot on television, Mr
Grant Hay sells momentary appearances within storylines.

"We don't like to intrude on the story narrative, and certainly the producer
doesn't want the story to change. The real value in all this is scripted
integration, where an agency like ours can sit down with a producer or a writer
and work out how a product can be scripted into the storyline.

"As with James Bond driving an Aston Martin, which is in context with the
character. But as an advertising strategy, when done well, the placement goes
unnoticed by the viewer."

Mr Grant Hay said all local free-to-air TV networks had set up programs
specifically geared to integrating brands into the shows.

He said Channel Seven was taking the lead with a made-to-order department
designed to "extend brand presence".

Judy Allen, who heads the department, did not return calls from The Sunday Age.

Product placement is not new. It began in the film industry, where producers
approached companies for products to appear as props, thereby lending the action
some familiar realism.

Digital technology lies behind the rise of embedded advertising. When consumers
can easily record, then program out the ad breaks from their favourite shows.
And not just with new programs. Those I Love Lucy reruns, for example, will soon
have digitally inserted advertising in the form of product placements.

In other words, zany Lucy and Ricky will be eating, drinking or using cleaning
products that never existed when they were alive.

Media analyst Steve Allen, of Fusion Strategy, agrees that the trend is being
aggressively pursued in Australia.

"It is in strong demand here, so a high-demand area," he said. "This said, many
advertisers now know you have to be careful with product placement. It has to be
compatible with brand values and product use and positioning.

"It's effective only if the placement is not a forced fit or completely
illogical and unsympathetic. The public smell a con pretty easily, and react
adversely."

Jane Scott, a researcher at the University of NSW's school of marketing, says
research has consistently found positive attitudes to product placement,
including high levels of awareness and acceptance.

"This level of acceptance, liking and processing is higher among younger
audiences than older audiences," she said.

"Heavy media consumers are generally more accepting. It is only when there is
too much of it, it is too gratuitous, or 'too obviously paid for' that consumers
will form negative attitudes towards the program, the advertiser, and the
practice as a whole.

"Any objections to product placement are generally made on ethical grounds, with
attitudes towards the placement of products such as guns, alcohol and cigarettes
far less favourable."

A spokesman for the Australian Communications and Media Authority says if
producers are getting paid for product placement, it needs to be clearly
disclosed and distinguished from the rest of the program.

If viewers complain, the authority will investigate, but he could not recall any
investigations requested in recent years.

Merchandising moments

· The Transformers film featured $3 million worth of strategically placed
Chrysler cars.

· Tom Hanks vehicle Castaway had been otherwise decsribed as one long FedEx ad
interrupted by beach scenes.

· James Bond has always been a commercial whore - but 1997's Tomorrow Never Dies
was widely described as "more commercial than movie", too obviously featuring
Avis cars, Smirnoff Vodka (shaken, not stirred), Visa credit cards, BMW cars,
Omega watches and Heineken beer.

· After the release of Toy Story, Etch A Sketch sales reportedly increased
4500%, sales of Mr Potato Head increased 800% and Slinkys were brought back on
to the market, with more than $US27 million worth of them sold since.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Whole new Ball game: The Lucille Ball we loved will soon
have digitally inserted product placement.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $80,000 In Value-Added Producer Grants
For Two North Country Farms

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kristen Gillibrand today announced $80,211 in
federal funding for two farms in Clinton County. The funding was allocated
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) Program. This funding is aimed at generating new products, creating and
expanding marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income for small and
independent producers. Specifically, Mace Chasm Farm, located in Keeseville,
will receive $30,707 to purchase supplies for the farm, market the farm's
butcher shop, and raise awareness about the farm's new food truck business
startup. North Country Creamery Clover Mead Farm, also located in Keeseville,
will receive $49,504 to purchase a machine that will innovate their yogurt
production as well as market their creamery and milk parlor.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine," said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds provide innovative avenues
for our local farmers to expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing
techniques to stay competitive in today's information age. This direct USDA
assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Clinton County economy."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for these Clinton County farms and will help ensure they get the
needed resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive
economic growth in their region and across the state."

Mace Chasm Farm will be splitting the funding between two projects. Half of its
federal funds will be used to purchase supplies for the butcher shop including
packaging, spices, casing for sausages, and ingredients for the meats. Money
will also be allocated towards marketing for the butcher shop. The remaining
half of these funds will be put towards financing a food truck that was recently
started by the farm. The food truck serves prepared foods at farmers markets and
other events throughout the county. The funding will go towards packaging for
the food and marketing to raise awareness for Mace Chasm's newest business
venture.

North Country Creamery at Clover Mead Farm will utilize its federal funding to
purchase a machine that will innovate its facility area by labeling yogurt
containers. Currently, the yogurt containers are labeled by hand. This new
machine will help speed up the packaging process so that the farm can meet their
consumer demand. The funds will also go towards improving marketing strategies
to promote the creamery and milk parlor at Clover Mead Farm.

"We are so excited to hear this money is coming through," said Courtney
Grimes-Sutton, Owner of Mace Chasm Farm. "We have already started the projects
and did not expect to receive the funding. This will make a huge difference for
us in cost of labor and supplies, we're very happy to get it."

"We tremendously appreciate this support for our small business and this funding
will really help us fulfill the demand for our product in the local community,"
said Ashlee Kleinhammer, Owner of the North Country Creamery at Clover Mead
Farm.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $80,000 IN VALUE- ADDED PRODUCER GRANTS
FOR TWO NORTH COUNTRY FARMS

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kristen Gillibrand today announced $80,211 in
federal funding for two farms in Clinton County. The funding was allocated
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant
(VAPG) Program. This funding is aimed at generating new products, creating and
expanding marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income for small and
independent producers. Specifically, Mace Chasm Farm, located in Keeseville,
will receive $30,707 to purchase supplies for the farm, market the farm's
butcher shop, and raise awareness about the farm's new food truck business
startup. North Country Creamery Clover Mead Farm, also located in Keeseville,
will receive $49,504 to purchase a machine that will innovate their yogurt
production as well as market their creamery and milk parlor.

"Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and the unique needs of New York
agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been a top priority of
mine," said Senator Schumer. "These much-needed funds provide innovative avenues
for our local farmers to expand production, increase sales and revamp marketing
techniques to stay competitive in today's information age. This direct USDA
assistance will allow them to better generate economic revenue, making it a
win-win for our agriculture industry and the entire Clinton County economy."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for these Clinton County farms and will help ensure they get the
needed resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive
economic growth in their region and across the state."

Mace Chasm Farm will be splitting the funding between two projects. Half of its
federal funds will be used to purchase supplies for the butcher shop including
packaging, spices, casing for sausages, and ingredients for the meats. Money
will also be allocated towards marketing for the butcher shop. The remaining
half of these funds will be put towards financing a food truck that was recently
started by the farm. The food truck serves prepared foods at farmers markets and
other events throughout the county. The funding will go towards packaging for
the food and marketing to raise awareness for Mace Chasm's newest business
venture.

North Country Creamery at Clover Mead Farm will utilize its federal funding to
purchase a machine that will innovate its facility area by labeling yogurt
containers. Currently, the yogurt containers are labeled by hand. This new
machine will help speed up the packaging process so that the farm can meet their
consumer demand. The funds will also go towards improving marketing strategies
to promote the creamery and milk parlor at Clover Mead Farm.

"We are so excited to hear this money is coming through," said Courtney
Grimes-Sutton, Owner of Mace Chasm Farm. "We have already started the projects
and did not expect to receive the funding. This will make a huge difference for
us in cost of labor and supplies, we're very happy to get it."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 14, 2001, Sunday

Farmers see Net gains; Online markets: Livestock producers find opportunities to
sell organic meats

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. d1

LENGTH: 991 words

DATELINE: HERBERT RIVER FALLS, Australia


Someday, a Web site could be as ubiquitous as a tractor in a farm's tool
inventory. Farms are slowly adopting Internet technology to expand their
markets.

"If producers are to survive and thrive, they're going to need access to
information," said David Lyons, director of business development for the Iowa
Farm Bureau Federation. Last year the Farm Bureau launched FBadvantage.com, a
wide-ranging program offering various Internet services.

Lyons said the market is sending farmers signals to adopt information
technology. He sees that as the next step in a continuing trend.

In the 19th century, the market told farmers their labor would return them a
profit. Enter mechanization in the 20th century. Those farmers who invested in
tractors and modern farm implements stayed in business.

At the threshold of the 21st century, the market again has changed to offer
profits to farmers who are able to access and utilize information, Lyons said.

"The market is beginning to send another message, that it will reward mind
applied to machine. Buying more land, farming it more hours per day with a
bigger tractor, isn't necessarily it now," Lyons said.

Consequently, farming is becoming an electronic business, or "e-business."

One way farmers can succeed is to produce specialized products tailored to a
specific market. To do that, farmers need information about available markets
and production technology, Lyons said.

"We're also seeing these tools, if utilized correctly, can shorten the distance
from consumers to producers. The use of Internet technology to shorten that
distance between producers and consumers is very powerful."

Some eastern Iowa farmers who produce specialty products are counting on that.

Phil Hueneke, owner of Gateway Natural Meats near Bellevue, Iowa, entered
Internet marketing late last year.

Gateway Natural Meats produces beef, chicken and pork without using any
antibiotics, hormones or chemical feed additives. Hueneke has teamed up with Jim
and Elly Fink, of Vinton, Iowa, on a Web site promoting their compatible
products.

Hueneke's Gateway Natural Meats and the Finks' Northeast Iowa Specialty Meats
are featured on their joint Web site, www.iowa-natural-meats.com.

"The goal is to add more people as time goes on" to the Web site, Hueneke said.

Both Hueneke and the Finks already had established businesses before going
online, but suspected a whole new market was waiting for them beyond Iowa's
borders.

A grant from the Iowa Department of Economic Development helped pay for a
feasibility study of an Internet-based marketing plan for Hueneke's business.

The department provides up to $ 500,000 loans, and forgivable loans for
businesses that add value to Iowa agriculture commodities.

Joe Jones, value-added agriculture coordinator for IDED, said grant applicants
must submit a business plan. The department will look at the proposed project's
feasibility and whether it adds value to Iowa farm products. The proposed
project is expected to take an innovative approach.

"A lot of the businesses we work with do have Web pages," Jones said. "Most of
them have other marketing tools that are more important to them."

After more than a year of research and preparation, Hueneke said they decided to
promote via the Internet.

While businesses have promoted products through the Internet for a number of
years, Hueneke said they hope to fill a need for naturally produced meats that
hasn't been satisfied for Internet shoppers.

"There's very little on there, especially organic pork," Hueneke said.
"Customers elsewhere in the country are looking for high-quality meats."

Iowa Natural Meats can take orders over the Internet. Customers can pay for
orders online, including credit-card transactions.

Hueneke said while demand for organic and natural foods is growing, many good
producers are being left out of the market.

"There are a lot of farmers raising it the right way," but traditional marketing
channels have failed them, Hueneke said. "It's too bad."

"You can't depend on local markets anymore," agreed Joan Mitchley-McAvoy,
economics instructor with Northeast Iowa Community College in Peosta, Iowa.
Mitchley-McAvoy said reaching far-flung markets electronically might be the key
to sustaining family farms.

Lyons sees farm e-businesses flourishing in the new information economy.
Producers with specialty products can target potential customers.

Internet marketing does lend itself to value-added agriculture, Lyons said.
"That's not an accident. The advent of new technology allows them more market
power."

Lyons envisions that as farmers step up their use of the Internet, the medium
will evolve to serve them better. He predicts producers will increasingly band
together to market cooperatively on-line.

Hueneke and his partners are considering additions to the product lineup offered
through the Web site, including different meats and organic cheese.

"If you can add other things with it, it makes it worthwhile for both parties
involved," Hueneke says. "The goal is to add more people as time goes on."

For producers willing to do some investigating, the resources are available.

The Iowa Department of Economic Development offers resources to assist in a
business start-up.

The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection will
begin taking applications Monday for its Agricultural Development and
Diversification program grants. Grants for potential e-businesses and other
entrepreneurs are available for feasibility studies, market research and product
development. The deadline to apply for 2001 grants is March 15.

As evidenced by the collapse of many fledgling e-businesses in 2000, going
online is not a magic potion for business success, Jones emphasized.

"You still have to have a good business and a good business plan," he said. The
Internet "is just another tool you can use."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mugs: Hueneke, Lyons Phil Hueneke, of rural St. Donatus, Iowa, hauls
buckets of feed for his beef cattle. Hueneke has found new markets on the
Internet for organic beef.

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald

                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

U.S. awards $6.2M in funding for Maine projects

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program has awarded
$6,290,000 to businesses and organizations across Maine, according to a press
release from U.S. Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, R-Maine.

The funding is distributed as follows:

.  $2,600,000 to Northern Maine Medical Center in Fort Kent. This Community
Facility Guaranteed Loan will be used to replace the outdated boiler with a new
biomass boiler, which is expected to keep operation costs down.

.  $2,260,000 to the Harvest Hill Apple Co. LLC., J.W. PEAS Holding Co. Inc. and
Re-Harvest Inc. in West Poland. This business and industry guaranteed loan will
be used to transfer ownership interest in the company and is expected to save
106 jobs.

.  $50,000 to High Vale Partners D LLC in Freeport. This Value-Added Producer
grant will be used to support a feasibility study for a wind energy generation
project in Sherman.

.  $50,000 to Shamrock Partners LLC in Freeport. This Value-Added Producer grant
will fund a feasibility study for a wind energy generation project in Fort
Fairfield.

.  $150,000 to Catch a Piece of Maine LLC in Portland. These Value-Added
Producer funds will be used to pay for working capital expenses to expand
marketing of a new approach to lobster sales directly from the harvester to the
consumer.

.  $1,180,000 to the Southern Maine Community Recreation Center in Gorham. This
Community Facility Guaranteed Loan will help the center acquire an existing
community athletic and recreational training facility located in Gorham.

"These USDA Rural Development loans provide vital opportunities for rural
Mainers to enhance community services and boost economic growth," Snowe and
Collins said in the joint statement. "From wind energy production to the lobster
industry, these funds will allow for the development of a wide variety of
economic projects and will bring valuable capital to Maine's communities."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News

                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

USDA opportunities for NM projects

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner We are at a critical juncture in New Mexico's history
as we approach our Centennial in 2012. Of great concern to us all should be how
our rural communities will fare over the next 100 years. Will they continue to
struggle or will we mak

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 737 words


Before us lies an extraordinary opportunity, through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009 (also known as the Stimulus), to make immediate and
necessary investments in our rural communities.

The United States Department of Agriculture New Mexico Rural Development office
saw funding increases in many of its programs as a result of the Stimulus. USDA
Rural Development in New Mexico almost tripled its regular programmatic spending
for dozens of new projects in fiscal year 2009 to $354 million. We hope to have
another banner year in FY 2010 before the Stimulus expires in September.

As we see tight budgets at the state and local level in New Mexico there is no
better time for New Mexico's communities to consider USDA funding for their
projects. USDA Rural Development offers programs in three areas: Community
Development, Business and Housing.

Businesses and value added agricultural producers in New Mexico communities with
a population less than 50,000 are eligible for our Business Programs. Most types
of new or existing enterprises qualify -manufacturing, wholesale, retail or
service. We offer up to a 90% loan guarantee for bankable projects as large as
$10 million and can provide smaller guarantees on proposals as high as $25
million. It is our goal to guarantee at least $29 million in business loan
guarantees around New Mexico this fiscal year.

We also offer programs to help businesses and agricultural producers save on
energy costs. Our Renewable Energy for America program allows USDA to cover 25%
of any renewable energy or energy efficiency project for a rural business or an
ag producer. If your farm or business hopes to install a new water heater,
upgrade swamp coolers or even take advantage of solar, wind power or bio-diesel;
USDA would like to help with that investment.

For those producers that add value to an agricultural product, we provide up to
$100,000 in grant funding for planning costs and up to $300,000 for working
capital. Value added projects can include a wide variety of efforts such as
turning tomatoes into salsa, carving wood products, and making a popcorn product
from locally-grown corn.

On the community side, the stimulus program enhanced greatly our ability to loan
and grant to communities less than 20,000 in population for community
facilities. USDA Rural Development can invest in community facilities, such as:
health care facilities, community centers, libraries, roads, emergency services,
and community greenhouses -- just to name a few.

Water and Wastewater infrastructure is of tremendous importance to rural
communities in our state. In communities under 10,000, USDA offers loans and
grants to help with water and wastewater systems. Hundreds of New Mexico
communities have participated in this program over the years and we are prepared
to help many more.

To be competitive and innovative, rural communities need access to modern
telecommunications. The stimulus set aside billions to increase broadband access
in rural America and USDA Rural Development spent $199 million alone in rural
New Mexico last year for broadband and telecommunications infrastructure. Not
only do we invest in the first, middle and last mile of telecommunications
infrastructure but we are very interested in supporting distance learning,
telemedicine and other efforts that connect rural communities to the power of
the internet.

When we talk about the sustainability of our rural communities, nothing says
sustainability more than providing families the ability to make their home in
rural New Mexico. In communities under 10,000, USDA provides home loans, home
loan guarantees and grants for the construction, purchase or renovation of a
home. More than 6,500 New Mexicans currently use our housing programs.

This is just a sample of the many programs USDA Rural Development has to offer.
The Stimulus presents New Mexico with unprecedented opportunities to improve the
quality of life in rural New Mexico and give rural communities the tools they
need to prosper. The time to act is now, while federal agencies like the USDA
have the resources to make more investments than ever. If you are interested in
any of these programs, I hope you will contact the USDA Rural Development office
in New Mexico at (505) 761-4950.

Terry Brunner was appointed by President Barack Obama on September 3, 2009 to
serve at State Director for the New Mexico Office of USDA Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Stawell Times-News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Print Edition

Wine makers gain access to cash gift

BYLINE: Anthony Piovesan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 324 words


Victorian wine producers will have more say on criteria for grants after being
invited to take part in consultation on a state government $10 million Wine
Tourism and Cellar Door Grant program.

Landsborough's Glenkara vineyard owner, Ian O'Brien, said the announcement would
help bolster the wine industry in the state.

"Anything to help the food and wine industry has got to be a good thing," he
said.

"Especially for tourism, it overflows into other smaller businesses and helps
keep the money local."

The move would see eligible producers able to access an annual grant of up to
$100,000 for their eligible sales.

Mr O'Brien said it was a sign winemakers were starting to see some recognition
for their efforts.

"Years ago, many people got on the bandwagon and started planting vines to make
a quick buck, but they are all gone now and the ones left have been through the
hard times. We are growing good fruit and selling good wine," he said.

"The industry is getting better and better. The Chinese are interested in the
Pyrenees shiraz; it is great recognition."

Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources Anne Ruston said
Australia's wine industry was one of the nation's signature export industries.

"It also makes an extremely important contribution to tourism, particularly in
these regional areas," she said.

"It is even one of the only agriculture-based industries where the majority of
the value chain is located in Australia."

The value of Australian wine exports increased by seven per cent to $2.22
billion in 2016.

"It is important that this success continues to deliver economic and social
benefits in the regions where these products originate by supporting producers'
cellar doors in attracting visitors," Ms Ruston said.

"These grants will definitely go a long way in helping to achieve that."

The announcement comes ahead of the Grampians Grape Escape, which is expected to
attract thousands of visitors to the region on May 6-7.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Stawell Times-News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Print Edition

Wine makers gain access to cash gift

BYLINE: Anthony Piovesan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 324 words


Victorian wine producers will have more say on criteria for grants after being
invited to take part in consultation on a state government $10 million Wine
Tourism and Cellar Door Grant program.

Landsborough's Glenkara vineyard owner, Ian O'Brien, said the announcement would
help bolster the wine industry in the state.

"Anything to help the food and wine industry has got to be a good thing," he
said.

"Especially for tourism, it overflows into other smaller businesses and helps
keep the money local."

The move would see eligible producers able to access an annual grant of up to
$100,000 for their eligible sales.

Mr O'Brien said it was a sign winemakers were starting to see some recognition
for their efforts.

"Years ago, many people got on the bandwagon and started planting vines to make
a quick buck, but they are all gone now and the ones left have been through the
hard times. We are growing good fruit and selling good wine," he said.

"The industry is getting better and better. The Chinese are interested in the
Pyrenees shiraz; it is great recognition."

Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources Anne Ruston said
Australia's wine industry was one of the nation's signature export industries.

"It also makes an extremely important contribution to tourism, particularly in
these regional areas," she said.

"It is even one of the only agriculture-based industries where the majority of
the value chain is located in Australia."

The value of Australian wine exports increased by seven per cent to $2.22
billion in 2016.

"It is important that this success continues to deliver economic and social
benefits in the regions where these products originate by supporting producers'
cellar doors in attracting visitors," Ms Ruston said.

"These grants will definitely go a long way in helping to achieve that."

The announcement comes ahead of the Grampians Grape Escape, which is expected to
attract thousands of visitors to the region on May 6-7.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2008 Friday

Processing center nears reality: Facility could help county growers

BYLINE: Keren Rivas, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Nov. 7--A full-service food processing center that will serve Alamance County
growers is a step closer to becoming a reality.

The N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund Commission approved a $479,000 grant last month for
the project, which will be housed in Hillsborough. Once it is up and running,
the center will provide value-added processing services to 16,214 farms from 22
counties, which represent almost 30 percent of farms statewide. Roger Cobb, head
of the Alamance County office of the N.C. Cooperative Extension Service, said
the facility would help local growers who want to use their raw products to
produce something else.

For instance, he said, growers who want to use their produce to make salsas,
pies or cheeses, would be able to use the center to get their goods inspected
and ready to be sold directly at local or national markets.

Besides offering food processing equipment, the center will also offer other
services such as business development support and education including training
to start a foodbased business, developing business plans and meeting food safety
requirements.

Efforts to open the center began almost three years ago when the Orange County
Board of Commissioners created a committee to evaluate whether a value-added
processing facility for local farm products was needed in the area.

The committee recommended that the county conduct a feasibility study, which it
funded by partnering with Whole Foods and Weaver Street Market, as well as
Alamance, Chatham and Durham counties.

The study surveyed fruit and vegetable growers, livestock producers and
specialty food producers and found that the facility would generate more than
$150,000 in fees during the second and third years of operation.

The study also found that gross income generated by clients using the facility
would be between $800,000 and $1.2 million per year.

Though the grant provides substantial funding for the center, Cobb said some
more funds are needed.

Noah Ranells, agriculture economic development coordinator for Orange County,
said the center needs $1.2 million for its first year.

So far, about half of that amount has been raised through grants.

Ranells said they have applied for a third grant with the Golden LEAF
Foundation. If that grant is awarded, "It would bring us to where we need to
be," he said.

If all goes according to plan, Ranells said the goal is to have the center open
by the first half of 2010.

To comment on this or any Times-News story online, go to TheTimesNews.com, find
the story, go to the bottom and follow the directions

To see more of the Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimesnews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081107-BT-Processing-center-nears-reality-1107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2008 Times-News

                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 11, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Deadline set for grant, loan applications

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 228 words


Oct. 2 is the deadline to apply for grants to assist in diversifying Oklahoma
agricultural producers and interest free loans for promoting value-added
processing ventures or cooperative marketing programs.

Applications must be submitted at the state Agriculture Department.

The Oklahoma Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program accepts
applications four times a year. Rick Maloney, marketing director for the
Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry, said this is an
opportunity for producers with creative ideas to receive financial aid.

Any project that can help producers become more economically secure and bring
business to rural areas may be eligible for the program. Loans and grants are
available in four categories: cooperative marketing loan, marketing and
utilization loan, basic and applied research loan/grant, and farm
diversification grant.

Loans may not be used to buy land, buildings or equipment. They may be used for
feasibility studies, business plans, legal expenses, consultant fees, product
development and marketing.

To apply

Grant applications are available online at www.oda.state.ok.us by clicking on
the "Loans" link. For more information, contact Jason Harvey at 522-5563. The
mailing address is: Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry, 2800
Lincoln Blvd., Oklahoma City, OK 73105.


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 16, 1995 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

To believe, or not to believe - a merger that adds $700 m

BYLINE: Stephen Bartholomeusz

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 864 words


THE fate of the apparently extraordinarily complex four-way merger of companies
within the Normandy Mining group will ultimately hinge on the deceptively simple
issue of whether or not shareholders in Normandy's satellites believe that the
simple act

of merging can create about $700 million or more of market value.

It is deceptively simple because it is a question that can only be answered with
hindsight. To find out whether that value exists, shareholders in PosGold, GMK
and North Flinders have to wait to see whether the market endorses the view of
the independent valuer, Grant Samuel, that the merger will trigger a significant
rerating of Normandy.

The bottom line to the Grant Samuel report is that it expects that, after a
successful series of mergers, Normandy's share price would move from the $1.75
level it held before the merger plans to a probable range of $2 to $2.10 a share
and, if embraced by international markets, possibly as high as $2.

40.

With Normandy's price having already moved up to $1.90 a share since the
announcements in mid-November the Grant Samuel conclusions have some
credibility.

The rerating argument has been used previously in relation to the Normandy
group, which has in the past been even more complex. Nevertheless, given that
the proposal is aimed at merging three partly owned companies into their holding
company to create a single gold miner of international scale and a market
capitalisation of more than $3 billion, the argument has never had greater
validity.

Certainly, a comparison of Grant Samuel's assessment of the underlying value of
Normandy and its market value before the merger plan illustrates the
conventional wisdom that there is a discount applied to holding companies and
complex structures.

In the Normandy case, the difference between assessed base value and actual
market value amounts to between $250 million and $400 million.

The reconstruction involves a series of pure mergers and therefore involves no
takeover premiums.

That increases the degree of difficulty and means that the degree of acceptance
of the rerating argument will determine the degree of success.

The merger is predicated on bringing together about $2.

6 billion of public shareholdings that currently lie within four entities, three
of them controlled by Normandy.

Apart from the holding company discount and the increased scale, Grant Samuel
also argues that the simplification of the structure, the opening up of the
register and the far greater liquidity that would flow from the reconstruction
will also positively influence the post-merger share price.

Grant Samuel has set the terms on which the mergers will be attempted, an
innovation in takeover practice presumably driven by Normandy's desire to
demonstrate that the proposals represent real mergers rather than takeovers
labelled as something else.

One of the problems in the proposal is that each of the entities involved has a
different profile. Normandy is fundamentally a holding company. PosGold is a
mixture of second-tier holding company and gold producer. GMK is a big
single-project, long- life miner. North Flinders is a gold producer with
considerable blue-sky within its exploration portfolio.

To reconcile those differences and at least attempt to deal with the most
obvious criticisms of the basic merger formula, Grant Samuel has come up with a
couple of novel elements.

The base terms award Normandy shareholders a significantly lower share of the
merged group than their underlying value would notionally entitle them to but
Normandy plans to have, independently of the mergers, an issue of options to all
existing shareholders that would give them a compensating leveraged exposure to
the upside of the merger group. The options would be exerciseable at $2.50 a
share up to 2001.

The terms extended to PosGold shareholders offer them a modest premium, in terms
of their share of the combined group, over what they actually bring to the
merger, while the offer to GMK shareholders is more or less in line with Grant
Samuel's assessment of GMK's contribution.

North Flinders are being offered a proportion of the merged group roughly
equivalent to what they contribute, or perhaps a little more depending on which
end of which Grant Samuel range is used, but the perceived blue sky in North
Flinders has been dealt with through the creation of what Grant Samuel describes
as the "Tanami" options.

North Flinders shareholders will have a choice of consideration.

They can elect to receive 425 new Normandy shares for every 100 NFM shares or
300 Normandy shares plus 100 Tanami options.

Those options are exerciseable into Normandy shares on the basis of one share
for each million ounces of gold discovered in the company's existing exploration
areas and give those shareholders who are bullish about the company's prospects
the ability to maintain a direct exposure to them.

The concept of allowing shareholders who have a more optimistic view of their
company's prospects to put their money where their faith is is an ingenious one
that could have application in future scrip-based takeovers. It would certainly
be one way of dealing with over-optimistic target company boards and experts.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1995 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 14, 2010 Monday

Grants to boost area ag producers

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 151 words


A total of $1,164,162 - including $300,000 to area counties - will be coming to
agricultural producers across Iowa to help provide business development
assistance and pursue marketing opportunities for agricultural commodities. The
funding is made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development Value-Added Producer Grant Program. The announcement was made by
Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, who worked to broaden the program in the 2002 and 2008
farm bills as chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and
Forestry. The three area recipients receiving grants are listed below. Funding
is contingent upon individual recipients meeting the conditions of the grant
agreement. * Grass Run Farm Inc., of Allamakee County, will receive $209,724. *
Green Visions Inc., of Dubuque County, will receive $98,312. * Iowa Grape Vines
Winery LLC, of Jackson County, will receive $6,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: Senate Agriculture Appropriations Bill Includes Support for
Ag Research & Production, Rural Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Senate Appropriations Committee,
on which he serves, has approved the Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill. Hoeven worked with his fellow appropriators to secure
funding across a wide variety of programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) that support priorities for universities, farmers, ranchers and rural com
unities across North Dakota and the nation.





 "Our farmers, ranchers and the rural com unities where they live and work are a
vibrant and vital part of our nation's economy," Hoeven said. "This funding will
support agriculture production in North Dakota and across the country, while
also helping to ensure that our rural residents have a high quality of life and
access to essential services."



 The funding bill provides support for the following programs for FY17:



 AGRICULTURE RESEARCH

 o National Institutes for Food and Agriculture (NIFA) - $1.364 billion - NIFA
is critical to funding agriculture research, cooperative forestry and
cooperative extension programs at America's land-grant institutions, such as
North Dakota State University, and Native American colleges and universities.
Includes funding for research in support of alfalfa and potato production.

 o Agricultural Research Service (ARS) - $1.178 billion - ARS is USDA's in-house
research arm and maintains facilities such as the North Dakota's Red River
Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo. Includes funding to organize
cooperative projects to develop effective methods for com ating the sclerotinia
fungus that affects sunflowers, soybeans, canola, edible beans, peas and
lentils.



 FARMERS & RANCHERS

 o Wildlife Damage Management - $102 million - Helps protect human health while
also preventing and managing damage to natural resources, public infrastructure,
private property and agriculture production due to conflicts with wildlife.

 o Value-Added Producer Grants - $10.75 million - Helps agricultural producers
enter into value-added activities related to the processing and marketing of
bio-based products.

 o Water Bank Program - $4 million - Continues the Hoeven Water Bank initiative,
providing com ensation for farmers and landowners for flooded land through
10-year, voluntary conservation agreements, which is especially helpful for
Devils Lake producers.



 RURAL COMMUNITIES

 o Community Facilities Loan Guarantees - $156.25 million - Supports capital
investments in rural America and enables the development of essential com unity
facilities.

 o Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grants - $37 million - Funds capital
improvements, primarily for equipment, for distance learning and telemedicine
projects that serve rural residents.

 o Rural Cooperative Development Grants - $22.3 million - Supports the
establishment and operation of centers for rural cooperative development, which
work to improve economic conditions in rural areas through new or improved
cooperatives.

 o Circuit Rider Program - $17 million - Supports USDA's successful
public-private partnership to provide technical expertise and training to rural
water systems.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                December 9, 2012

The Lowdown: Tips for start-ups

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS

LENGTH: 627 words


We can easily see the benefits of buying Irish by just taking an example of any
SME operating in Ireland.

Take our small food business in Cobh, Co Cork. We employ 13 people directly, and
all of our staff live within a 30km radius -- the majority in Cobh itself.

The wages we pay are, in turn, spent mainly in the local economy, further
supporting local product and service providers. This local cycle is partially
broken when we put an imported product into our grocery basket instead of a
product that is made in Ireland.

Ireland's total grocery bill was worth EUR 7.1 billion in 2011, but half of this
was spent on imported produce. Therefore, it is clear that there is scope for
switching from imports to Irish-made products.

This is supported by Bord Bia's recent research, which showed that a growing
number of Irish people wanted to buy more Irish-made produce.

**Better branding**

The link between buying Irish and supporting local jobs has become more
important in our minds. There is a gap between our collective aspirations and
our actions.

This is down to confusion among consumers as to what brands are Irish. The "Love
Irish Food" logo provides some transparency, but food producers could go a step
further themselves -- for example, by stating clearly on the front of the
packaging, "Made in Cork".

Consumers are often too busy to check whether or not the products they are
buying are made in Ireland and need to be constantly reminded.

Many of the bigger imported brands have big marketing budgets that they use to
create emotional ties with consumers, building into a perception that their
products are "Irish".

Also, consumers may not be aware that some products which started out as Irish
have since been acquired by overseas companies and are no longer made here.

**Value proposition**

It is worth remembering, however, that consumers are increasingly looking for
value -- not just the cheapest price.

The value aspects of any Irish brand have to be communicated in the first
instance before they can make a decision to buy on that basis.

If the value proposition is genuine, the consumer will buy the brand again.

For producers in these recessionary times, it is all about the value
proposition, which need not mean being the cheapest, but providing the best
product attributes, at "X" price.

It is up to Irish producers to innovate and create products without increasing
cost or, hopefully, offer a better-value proposition than imported products.

Irish producers need to communicate their provenance, Irishness and the
innovative attributes of their products to the consumer on an ongoing basis.

**Emotional ties**

It is all about creating an authentic emotional tie with the consumer, and
products that are genuinely Irish can help to do this.

Utilising the practical benefits of being local can be as simple as hosting
in-store tastings at local supermarkets. Putting a face to the product is a
powerful marketing tool for a local food producer, and it should not be wasted.

Also, with the growing popularity of social media platforms such as Facebook,
Twitter and foodie apps, it's now easier than ever for small food producers to
reach out to consumers and spread the word about their products.

**Training and grants**

There are many social media courses funded by LEADER and the County and City
Enterprise Boards. Enterprise Ireland also offers R&D funding to food firms to
research new innovations in the food industry.

Grants should be made available to allow marketing graduates to join small
businesses for a certain period of time. This would give the graduate
much-needed work experience, and the food producer an enthusiastic and flexible
additional staff member to help them to communicate their brand.

*Deirdre Hilliard is joint director of Just Food*

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                              May 9, 1991 Thursday

BYLINE: AAP

LENGTH: 489 words


CRA bid 'underval ues Coal and Allied' Shares worth $10.70 to $11.20, says new
report A NEW assessment of takeover target Coal and Allied Industries Ltd
commissioned by the coal producer's board has valued the group's shares at
between $10.70 and $11.20 a share, well above CRA Ltd's offer price.

The report by Grant Samuel and Associates concludes CRA Ltd's bid, pitched at
$7.85 a share and valuing the group at $437 million, is "not fair and
reasonable" and recommends directors advise shareholders to reject the bid.

Coal and Allied directors previously commissioned an independent report by BT
Corporate Finance Ltd which valued the shares at $12 each.

But CRA still refuses to lift its bid, saying the offer already reflects its
"assessment of the long-term value of Coal and Allied and a share of the
strategic benefits that may be realised".

In a letter to shareholders yesterday, Coal and Allied chairman Mr Neil Currie
said the board continued to recommend unanimously that the bid, through CRA
subsidiary Kembla Coal and Coke Pty Ltd, was an "inadequate and unacceptable
offer".

"Since the announcement of the KCC offer, the Coal and Allied share price has
been significantly higher than the offer price," Mr Currie's letter said.

"It is readily apparent that the stock market also regards CRA's $7.85 as
inadequate." Coal and Allied shares yesterday closed 12c lower at $8.44.

BT's assessment last month, included with Coal and Allied's Part B reply,
quickly became a key point in the hostile game between the two coal producers.

CRA plans to use the Hunter Valley miner as a launching pad for its own
ambitions of bolstering its coal operations.

CRA objected to the BT report, saying it was not truly an expert independent
report which it claimed was required under section 648 of the Corporations Law.

BT argued the rule applied only if there was a conflicting interest and
yesterday noted its report was, nevertheless, expert.

Grant Samuel's report emphasises the strategic value of Coal and Allied as
Australia's second-largest coal producer operating low-cost mines with
high-quality coal.

It said Coal and Allied had "significant coal reserves which could support
incremental expansion of production at a much lower capital cost than would be
required for new projects".

"The [share price] range reflects our judgment that Coal and Allied has a
strategic value that is not easily discounted," the report said.

"The acquisition of Coal and Allied by another major Australian coal producer
would offer potential for increased market influence and for a reduction in
competition between Australian exporters." Grant Samuel analysts also said they
expected a revaluation of Coal and Allied shares by the share market as the
potential for significant growth in annual production to 13 million tonnes of
coal "may not have been appreciated by the market".

AAP

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Food sector gets $2m serve in grants

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 238  words


PRODUCERS, processors and retailers who operate a food business that embraces
innovation, new processes and technology can grab a slice of $2 million in
grants.

Member for Bulimba Di Farmer said the new grants scheme was part of a plan to
more than double the value of the state's food sector by 2020.

Priestley's Gourmet Delights Morningside was chosen as the site to announce that
the Queensland Government's Food Innovation and Productivity Incentives (FIPI)
program was open for applications.

Dollar-for-dollar grants of $25,000 to $100,000 will be made available to
locally owned organisations, co-operatives and associations across the food
value chain, particularly small to medium-sized businesses.

``What we're looking for are commercial ventures that design and implement new
technologies for production, processing or distribution practices,'' Minister
for Agriculture, Food and Regional Economies Tim Mulherin said.

``Preference will also be given to proposals that incorporate innovative
redesigns of existing production or processing lines to improve efficiencies and
productivity.''

Ms Farmer urged local industries to apply for funding.

``The food sector is one of the biggest sectors in our local area, covering many
small and large companies, ranging from primary producers, to wholesalers to
distributors,'' she said.

For more information contact DEEDI's Customer Service Centre on 13 25 23 or
email FIPI@deedi.qld.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SEA


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  The Quincy Valley Post-Register (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

New water permits help to grow Grant Countys economy

BYLINE: The Quincy Valley Post-Register staff

LENGTH: 366  words


SPOKANE - The Washington Department of Ecology (Ecology) so far has issued 167
new permits for the withdrawal of artificially stored groundwater within the
Quincy Groundwater Management Subarea near Moses Lake.

The 167 permits issued in the past seven years authorize the use of 35, 219
acre-feet of water that will boost the local economy by providing more farmable
acreage, new industrial growth and support construction jobs. According to an
economic analysis conducted by Ecology, the 167 permits support development that
could add $14.8 million to agricultural property values and $70 million to
commercial land values in Grant County. These values benefit property owners and
developers, and contribute to the local tax base. In the long-run, development
could support at least 400 commercial construction and design jobs in Grant
County, and indirectly support at least 360 additional jobs statewide.

The Quincy Subarea artificially stored groundwater program currently authorizes
a total of 170,469 acre-feet of water with a market value estimated to be about
$350 million. An acre foot equals 325,851 gallons of water.

Benefits of this effort are flowing to the communities of Ephrata, George, Moses
Lake, Quincy and Warden and to the farms, vineyards and businesses of Grant
County. Agricultural producers, domestic water users and major employers
acquiring the permits have included Cochran Farms, Maiers Irrevocable Farming
Trust, Weber Family Farms, Willard & Sherry Lange Farm, Dieringer Dairy, Cross B
Estate Homeowner Association and Potholes Reservoir Golf & Camping.

"Processing these water rights has been a major effort of our staff, and we're
seeing the results," said Keith Stoffel, Water Resources section manager of
Ecology's Eastern Region office.

Rep. Judy Warnick, R-MosesLake said: "Water is the lifeblood of our area, but
also is the key to creating more economic opportunities. This is especially true
for agriculture, which employs 160,000 people across Washington. I'm glad to see
local growers, producers, towns and small businesses benefitting from these new
water permits. I hope we can continue work to manage our water in a way that
mutually benefits the economy."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QVP

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2012 The Quincy Valley Post-Register

                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 1, 2007 Monday

Escape earns S.D. inmate 5 months

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 520 words


PIERRE, S.D. (AP) - The Value-Added Agriculture Development Center will receive
a $200,000 rural cooperative development initiative grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Grant funds will be used to help strengthen the rural economy and help farmers,
ranchers and rural business owners establish and market cooperatives.

"We have some pretty diverse projects right now," said Cheri Rath, executive
director of VAADC. "There's a special grain project, renewable energy, which is
receiving some more attention right now - just a wide variety. We're kind of
going away from the traditional perception that South Dakota is just corn and
beef. We're getting into some other areas."

The South Dakota Value-Added Agriculture Development Center works to create
producer-owned, value-added agriculture by offering technical and staff support
and by educating producers, lenders and the public on value-added ideas.

The grant money will be available in calendar year 2008.

CUSTER, S.D. (AP) - The U.S. Forest Service has begun a long-term project to
thin small ponderosa pine trees along the Peter Norbeck Scenic Byway.

Carl Sumpter, acting Hell Canyon District ranger, said the effort is aimed at
improving wildlife habitat and improving the view for motorists. Removing excess
pines will enhance hardwood stands in the forest, he said.

Those traveling on the Iron Mountain Highway (16A) should watch for large
equipment and crews doing the initial work, Sumpter said.

The Norbeck Scenic Byway is 68 miles long, looping through the Black Hills and
passing such sites as Mount Rushmore National Memorial, Cathedral Spires, Sylvan
Lake, Needle's Eye, Crazy Horse Monument, Custer State Park and Harney Peak.

VERMILLION, S.D. (AP) - The chief economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas, W. Michael Cox, will speak at the University of South Dakota on
Thursday, the school said in a release.

Cox's program is entitled "The Myths of Rich and Poor: Why We're Better Off Than
We Think."

It is presented by the W.O. Farber Center for Civic Leadership and the USD
Political Science League.

Cox, an economics professor with more than three decades of teaching experience,
advises the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas on monetary policy
and economic issues.

SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - A volunteer firefighter from Elkton is among 87 people
who will be honored at the 26th National Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service in
Maryland next month.

Thomas "Emmett" Kuehl, 38, died April 11, 2006, of injuries he suffered at a
fire.

Firefighters from 33 states will be remembered at the national service set for
Oct. 7 at the National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg, Md.

SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - An inmate who took off from the Yankton Federal Prison
Camp in April has been sentenced to another five months in prison for escape.

Samuel Murphy, 33, of St. Paul, Minn., later surrendered to authorities in Elk
River, Minn.

He was serving 14 years at the Yankton prison for drug distribution in
Minnesota. He could have received up to another five years for escape.

Murphy will serve the added time after finishing his term for the drug
conviction.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           December 22, 1992 Tuesday

CEMENT DEAL TO BURN QCL

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: MCCRANN T

LENGTH: 954 words


Cement deal to burn QCL AT first glance, Adelaide Brighton's cement merger looks
like one of those great 1980s deals where two and two is made to add to five _
or even seven. Adelaide Brighton is merging the bulk of its cement operations,
and most especially its state-of-the-art Birkenhead plant in South Australia,
with the Geelong plant owned by Australian Cement Holdings. It will emerge with
51% of the enlarged business. Investment banker Grant Samuel & Associates has
done an independent evaluation of the proposal and concluded it would add
significant value for Adelaide Brighton shareholders. On Grant Samuel's numbers,
the business Adelaide Brighton is injecting into the marriage is worth $118-$148
million. But the value of its investment in the enlarged entity will be worth
$208-$233 million. Does this mean that Australian Cement (which is jointly owned
by CSR and Pioneer International) is generously passing across somewhere between
$60 million and $115 million of value to Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders?
The simple answer is no _ so, do we have a case of two and two adding to five or
more? In one sense it is. Australian Cement and its shareholders are not losing
out and Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders are gaining _ although arguably
something less than indicated by those numbers. But unlike those wonderful deals
in the 1980s, the value is not emerging from thin air, but coming from somewhere
tangible. And that's from an unconnected third party, Queensland Cement _ which
gets badly burned by the deal. For the added value to the new cement operation
comes from long-term sales contracts given to it as part of the deal, which will
probably see Queensland Cement selling less cement, and selling it less
profitably. Which is why it is less than pleased with the proposal. This is
indicated very clearly in the Grant Samuel report which states that it is ""the
sales contracts rather than the acquisition of the Geelong works that leads to
the real benefits for Adelaide Brighton". Which, as indicated, Grant Samuel
concludes are substantial. It sees the deal adding nearly $9 million to Adelaide
Brighton's after-tax profit, which should boost earnings a share in the 1993-94
year by 32% from 11.1 cent to 14.7 cent. To understand how this comes about, you
need to appreciate two things. The current structure of Australia's cement
industry and what emerges from this deal. The two key points about the cement
industry today are its heavy overcapacity with the end of the building and
construction boom. Total production capacity is about 7.3 million tonnes a year,
but demand is running at only 5.9 million tonnes. And secondly, the industry
splits into two groups. Two majors. Two majors from the other two. Under the
merger proposal, Adelaide Brighton will largely cease to be a swing producer as
it signs long-term contracts with Australian Cement and its two shareholders to
supply 300,000-plus tonnes a year. And the loser out of that has to be
Queensland Cement, which is left as the sole swing producer. Being a swing
producer is great in the good times. You sell a lot of cement, and at a premium.
In the bad times it's bad news and whatever happens to the economy more broadly,
we are most unlikely to return to the boom construction days of the late 1980s
anytime soon. Especially as Australian Cement is upgrading its Goliath plant _
which is not included in the deal, but will mean it will have stakes in the two
state-of-the-art plants in the country with aggregate capacity of 2.2 million
tonnes. Now, a qualification to this is the way the industry operates on the
ground, with borrow-and-loan arrangements around the country to save on freight
costs. With Queensland likely to be significantly less depressed than the
southern states, this will help Queensland Cement temper the pain somewhat. But
the bottom line is that it's the loser. In not itself being able to get into bed
with Australian Cement and leave Adelaide Brighton as the swing producer, and in
not directly snaring that company and its Birkenhead plant. It had bought an 8%
shareholding in Adelaide Brighton to have a seat at the table when the dealing
was done, but has been neatly bypassed. At this stage the TPC has not said boo
to a deal which will significantly concentrate the industry and put the two
state-of-the-art plants almost under one roof. And probably won't, as Adelaide
Brighton keeps management control of Birkenhead and Geelong. From a corporate
perspective, it would probably have been better to include the Goliath plant,
but as Adelaide Brighton could not fund a 51% stake in such an enlarged venture,
it did not want to be watered down to perhaps 25%-30%. And having Australian
Cement as the majority partner would certainly have incurred the wrath of the
TPC. The deal has to be approved by Adelaide Brighton shareholders. Queensland
Cement will probably vote against it, and perhaps also Boral which also has a
shareholding for a seat at the Birkenhead table. But even with Pioneer not being
able to vote its shares, Adelaide Brighton can probably muster enough support.
ARGUABLY Schroders _ which did not do an independent evaluation of the Pacific
BBA bid for Siddons Ramset _ is looking at Siddons through 1980s rose-colored
glasses. And at Pacific BBA through steelier 1990s lenses. Nevertheless, it
makes a good case that Siddons is worth something north of $2 a share, and the
Pacific BBA offer (and shares) fall somewhere south of that figure. That leaves
a big gap to be made up, especially when a third party _ the Illinois Tool Works
_ is sitting right on the $2 demarcation line with a straight cash offer.
END-OF-STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                August 14, 2015

Apply funds for horticulture

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 301  words


GRANTS of $400,000 have been provided to agribusinesses in the Murray-Darling
Basin to support new horticulture projects.

Department of Agriculture and Fisheries senior industry development officer
Justin Heaven said under the three-year Murray-Darling Basin Regional Economic
Development program, $1.2 million in competitive grants was available to growers
to establish new horticulture value chains.

"While the major regional crops are currently cotton and grain, there is
potential to expand into a range of other high-value crops," Mr Heaven said.

"In the first round of grants, we have invested $400,000 in a range of start-up
projects, including blueberries, citrus and garlic, along with funding towards
existing operations for expansion, including peaches, nectarines, black plums,
irrigation systems and new processing and packing sheds.

"Local growers have shown great enthusiasm for diversifying and expanding their
existing operation using this funding."

The next round of applications for the co-investment funding scheme will open
from August 17.

Applications must include details of the project, including a Cost Benefit
Analysis to demonstrate economic benefits for the region.

Applications are open from August 17 to October 19 and will be assessed by a
reference panel.

To apply for the grants visit www.daf.qld.gov.au.

Producers are also invited to attend information sessions that will introduce
attendees to the MDB REDP projects, and provide information on what is being
offered as part of the grant programs and how producers can apply.

Sessions include:

Texas: August 18, 4-6pm, Texas Rural Traders

Inglewood: August 19, 7-9am, Elders

Goondiwindi: August 19, 4pm-6pm, McGregor Gourlay

St George: August 20, 8-10am, Riversands Wines

RSVP by calling 132523 or email Justin.heaven@daf.qld.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TRW


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 28, 2015

USDA grant workshop

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 119  words


The Cochise College Small Business Development Center will offer a free seminar
from 9 a.m. to noon Feb. 13 that explains how to qualify and apply for two
grants offered by the USDA.

First, the Rural Energy for America Program is a Grant and Loan Guarantee
Program for renewable energy projects with an emphasis on off-the-shelf
technologies. The second grant is the Value Added Producer Grant for value-added
ventures that increase the revenue of commodity producers.

The workshop will be held at Cochise College Willcox Center, rooms 102 and 103.
Seating is limited and registration is required by Feb. 10. To register, contact
Rachel Norton with the Cochise College SBDC at (520) 515-5478 or email
nortonr@cochise.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Arizona Range News

                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 15, 2005 Tuesday

Agriculture grants, loans for Oklahoman's available

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 203 words


April 1 is the deadline for applications for grants and interest-free loans
through the Oklahoma Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program.

The program, administered by the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and
Forestry, has invested almost $1 million in the state since 2000, said Rick
Maloney, marketing director. Projects have ranged from helping establish
vegetable growers on a small scale to building a wheat processing facility.

"Without question this has been the most successful and well-received program we
have in terms of getting real help to producers of all size," Maloney said. "Our
goals were to help optimize local production and build economic opportunities in
rural areas and our producers have proven we're achieving those goals."

The grants and loans are for producers and producer groups who are interested in
diversifying production with non-traditional crops, adding value to crops
through processing or marketing or pursuing marketing cooperative ventures.

Applications are available at www.oda.state.ok.us or by calling Jason Harvey at
522-5563. Harvey's mailing address is: Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, 2800
N. Lincoln Blvd., Oklahoma City, 73105.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

Boosting the effort: American Angus receives more than $500,000 to encourage
farm registration

BYLINE: Susan Mires, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


Aug. 9--The American Angus Association has received more than $500,000 to
encourage producers to register their farms and ranches with the federal
government.

Premises registration is a top priority for the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
said Bruce Knight, under secretary for marketing and regulatory programs.

"ID is really about protecting farmers' economic trade, protecting genetic
seedstock and being good stewards for your neighbors," Mr. Knight said Wednesday
when he visited the association's headquarters in St. Joseph to sign a
memorandum of understanding.

So far, 410,000 U.S. farms -- about 29 percent of the total -- have been
registered with the government.

Premises registration is completely voluntary. Mr. Knight acknowledged that some
producers are skeptical, but he hopes they will see the value in controlling
disease. He pointed out that in Great Britain, livestock are being destroyed to
try to contain an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease.

"When you get ID in place, it speeds up traceability. It reduces the amount of
testing and dramatically reduces the amount of depopulation that has to occur,"
he said.

The threat of agriterrorism increases the need for a rapid response, Mr. Knight
said.

The Angus Association will use the $580,000 grant to communicate with members
about premises registration. The group has 34,000 members and is the first breed
association to receive such a grant. Similar agreements have been signed with
pork and dairy groups and the National FFA Organization.

Communication work has already begun, said John Crouch, executive director of
the association. The Angus effort is expected to add about 15,000 farms to the
registry.

"I think this will provide the impetus for seedstock producers to take a
leadership role and show why it's good for everybody and especially good for
beef producers," said Jot Hartley, president of the board from Vinita, Okla.

Mr. Hartley speculated that if a registration program had been in place in 2003
when BSE, also known as mad cow disease, was discovered, U.S. producers could
export more beef. Asian markets have strict standards for importing meat.

USDA proposes incorporating an animal ID program with existing programs to
eradicate disease, Mr. Knight said.

"We've got to earn producers' respect and work with them one-on-one to gain
their support," he said. "The vast majority are going to quickly see the value."

About 17 percent of Missouri farms have been registered.

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070809-JM-Boosting-the-effort-0809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2007 St. Joseph News-Press

                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Boustany Applauds Commerce Decision to Penalize Subsidized Mexican Sugar

LENGTH: 294  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Charles W.Boustany,JR.MD, U.S Government
has issued the following news release:

Congressman Charles W. Boustany, Jr., M.D., (R-South Louisiana) applauded the
U.S. Department of Commerce's decision to impose duties on sugar imports from
Mexico after an initial assessment that subsidies by the Mexican government give
Mexican sugar producers an unfair advantage over U.S. producers.

Louisiana is a major producer of American sugar, ranked second overall in
production of sugar cane. The sugar industry has an annual overall economic
value of $3.5 billion in the state of Louisiana. Sugar cane is grown on 400,000
acres in 22 parishes, producing approximately 13 million tons of cane each year.

According to the American Sugar Alliance, "Mexico's government owns and operates
20 percent of the country's sugar production. In addition to this ownership,
Mexico's inefficient sugar producers benefit from export subsidies, preferential
government loans coupled with debt forgiveness, government cash infusions to
cover operating shortfalls, and government grant programs to finance inventory,
exports, and inputs."

Boustany said: "Louisiana sugar provides a tremendous economic benefit to our
state, providing $3.5 billion in economic value each year. Our producers are the
most efficient and innovative in the world - but they need a level playing field
to compete. I applaud the Department of Commerce's decision to label Mexican
sugar policies for what they are, an unfair and market-distorting subsidy. I
will continue fighting to protect Louisiana sugar producers from unfair
volatility in prices by supporting equality and a level playing field in the
world market."

For further information please visit: http://boustany.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          December 5, 2001, Wednesday

POUNDS 5M FILLIP FOR FARMERS AND FOOD PRODUCERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 228 words


MORE than pounds 5m is to be ploughed into Wales's agri-food sector with a
series of processing and marketing grants, the Welsh Development Agency
announced yesterday.

The package will mean an extra pounds 5,299,380 in investment for the sector,
with pounds 1,904,615 coming from grant aid and the remainder from the companies
themselves.

The grant schemes are designed to help processors and farmers in Wales become
more competitive, respond to consumer demand and add more value to their produce
through support for processing facilities and marketing.

The schemes will use a combination of Objective One funding with support from
the Rural Development Plan for Wales and the National Assembly, and will be
delivered by the WDA.

The companies involved are Capestone Organic Poultry, South Caernarfon
Creameries, Village Bakery and KK Wholefoods.

Welcoming the announcement at the Royal Welsh Winter Fair, Rural Affairs
Minister Carwyn Jones said, "The fact that the first batch of grants are going
to four very different operations helps to highlight the diversity of the agri
-food industry in Wales.

"We at the Assembly, and the WDA, will continue to work with all sectors and a
variety of producers/processors to do what we can to help processors and
producers in Wales become more competitive and add real value to their produce."

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Benin - Rural Economic Growth Support Project

LENGTH: 479  words


Total cost: US$47.8 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$9.0 million
Approved DSF grant: US$9.0 million
Duration: 2010 - 2016
Directly benefiting: 12,000 households
Status: Ongoing
Cofinancing:


West African Development Bank (BOAD) (US$9.1 million)
Food and Agricultural Organization of the UN (US$0.5 million)
UN Development Programme (UNDP) (US$3.0 million)
The nationwide project, supported by an IFAD loan and grant, will help Benin  s
small-scale rural producers by developing well-integrated value chains for four
non-cotton crops with a broader range of markets. The crops are roots and
tubers, lowland rice, vegetables and pineapples. The overall goal is to support
sustainable rural economic growth and poverty reduction.
The target groups are women, young people and men belonging to village-level
groups involved in income-generating activities and their inter-professional
unions, and rural micro and small-scale enterprises. Accessibility to the most
vulnerable groups was a targeting priority.
The project  s key activities focus on the development of agricultural value
chains and on rural infrastructure.
The project  s objectives are to support:
the development of rural agro-based micro and small-scale enterprises and
income-generating activities as actors in the priority value chains
the establishment and strengthening of inter-professional unions that can defend
members   interests
the construction of rural infrastructure to improve marketing of agricultural
products
Village-level demand will guide project activities. The aim is to assist rural
producers in building value chains that facilitate their access to financial,
technical and other types of support, and also facilitate access to markets. In
line with the government  s policy on decentralization, infrastructure will be
planned and built in collaboration with the local government body representing
village-level interests. The project places emphasis on strengthening both
producers   organizations at village level and their unions to ensure that
farmers, producers, traders, exporters and others involved can influence
decision-making within their value chains.
The expected benefits of the project include:
higher incomes for participants who undertake growing, processing and trading of
cassava, rice, vegetables and pineapples
lower transaction costs as a result of better roads and access to markets
reduced vulnerability because of a broader range of cash crops
The project  s innovative features include:

application of the umbrella programme concept to all IFAD-financed interventions
in Benin
continuing support for consolidating and expanding the IFAD-initiated network of
financial service associations
implementation through delegated responsibility
introduction of the   push-pull   concept of market-driven support for
production

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2013 Monday

About People for Monday, May 13

BYLINE: La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


May 13--Scholarships

Stefanie Cox of La Crosse received the Wisconsin Lutheran Child and Family
Service Psychology Scholarship on May 3 at the annual Wisconsin Lutheran College
Honors Convocation. The scholarship is presented to a sophomore psychology major
who has demonstrated excellence in scholarship and service. Stefanie also
received the Psi Chi National Honor Society in Psychology, presented to
psychology majors or minors for excellence in academic achievement in psychology
and a commitment to psychological science and Christian service.

Awards

Bekkum Family Farms, a dairy, beef and pork producer in rural Westby, has earned
a $232,051 Value-Added Producer Grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
market its farmstead products. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the
award, one of 110 grants to agricultural producers and rural businesses across
the nation. Bekkum Family Farms has been in the family since 1917 and is one of
four recipients in Wisconsin. The family-owned operation is home to Nordic
Creamery, an award-winning farmstead dairy facility. Owners Al and Sarah Bekkum,
with their six children, plan to use the grant money to market cheese produced
from their cows, as well as market their grass-fed beef and buttermilk-fed pork.

The La Crosse County Sheriff's Department presented Citizen Appreciation Awards
at their annual awards ceremony May 10. The recipients are:

Mark Mattison and the La Crosse Vet Clinic for their donation of veterinary care
for the departments K-9s since 2007.

Marlis O'Brien, training coordinator at Mayo Clinic Health Systems, for
volunteering to train law enforcement personnel in CPR/AED since 2006.

Trent Nelson, Robert Wardwell and Jordan Freehill for their heroic rescue of a
man from an overturned burning vehicle Dec. 24, 2011.

Sgt. Mike Valencia and deputies John Williams, Peter Sloan and Nate Cibulka
received the Department Certificate of Commendation for the rescue of a suicidal
person in December 2012.

___ (c)2013 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130513-LQ-About-People-for-Monday-May-13-0513-20130513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2013 La Crosse Tribune

                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Minnesota: Next round of value added grants available to producers and
processors

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has another round of funding
available for projects to help farmers, producers and processors add value to
their operations. A total of $2 million in funding has been made available
through the Agricultural Growth, Research and Innovation Program (AGRI),
established by the legislature to advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable
energy industries.

The MDA will distribute the funds through its AGRI Value Added Grant Program
which aims to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural products by diversifying
markets and by increasing market access and food safety. Specifically, these
grants are intended to:

initiate or expand livestock product processing;
    create feasibility, business, marketing and succession plans for existing
and new businesses;
    purchase equipment to initiate, upgrade, or modernize value added
businesses;
    increase on-farm food safety, such as implementation of a food safety plan
    increase farmers' processing and aggregating capacity to enter
farm-to-school and other markets

Proposals that have a meat processing, farm-to-school (or other institution)
component, or are addressing Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) or similar type
of food safety plan will receive priority, but all value added proposals are
encouraged to apply. Small to medium sized operations will also receive special
consideration. Proposals that include business planning, feasibility studies,
marketing planning and succession planning are eligible for 50 percent of the
total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $30,000.

Equipment purchases or physical improvements are eligible for 25 percent of the
total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $150,000 with a completed
business plan or food safety plan. A business or food safety plan must outline
what equipment and improvements are necessary to fulfill the plan.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

$44M in ag. grants up for grabs

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 West Hartford: University of Hartford has issued the following news release:



   Farmers, agricultural producer groups and their related ventures can now
apply for federal grants aimed at developing new products or expanding on
existing ones.





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's so-called value-added producer grant
program (VAPG) provides individual working-capital grants as high as $250,000
for processing, marketing and other costs. VAPG also provides business-planning
grants as high as $75,000. Recipients are required to match half the funds.



 Congress' 2014 Farm Bill is providing more than $30 million of the $44 million
available this year.



 VAPG has awarded nearly $145 million to more than 1,100 farmers and other
entities since 2009.



 Of that total, $1.2 million has gone to six Connecticut projects.



 Last year, the sole recipient here was Somers' Pell Farm, which received
$250,000 to expand their strawberry distribution network in the Northeast.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com









LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday

House sides with foes of mandatory labeling; Appropriations bill does include
money for Iowa projects

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 874 words


The U.S. House again turned a cold shoulder last week to mandatory Country of
Origin Labeling for agricultural products.

The House rejected an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2006 agriculture
appropriations bill that would have protected implementation funding for
mandatory COOL for meat from further delays. COOL was a part of the 2002 Farm
Bill.

Since the program was authorized by the Farm Bill, Congress delayed COOL twice -
to September 2004, and then until 2006.

Last week, lawmakers listened to mandatory COOL opponents, who would prefer a
voluntary approach to food labeling.

"By passing this delay, Congress now will have time to take action on a
meaningful, bipartisan country-of-origin meat labeling program that makes sense
for both pork producers and American consumers," said National Pork Producers
Council President Don Buhl. "This mandatory date is fast approaching, and the
industry continues to be concerned that its implementation will cause great
financial hardship. Pork producers remain steadfast - mandatory
country-of-origin labeling is all about costs with no benefits."

National Farmers Union President Dave Frederickson saw it a different way,
though.

"Congress missed an opportunity to help American consumers know where their food
comes from, as well as a chance to help American producers differentiate their
high-quality, domestic products from imported beef," Frederickson said.

The House's agriculture appropriations bill does include dollars for Iowa
projects, including the University of Northern Iowa's Ag-Based Industrial
Lubricants program and the National Centers for Animal Health in Ames.

Rep. Jim Nussle, R-Iowa, voted in support of the legislation.

"Iowans have long been at the forefront of America's many innovators and
entrepreneurs - especially in agriculture. I am glad to support legislation that
recognizes Iowa's role as a national leader in the field of agriculture
development and research and provides funding to further this important work,"
Nussle said.

The appropriations bill includes more than $58 million to complete the
construction of the National Centers for Animal Health, and $523,000 in funding
for the University of Northern Iowa's ABIL program, which develops soybean-based
industrial lubricants.

Wisconsin dairy producers may qualify for state grants of up to $7,500 to help
them grow their businesses. Beginning producers can use the money to help them
get started in business. The grant also is available to existing dairy farmers
to transition to or enhance organic or intensively managed grazing operations.

Farmers also can use the money toward modernizing their dairy facilities.

Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle recently announced $1.2 million in grant money is
available to dairy producers and processors as part of his "Grow Wisconsin"
Initiative.

Grants of up to $25,000 are available for local organizations with ideas to
improve dairy farming competitiveness in their area through unique, innovative
projects. Dairy businesses introducing new dairy products, entering new markets,
or implementing innovations in their supply chain might be eligible for grants
of up to $50,000. There are also grants for commodity processors to undertake
major initiatives that add value or cut costs in their businesses.

More information is available at www.GrowWisconsinDairy.org or by calling Jim
Cisler at the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture at 608/224-5137.

A couple of years ago, we reported in the Telegraph Herald on a pilot program to
reduce air pollution through good farming practices. The program was designed to
test the feasibility of trading carbon credits.

The Iowa Farm Bureau Federation announced last month that it and the University
of Iowa entered into their first transaction of carbon credits to help reduce
the emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.

The University of Iowa is the first Iowa-based commercial entity to enter into
an agreement with the Chicago Climate Exchange by purchasing 2,000 tons of
carbon credits for its power plant operations from Iowa farmers. To reduce
emissions, the university power plant burns oat hulls from Quaker Oats in Cedar
Rapids. The plant burned 27,000 tons of oat hulls last year. Each ton burned
displaces more than a half ton of coal. Burning that amount of coal puts 2.5
tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.

In 2003, the Farm Bureau initiated a carbon credit sequestration program for
farmers. Carbon sequestration involves capturing carbon dioxide and storing it
in soil. To date, more than 83,000 acres of Iowa farmland are enrolled in the
four-year pilot program, the Farm Bureau said.

How can farmers protect air quality? Carbon dioxide is removed from the
atmosphere when cropland is farmed with no-till practices or when grasslands are
established. Each acre that is not tilled pulls a half ton of carbon dioxide
from the air per year. The carbon sequestration program seeks to create a market
for farmers' carbon sequestration practices, somewhat similar to other commodity
market exchanges.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

BRIEF: 'Value Added Producer' Workshop Available for Farmers

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 142 words


Dec. 21--A Value Added Producer Grant Workshop will be held 9 a.m.-noon Tuesday,
Jan. 14, at the USDA Service Center, 1554 Bishop Road, Chehalis.

The workshop is an opportunity for farmers to learn more about the program and
get helpful information needed to complete the application.

The VAPG program is for farmers who want to add value to their products and sell
the end product to consumers.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives and agricultural producer groups.

RSVP to Melanie Drecksel, senior loan specialist, at
melanie.drecksel@wa.usda.gov or call (360) 428-4322, ext. 158.

More information on the program is available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG.html.

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131221-1CE-BRF-Value-Added-Producer
-Workshop-Available-for-Farmers-1221-20131221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle

                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: 'Value Added Producer' Workshop Available for Farmers

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 142 words


Dec. 20--A Value Added Producer Grant Workshop will be held 9 a.m.-noon Tuesday,
Jan. 14, at the USDA Service Center, 1554 Bishop Road, Chehalis.

The workshop is an opportunity for farmers to learn more about the program and
get helpful information needed to complete the application.

The VAPG program is for farmers who want to add value to their products and sell
the end product to consumers.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives and agricultural producer groups.

RSVP to Melanie Drecksel, senior loan specialist, at
melanie.drecksel@wa.usda.gov or call (360) 428-4322, ext. 158.

More information on the program is available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG.html.

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131220-1CE-BRF-Value-Added-Producer
-Workshop-Available-for-Farmers-1220-20131220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle

                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Minnesota: New round of value added grants available to ag producers, processors

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has another round of funding available
for projects that will help farmers, producers and processors add value to their
operations. A total of $2 million in funding was made available through the
Agricultural Growth, Research and Innovation Program (AGRI), established by the
legislature to advance Minnesota's agricultural and renewable energy industries.

MDA will distribute the funds through its AGRI Value Added Grant Program which
aims to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural products by diversifying
markets and by increasing market access and food safety.

Specifically, these grants are intended to:

nitiate or expand livestock product processing;
    create feasibility, business, marketing and succession plans for existing
and new businesses;
    purchase equipment to initiate, upgrade, or modernize value added
businesses;
    increase on-farm food safety, such as implementation of a food safety plan;
and
    increase farmers' processing and aggregating capacity to enter
farm-to-school and other markets.

Proposals that have a meat processing, farm-to-school (or other institution)
component, or are addressing Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) or similar type
of food safety plan will receive priority, but applicants with other value added
proposals are encouraged to apply. Small to medium sized operations will also
receive special consideration. Proposals that include business planning,
feasibility studies, marketing planning and succession planning are eligible for
50 percent of the total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $30,000.

Equipment purchases or physical improvements are eligible for 25 percent of the
total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $150,000 with a completed
business plan or food safety plan. A business or food safety plan must outline
what equipment and improvements are necessary to fulfill the plan.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 1, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

ANOTHER DROUGHT THREATENS FARMERS

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 228 words


A dry June left area farmers facing the possibility of their third drought in
four years, one that could wipe out millions of dollars in crop values in Dane
County alone, farmers and local experts said.\

David Fischer, Dane County crops and soils agent for UW-Extension, thinks the
above-average temperatures and below-average rainfall in south-central Wisconsin
have already damaged corn and alfalfa. If the dry spell becomes a severe
drought, that damage could extend to soybeans and easily top $10 million in Dane
County, he said.

Farmer Keith Ripp of Lodi reported spotty rainfall left a half-inch of moisture
in one field and nothing in another. Ripp figures his winter wheat and corn
crops are taking a 10 percent to 15 percent drop in yield.

Grants available for dairy producers

More than $900,000 in grant money is available for dairy producers who intend to
increase production, modernize facilities and create new enterprises, state
officials say.

The Value Added Dairy Initiative is fueled by $2.4 million in federal money
matched by agencies and organizations in Wisconsin. The initiative will disburse
$1.2 million in grants this year and provide technical help through the Dairy
Business Innovation Center, which has helped more than 100 clients since the
initiative first received money in 2004.

Grant applications are available at www.growwisconsindairy.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.

                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

THE long-lasting benefits of biological weed control

SECTION: LIVESTOCK; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 548 words


THE long-lasting benefits of biological weed control and identifying market and
consumer insights to drive value chain innovation and growth in export markets
are projects that have been awarded almost $5 million.

Over the next three years, Meat & Livestock Australia (MLA) will

lead two new research and devel-opment projects, which received the grant
through the Australian government's Rural Research and Development (R&D) for
Profit Program.

MLA managing director Richard Norton said these two areas of research would
offer significant long-term benefits to producers and the wider agricultural
industry.

"MLA is always looking to identify new and innovative areas for research that
will deliver value back to levy payers. We are glad

to work with our research partners on these important issues that benefit
industries across agriculture," he said.

The global supply chain innovation has received $2.87 million for identifying
market and consumer insights to drive value chain innovation and growth in
export markets.

This project will identify opportunities in export markets and help producers
and their supply chain partners respond effectively to those opportunities to
grow their businesses.

It aims to build the capacity of agri-food supply chains to innovate and
collaborate for market advantage by creating easy-to-access tools and
strategies, including online resources and face-to-face workshops.

The partners for this project are the Victorian Department of Economic
Development, Horticulture Innovation Australia, CSIRO and the Australian Seafood
Cooperative Research Centre.

"Growing the global demand for red meat is a priority for the industry,
particularly as Australia exports more than 70 per cent of its beef and lamb,"
Mr Norton said.

"A project that looks at market and consumer insights to identify opportunities
in export markets will not only help producers and their supply chain partners
to grow their businesses, but enable capacity building across other agri-food
supply chains." The second project, biological weed control, was awarded $1.89
million for fast-tracking and maximising the long-lasting benefits of biological
weed control for farm productivity.

This project will improve the control of six national priority agricultural
weeds parkinsonia, parthenium, blackberry, silverleaf nightshade,
cylindropuntia, gorse with the aim of fast-tracking delivery of eight biocontrol
agents to producers.

It is expected to reduce weed competition and herbicide use.

n Partners for the weed project are CSIRO, NSW Department of Primary Industries,
Primary Industries and Regions South Australia, Queensland Department of
Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Victorian Department of Economic
Development and TasWeed.

n "Weeds can be detrimental to business sustainability," Mr Norton said. "By
researching how best to fast-track weed biological control , we can improve
agricultural production and benefit the Australian economy by reducing weed
competition and herbicide use across more than 25 million hectares of pasture in
Australia."

n The project grants are two of 12 new grants approved under the federal
government's $100 million Rural R&D for Profit Program to drive increased
profits for rural industries.

It was announced recently by Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Wyoming ranchers, state agencies partner to create more value for local beef

LENGTH: 877  words

DATELINE: New York



 Cheyenne: Business Council, The State of Wyoming has issued the following news
release:

 Consumers increasingly want to know where their food came from and how it was
produced.



 Many Wyoming ranchers and farmers are responding by certifying their operations
through third parties so their products can be marketed to these growing niche
markets.





 The state of Wyoming provides a variety of programs designed to help ease the
costs of meeting the higher demands of labels like organic or grass-fed.



 A reimbursement program managed by the Wyoming Department of Agriculture
assists with up to 75 percent of the inspection and issuance of a certificate to
become organic. Without the aid, costs to producers could run into the thousands
of dollars, according to department officials.



 To date, about 70 farmers, ranchers and processors are certified organic in
Wyoming.



 Dr. Robert Taylor is one of those ranchers. For him, the pros of organic
ranching ultimately outweigh the cons. Chief among those advantages are the
premiums organic producers receive.



 "They're in it because it provides greater economic yield than conventional
production, because people will pay more for that product," said Taylor, a
veterinarian and owner of Lonetree Ranch in southwestern Wyoming. "My calf sales
can see a 20 percent premium (over nonorganic)."



 United States organic sales have quadrupled in the last decade, to $39 billion
in 2014, according to the Organic Trade Association.



 The ability to place an organic label on Wyoming beef is a boon to marketing
efforts, ranchers say.



 Organic certification comes with third-party verification of how the cattle are
raised, and that translates into consumer confidence, Glenrock rancher Wendi
Lankister explained.



 That confidence lends her Bar Double L Beef an edge over its nonorganic
competition and opens opportunities to sell to more wholesalers.



 Producers can also find verification programs through the Wyoming Business
Council, the state's economic development agency.



 The Wyoming Verified and Wyoming Premium Heifer programs are designed to add
value to feeder cattle and replacement calves by ensuring the animals were
raised to certain standards that meet the requirements of buyers.



 "The programs help producers reach out-of-state markets, and certifying heifers
provides added value for their cattle," said John Henn, livestock and meat
marketing program manager for the Business Council. "Buyers will find some of
the best replacement heifers in Wyoming."



 Those buyers hail from Texas, Oklahoma, South Dakota and points beyond. The
program reassures them the cattle have been managed, vaccinated and bred as
advertised.



 Wyoming Verified began a decade ago. Last year, 9,760 calves were verified
through the program. Premiums amounted to $200,000 for producers.



 The younger Premium Heifer Program sold 595 head of bred heifers in its fourth
year. The animals averaged a $44.57 premium compared to regional sale barn and
video sales.



 "I see the Premium Heifer Program growing over the next five years, as
awareness gets out there to producers," Henn said.



 One of the verified beef buyers is David Fales, owner of Wyoming Authentic
Products.



 Fales founded the Cody-based company after more than 30 years in the food
business. His mission was to introduce Wyoming Angus beef to the world. His
cattle are fed grass and grain on a Torrington feedlot inspected by the Business
Council as part of the agency's age verification program.



 Wyoming Authentic Products has used funding support from the Western United
States Agricultural Trade Association and grants from the Business Council's
Trade Show Incentive Grant program to reach new markets.



 Today, Fales sells Wyoming Gourmet Beef in more than 40 states and Canada. The
company is also eyeing Japanese markets.



 The rapid expansion over the last two years follows Wyoming Authentic Products'
move into a new 6,000 square-foot processing facility, partially paid for by a
$1.2 million Business Council grant. Forward Cody, the local economic
development group, owns the one-acre lot and building and leases it to the
company.



 Since the move, Wyoming Authentic Products has created 14 jobs and opened new
opportunities for other producers to co-pack products because it is the state's
only U.S. Department of Agriculture-inspected facility.



 "People value that we're all-natural," Fales said.



 The company can trace its steaks, jerky and beef sticks back to the ranches
from which the beef came. Wyoming Authentic Products even puts the name of the
ranch on every box it ships.



 Consumers have shown they are willing to pay more when the beef they buy is
proven to have been raised in a healthy, sustainable manner. Partnerships
between ranchers and the Business Council are helping Wyoming agriculture rake
in additional revenue while meeting those needs.





 About the Wyoming Business Council. Our mission is to increase Wyoming's
prosperity. We envision a Wyoming where industries are strong, diverse and
expanding. Small business is a big deal. Communities have the highest quality of
life. Wyoming is the technology center of the High Plains.





  In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

CTF off-base to criticize cow emissions research

BYLINE: Lynn Grant, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 250  words


Re: CTF blasts cow emissions study (SP, Sept. 13). The study on cow emissions is
producing value for the money from producers and taxpayers.

Increasing the efficiency of how cattle digest food does decrease their
emissions of greenhouse gases. The scientists were also investigating how best
to store carbon in native grasslands, which also contributes to healthy
grassland and increased wildlife habitat.

As a producer, I find the research community more than willing to share results
and its expertise. Researchers recognize that sharing this knowledge is a
catalyst for change based on science.

This research used an innovative collar to measure the methane released as cows
grazed on different types of grass, managed in different rotations. It wasn't a
gas mask. The information helps producers' efforts to improve production
practices and reduce GHGs.

The original story appeared in Summer 2007 issue of The Furrow. This publication
reaches nearly every North American farmer and rancher. Lorne McClinton, who
wrote that article, and the publisher, John Deere, a well-known machinery
manufacturer, should be commended for recognizing the value of this research to
cattle producers.

Canadian cattle producers support efficient and effective use of taxpayers'
dollars. This research puts scientific fact into climate change discussion and
creates a win for all: wildlife habitat, ecosystem functioning, economic health
and rural culture.

Lynn Grant

Environment committee chair

Canadian Cattlemen's Association

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

Woldgrain to double its storage

LENGTH: 242 words



HIGHLIGHT: Wednesday 3pm

by Daniel Jones

A GRANT of £1.5 million, the largest grant ever awarded for an agricultural
project in the East Midland, is enabling a local company to almost double its
business - and reduce storage costs.


 The award has been won from the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE)
for Woldgrain Storage at Hemswell and will enable them to increase their storage
capacity from 31,500 tonnes to 57,000.
Woldgrain Storage, a not-for-profit co-operative, was established in 1980 and
stores grain on behalf of its members.

The grant from the East Midlands Development Agency (EMDA) represents 37 per
cent of the capital cost and will allow the building of two new intake pits, a
high capacity drier, colour sorter, high capacity cleaners and a gravity
separator.

Chairman of Woldgrain, Richard Milligan-Manby, said the supply chain was
becoming 'more demanding' as to how grain was stored.

"With the new facilities we will have access to high specification facilities
which will allow us to add value to our end product", he said.

The company claims growth of Wold Grain Storage will help local farmers meet the
increasingly rigorous needs of food producers, making it a fundamental part of
the supply chain.

Providing healthier supply-trade contracts will lead to longer term security for
the local producers, with the new scheme lowering the cost per tonne from the
normal storage unit's price of £125 per tonne to £115 per tonne.

Andrew Morgan, EMDA's skills and communities director, said: "We believe this
modern new facility will make a real difference to farmers in the region,
helping them add significant value to their crops and improve their bottom
line."

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRM


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Further foray into poultry for pork producer in £40m buy-out

BYLINE: Jim Keenan

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 450 words


Pork producer Cranswick has flown further into the poultry market with the
acquisition of north Suffolk-based Crown Chicken in a £40m deal.

Hull-based Cranswick, which employs about 1,000 in the Watton area, snapped up
family-owned CCL Holdings and its subsidiary Crown Chicken in a bid to extend
its reach outside the pig market.



Crown, based in Weybridge, breeds, rears and processes fresh chicken for supply
across grocery retail, food service, wholesale and manufacturing and had a
turnover of £83.8m for the year ending December 31, 2015.

The EDP Top100 firm, which employs 400 people, also has a milling operation
which supplies feed to pig and poultry businesses across East Anglia, including
Cranswick.

It comes after Cranswick, also an EDP Top100 firm, made its first â ¨foray into
poultry with the acquisition of Hull-based premium cooked chicken producer
Benson Park in 2014.

Cranswick chief executive Adam Couch said there would be further investment in
Crown, and no job losses from the acquisition.

"It is in keeping with the strategy we are pressing ahead with, to become a
fully-integrated poultry-producing business producing its own feed," he said.
"We had a very clear two-pronged strategy about three years ago. One is
expanding into alternative proteins, and the other is geographical expansion."

And he highlighted further expansion plans, adding: "There are opportunities in
the near-continent and value-added businesses."

The deal will see Crown's chairman David Thacker retire from the business, while
mill director Nigel Armes and agricultural director Matthew Ward will stay on at
the firm.

Last year, Cranswick recorded revenues of £1bn and pre-tax profits of £52.8m to
March 31 2015.

Craig Hodgson, partner and head of the food and beverage sector at law firm
Mills & Reeve, said: "Historically what Cranswick has tended to do is invest in
businesses it has acquired. There is capacity to grow the Crown facility."

Grant Thornton's central and east of England corporate finance team advised
Crown's shareholders.

Darren Bear, a partner at Grant Thornton who led the deal, added: "Last year the
total deal volume and disclosed deal value in the UK food and beverage sector
reached the highest level for five years. This positive trend is clearly
reflected in the Eastern region which is home to many attractive and ambitious
food and drink companies looking to fulfil their strategic ambitions."

Sophie Jourdier, analyst at Liberum, said the deal "gives Cranswick a foothold
to expand into poultry processing, adding another leg to the company's growth
outlook beyond its market share gains and rising exports in pork".

Are you planning an acquisition? Email sabah.meddings@archant.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2016 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 3, 2000 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

QCT turns down Metcoal offer

BYLINE: Bruce Hextall

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 429 words


QCT Resources Ltd's directors have unanimously rejected a joint $830 million
takeover bid by BHP and Mitsubishi, pointing to an independent expert's report
which values the coal producer as much as 57 per cent above the offer price.

The report by Grant Samuel & Associates, contained in QCT's target statement
released yesterday, values QCT's shares at between $1.57 and $1.89 a share
compared to the offer price of $1.20 per share.

QCT's managing director, Dr Chris Rawlings, said the valuation of the offer by
joint bidding vehicle, Metcoal, was only one reason behind QCT's rejection.

He said QCT believed the offer represented a skinny multiple on forecast
earnings.

It also took little account of the benefits likely to accrue to BHP and
Mitsubishi if they assumed control of the 11 million tonnes of highly sought
after prime coking coal QCT sells on the international market each year.

Dr Rawlings said the MetCoal offer implied a price-earnings ratio for QCT of
10.5 times forecast 2000-01 earnings compared with at least 12 times for major
Australian resources companies.

At present QCT's output is marketed by BHP but Dr Rawlings said other coal
producers could also benefit from gaining control of QCT's production, making
the possibility of a counterbid realistic.

Grant Samuel assumed a range of coal prices and foreign exchange rates to value
QCT's coal mining assets on a discounted cash flow basis at between $1.57 and
$1.89, before deciding the offer was neither fair nor reasonable.

It said the size of the premium to QCT's market price price reflected the low
liquidity of the stock due to the 36 per cent stake held by Santos Ltd and
market uncertainty about the company's 100 per cent owned South Blackwater mine.

However, BHP and Mitsubishi rejected QCT's assertions, seizing on a footnote
where Grant Samuel suggested QCT shares were unlikely to trade at $1.20 in the
short term if it were not for the bid.

The stock closed yesterday at $1.30 a share, having traded consistently above
$1.20 since Metcoal announced its offer in August because of expectations that a
counterbid might emerge.

The joint bidders also attacked the independent report's suggestion that the
South Blackwater mine, which has been plagued with operational problems, was
worth between $225 million and $250 million or between 32Â¢ and 36Â¢ a share.

"In our opinion because QCT has a poor track record in managing the South
Blackwater mine the valuation of that asset cannot be supported," a BHP
spokesperson said.

BHP, Mitsubishi and QCT are partners in the Bowen Basin coal mining operations.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: `Other coal producers could also benefit from gaining control of
QCT's production.' Photograph by Phil Carrick.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 8, 2004, Saturday

HORTICULTURE AID GRANTED

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 350 words


A grant aid package of EUR4.38 million (pounds 2.95 million), for capital
investments of the order of EUR13 million (pounds 8.7 million) in the
horticulture sector, has been announced by Noel Treacy, Minister of States at
the Department of Agriculture and Food.

These grants, which come under the National Development Plan, would be of
significant benefit to the 118 producers whose applications had been successful,
he said.

The grant aid approved covers all areas of the horticultural production sector -
mushrooms, protected crops, nursery crops, field vegetables, soft fruit, apples
and bee-keeping. This aid package follows on the earlier rounds completed in
2002 and 2003 and will bring the total grant aid paid to horticulture producers
under the 2000-2006 National Development Plan to more than EUR9 million (pounds
6 million), covering capital investments in buildings and equipment of some
EUR27 million (pounds 18.2 million).

Mr Treacy said that the horticulture sector was a very dynamic one with the
farmgate output increasing by some 25 per cent since 1998, to a current value of
over EUR280 million (pounds 189 million).

"The grant aid paid out under the National Development Plan and previous schemes
has been a major catalyst for the development of the sector and its contribution
to the national economy," he said.

He acknowledged that the mushroom sector, in particular, was facing much
pressure with many producers exiting the sector. For that reason he was
targeting a significant portion of the grant aid package at mushroom producers,
who will avail of the EUR1.6 million (pounds 1 million) being provided to
modernise and improve their facilities to put them in a more competitive
position.

In addition, Mr Treacy said that the glasshouse and nursery crops sectors, would
also be major beneficiaries under the scheme with grant aid of some EUR2 million
(pounds 1.3 million) being provided. "Overall, this grant aid package will
contribute to the continued growth and development of this very important sector
of Irish agriculture," said Mr Treacy.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited

                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 14, 2002 Sunday

Farmers urged to apply for value-added project grants; Funds: Several programs
are available to help market products

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a17

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: MAQUOKETA, Iowa


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing in new ideas.

The federal farm bill, passed this year by Congress, authorizes $$ @40 million
annually for the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants
program. Value-added products return more revenue to farmers than bulk
commodities do, such as, using corn for ethanol production or growing organic
vegetables.

"The primary objective of this grant is to help eligible producers to market
their products," said Tom Miller, with the agriculture department's Rural
Development office in Maquoketa.

Independent farmers, farmer cooperatives, and agriculture producer groups are
eligible. Businesses where farmers own majority control also are eligible.

"It's really wide open. The eligibility criteria have been expanded," Miller
said.

Grant funds may be used for planning a value-added agricultural enterprise, or
for working capital. The grant dollars must be matched by the applicants.

There also is a plethora of other governmental, quasi-governmental, and
privately funded grant and loan programs to help entrepreneurs.
Rural-development officials outlined some of the tools available at an
informational meeting Thursday in Maquoketa. About 40 people from around eastern
Iowa attended.

"We are there to help you," said Cali Beals, with the Iowa Department of
Economic Development. Beals said some business people at the meeting may be
eligible for the state's Value-Added Agricultural Products and Processes
Financial Assistance Program. The program has invested $$ @5.5 million in 34
value-added projects since 1994, she said.

Value-added projects also could be eligible for assistance from rural electric
cooperatives. Patty Manual, with the Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric
Cooperative, said the cooperative's Rural Economic Development Loan Program can
provide some "gap finances."

Another resource for value-added agricultural enterprises is the Iowa Farm
Bureau Federation, said Dennis Harding, the Farm Bureau's Commodity Services
Coordinator.

The Farm Bureau offers a technical assistance grant that can be used in a
variety of ways, Harding said.

"It's a very flexible grant program," Harding said. He also urged agricultural
entrepreneurs to network with local economic-development agencies.

"I think you'll be pleasantly surprised on how much information is out there and
how much support is out there," Harding said.

That includes county farm bureau organizations, said Tim Neiss, regional manager
for five eastern Iowa Farm Bureaus.

"Don't overlook what the county farm bureaus can do for you," he said.

The various state and local grant programs can be used in conjunction with the
federal program as part of a total assistance package for new businesses, Miller
said.

The federal program is a competitive grant. Projects submitted for consideration
are scored and compete with other proposals from across the United States.
Miller is optimistic Iowa's value-added projects will be competitive.

"We've got a lot of things funded in Iowa from this program," he said. Last
year, Iowa projects received $$ @9 million of the $$ @25 million available.

The deadline to submit applications is Aug. 8. Miller said he looks for the
program to be popular in Iowa.

"I'm expecting to be real busy," he said.

<br>

<br>

News You Can Use

More information on the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development
Grants Program is available on the web at:

Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grant Program, on the web
at:

www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Tom Miller

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                           December 22, 1992 Tuesday

BYLINE: MCCRANN TERRY

LENGTH: 1014 words


Queensland Cement t he big loser in merger AT first glance Adelaide Brighton's
cement merger looks like one of those great 1980s deals where two and two is
made to add to five or even seven.

Adelaide Brighton is merging the bulk of its cement operations, and most
especially its state-of-the-art Birkenhead plant in South Australia, with the
Geelong plant owned by Australian Cement Holdings, and will emerge with 51 per
cent of the enlarged business.

Investment bankers Grant Samuel & Associates have done an independent evaluation
of the proposal and concluded it will add significant value for Adelaide
Brighton shareholders.

On Grant Samuel's numbers, the business Adelaide Brighton is injecting into the
marriage is worth $118 million-148 million. But the value of its investment in
the enlarged entity will be worth $208 million-$233 million.

Does this mean that Australian Cement (which is jointly owned by CSR and Pioneer
International) is generously passing across somewhere between $60 million and
$115 million of value to Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders?

The simple answer is no. So, do we have a case of two and two adding to five or
more?

In one sense it is. Australian Cement and its shareholders are not losing out,
and Adelaide Brighton and its shareholders are gaining although arguably
something less than indicated by those numbers.

But unlike those wonderful deals in the 1980s, the value is not emerging from
thin air, but coming from somewhere tangible. And that's from an unconnected
third party, Queensland Cement which gets badly burned by the deal.

For the added value to the new cement operation comes from long-term sales
contracts given to it as part of the deal, which will probably see Queensland
Cement selling less cement, and selling it less profitably. Which is why it is
less than pleased with the proposal.

This is indicated very clearly in the Grant Samuel report which states that it
is "the sales contracts rather than the acquisition of the Geelong works that
leads to the real benefits for Adelaide Brighton." Which as indicated, Grant
Samuel concludes, are substantial. It sees the deal adding nearly $9 million to
Adelaide Brighton's after-tax profit, which should boost earnings per share in
the 1993-94 year by 32 per cent from 11.1c to 14.7c.

When you add on the fact the deal dramatically improves Adelaide Brighton's
balance sheet by taking $102 million of debt out and into the merged entity,
thereby slicing Adelaide Brighton's gearing from 49 per cent to 39 per cent, the
benefits for shareholders are even more substantial.

To understand how this comes about, you need to appreciate two things. The
current structure of Australia's cement industry, and what emerges from this
deal.

The two key points about the cement industry today is its heavy overcapacity
with the end of the building and construction boom.

Total production capacity is about 7.3 million tonnes per year, but demand is
running at only 5.9 million tonnes.

And secondly, the industry splits into two groups. Two majors from the other
two.

Under the merger proposal, Adelaide Brighton will largely cease to be a swing
producer, as it signs long-term contracts with Australian Cement and its two
shareholders to supply 300,000-plus tonnes a year.

And the loser out of that has to be Queensland Cement which is left as the sole
swing producer.

Being a swing producer is great in the good times. You sell a lot of cement, and
at a premium. In the bad times it's bad news and whatever happens to the economy
more broadly, we are most unlikely to return to the boom construction days of
the late-1980s soon.

Especially as Australian Cement is upgrading its Goliath plant which is not
included in the deal, but will mean it will have stakes in the two
state-of-the-art plants in the country with aggregate capacity of 2.2 million
tonnes.

Now, a qualification to this is the way the industry operates on the ground,
with borrow-and-loan arrangements around the country to save on freight costs.
With Queensland likely to be significantly less depressed than the southern
states, this will help Queensland Cement temper the pain somewhat.

But the bottom line is that it's the loser. In not itself being able to get into
bed with Australian Cement and leave Adelaide Brighton as the swing producer,
and in not directly snaring that company and its Birkenhead plant.

It had bought an 8 per cent shareholding in Adelaide Brighton to have a seat at
the table when the dealing was done but has been neatly bypassed.

At this stage the Trade Practices Commission has not said boo to a deal which
will significantly concentrate the industry and put the two state-of-the-art
plants almost under one roof. And probably won't, as Adelaide Brighton keeps
management control of Birkenhead and Geelong.

From a corporate perspective, it would probably have been better to include the
Goliath plant, but as Adelaide Brighton could not fund a 51 per cent stake in
such an enlarged venture, it did not want to be watered down to perhaps 25-30
per cent.

And having Australian Cement as the majority partner would certainly have
incurred the wrath of the TPC.

The deal has to be approved by Adelaide Brighton shareholders and Queensland
Cement will probably vote against it, and perhaps also Boral which also has a
shareholding for a seat at the Birkenhead table.

But even with Pioneer not being able to vote its shares, Adelaide Brighton can
probably muster enough yeses.

ARGUABLY Schroders - who did not do an independent evaluation of the Pacific BBA
bid for Siddons Ramset is looking at Siddons through 1980s rose-coloured
glasses, and at Pacific BBA through steelier 1990s lenses.

Nevertheless, it makes a good case that Siddons is worth something north of $2 a
share, and the Pacific BBA offer (and shares) fall somewhere south of that
figure.

That leaves a big gap to be made up, especially when a third party the Illinois
Tool Works is sitting right on the $2 demarcation line with a straight cash
offer.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            February 18, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

St. Joseph's Health Centre receives $100K grant for local food study

BYLINE: Rob O'Flanagan, Mercury staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: GUELPH


Locally produced food is more scrumptious, less mystifying and healthier than
food stuffs transported great distances.

That was the prevailing attitude during the unveiling of new provincial
government funding for projects geared to bringing more locally grown food onto
the menu of public facilities in Ontario. Good, local food is part of Guelph's
culture and integral to patient care at St. Joseph's Health Centre, officials
told reporters during a news conference Thursday in the Westmount Road
facility's cafeteria.

Through the Greenbelt Fund's Broader Public Sector Investment Fund, the province
is investing $1.16 million to help expand local food networks and increase the
prevalence of local food in public facilities. Burkhard Mausberg, president of
the Greenbelt Fund, said promoting local food generates economic opportunity in
Ontario's farming sector.

And it helps reduce the negative environmental costs of long-distance
transportation. He said the agricultural community didn't need to be convinced
that enhancing local food networks was the right thing to do.

"They were ready for this, they were primed," he said. The criteria for funding
projects revolved around their economic viability, their ability to spur
systemic change in the food value chain, and their capacity to replicate
successes, he added.

The local food movement, he said, "is not a fad." As transportation costs
increase due to rising fuel prices, it will become apparent that locally sourced
food makes more sense. While the economic benefits are significant, the benefits
to the palate are equally so, he indicated. Local food simply tastes better.

St. Joseph's received a $100,000 grant to study just how much local food it
utilizes and identify ways to secure more of its food closer to home. Leslie
Carson, manager of food and nutrition services, said about 20 per cent of the
long-term care facility's food is produced and procured locally. But as local
networks of producers and processors develop and expand, the facility's
dependency on local food will likely increase.

"This project is a natural fit for St. Joe's," Carson told the gathering, which
included Ontario Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs Carol Mitchell,
and Guelph MPP Liz Sandals.

Those values include compassion, accountability and respect, Carson said, and
serving healthy, tasty and familiar food - food that is not mysterious in its
origins or its nutritional value - is the right thing to do for patients who
often have agriculture in their backgrounds.

Carson said the facility provides three meals daily for its residents on a slim
budget of $7.33 per day. It is actually more cost effective to use "foods from
the ground" than processed foods, she said, explaining that processed foods are
generally more expensive.

"Buying foods closer to nature enables us to meet our budget," she said, adding
that securing food locally contributes to the local farm economy and fosters
local culture.

Along with the St. Joseph's initiative, Mitchell brought word of other local
food investments, including a $275,000 grant to Kitchener-based 100 Mile Market
Ontario Inc., a local food sourcing and distribution company with a roster of
more than 160 farmers/producers. The funding will help the company expand its
infrastructure and extend its reach into public institutions.

Bradford-based Cohn Farms also received $350,000 to build, in collaboration with
other producers, a co-packing/processing facility. Its goal is to provide more
Ontario food to daycares, schools, universities and colleges, hospitals and
long-term care facilities. A cluster of about 30 farmers will gain access to
processing equipment.

"When we choose local food everybody wins," said Mitchell, "including farmers,
the economy and the environment."

A good, home-cooked meal "does wonders for body and spirit," she added, and food
brings people together. The province's commitment to promoting grown-in-Ontario
food and expanding the market for it is reflected in these recent investments,
she said.

roflanagan@guelphmercury.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Business Briefs: PRC enhances service guidelines in Doña Ana County

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 652 words


SANTA FE &GT;&GT; Public Regulation Commissioners today approved a voluntary
agreement between New Mexico Gas Company and Zia Natural Gas to help make
customer service boundaries clearer in and around Doca Ana County while also
eliminating uncertainties for emergency personnel who interact with underground
gas facilities in the area.

The decision follows several hearings in which concerns about the nearly
abutting proximity of each company's facilities underscored issues of confusion
over service territories and facility management during emergencies such as gas
leaks.

According to PRC staff, gas lines in some areas of the county are less than 60
feet apart, often making it unclear who should serve certain customers and which
company should be called if a line needs to be shut. The new agreement
establishes exclusive service areas for NMGC and Zia near communities like
Hatch, Vado and Mesilla. The companies will delineate boundaries using natural
features like arroyos and newly-designated perimeters set in equal distances
from each other's existing facilities.

"These new parameters will serve the public interest in several ways by
eliminating economic waste, decreasing delays in customer service and averting
the potential for litigation over territorial disputes," said Commissioner Ben
Hall, whose District 5 covers most of the areas affected.

Visit the NMPRC online at www.nmprc.state.nm.us .Udall announces funding to help
Deming winery expand

DEMING &GT;&GT; U.S. Senator Tom Udall, a member of the Senate Appropriations
Subcommittee on Agriculture and Rural Development, recently visited the St.
Clair Winery in Deming and announced a $50,000 grant to help expand production
of its Hatch chile-infused wines and support New Mexico's agricultural industry,
which is creating jobs in Luna County. The funding will help the winery to boost
revenues and grow its customer base for its chile-infusted line of wines by
reimbursing production, marketing and distribution costs.

"St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile-infused wines are a distinctly New Mexican
product, and I'm proud to support funding to help the winery grow its business
and expand the market for this unique specialty product," Udall said.
"Agriculture is an important part of New Mexico and Luna County's economy, and I
was pleased to learn more about the jobs that are being created. As a member of
the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue to fight for resources to
support producers and business like New Mexico Wineries Inc. as they create new
products, break into new markets, and generate tourism that strengthens the
economies of rural New Mexico communities."

The funding was awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products. The grants often support business development for niche and specialty
products in rural communities. Funding for the grant program is authorized
through the Farm Bill, which Udall helped to pass earlier this year. On the
Senate Appropriations Committee, Udall has been a long-time supporter of USDA
Rural Development programs, and he continues to push for investments that will
promote development in rural communities in New Mexico and across the nation.

St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile line of wines is produced using premium chile
from Hatch Valley, creating a uniquely New Mexican product. The family-owned
winery's vineyard is located 47 miles west of Deming, and the company operates
St. Clair Winery and Bistro locations across New Mexico. Its products are sold
at locations throughout the Southwest, and the grant funding will help to
further expand its production and distribution.

Pro's Ranch Market New Name Revealed Los Altos Ranch Market to be Unveiled on
September 3, 2014 in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas

Sun-News reports

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          December 13, 1995, Wednesday

Christmas Gifts: Whiskey: Chancellor plays a spirited Santa Claus

BYLINE: Alison Eadie

SECTION: CHRISTMAS GIFTS: SPECIAL REPORTS; Page  xm

LENGTH: 657 words


Christmas came early for spirits producers and consumers when Kenneth Clarke,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, reduced excise duty on spirits by four per cent in
last month's Budget.

Although his generosity merely reversed last year's mini-Budget, when excise
duties were put up by four per cent to compensate for government failure to
raise value added tax on domestic fuel to 17.5 per cent, it was warmly welcomed.
It took effect from six o'clock on the night of the Budget, and major
supermarket and pub chains passed the benefit on straight away, even on spirits
already out of bond on which the higher duty rate had been paid.

The Scotch whisky industry was particularly grateful for the first duty cut in
100 years. Scotch sales account for 42 per cent of all spirits sales in the UK,
but have been under severe pressure in the home market following last year's
mini-Budget. However, the figures mask diverging trends. In the 12 months to
August, releases of blended whisky from bonded warehouses were down by 6 per
cent, but releases of malt whisky were up by 24 per cent. Malt sales have also
been booming overseas. In the six months to June, shipments were up 40 per cent
to the US, 40 per cent to Spain and 200 per cent to Taiwan.

A spokesman for the Scotch Whisky Association said the growing availability of
malts meant interest in them was increasing and more people were trying them.
Malts account for just 5 per cent of total whisky sales, yet their higher
margins make them attractive to whisky producers.

Malts were barely sold outside the north of Scotland until 1964, when William
Grant & Sons launched Glenfiddich to a wider audience. It is still the world's
biggest malt-seller, although many others have piled into the market since.
United Distillers, owned by Guinness, has capitalised on consumer desire for
experimentation with its range of Classic Malts - Lagavulin, Talisker,
Dalwhinnie, Cragganmore, Oban and Glenkinchie - sold in full bottles or a
miniature pack. Because they are more of a fashion item, malts appeal to younger
drinkers, according to David Grant, a director of WM Grant. "Glenfiddich has a
younger profile than Grant's, the company's leading blended whisky," he says.

The whisky industry is presently trying to throw off the image of Scotch as an
old man's drink. After 40 years, the gentleman's agreement which kept whisky
advertising off television has broken down. Several major brands, including
Bell's and Teacher's, are advertising on television this Christmas.

Gains made by malt whiskies are not evenly spread. Although the big brands are
still growing, soaring sales of own-label, cheaper malts in the supermarkets and
the rapid spread of new branded products, has put them under pressure.
Producers of premium brands hope consumer preference for quality and distillery
names will help them hold on to market share in the face of mounting
competition.

The Malt Whisky Association, a club devoted to expanding the knowledge and
enjoyment of malts, points to a trend towards rarer, older malts among its
small, select membership. These malts never touch the supermarket shelves. They
are aged from 15 to 25 years, are 50 per cent to 60 per cent proof and cost
pounds 70 to pounds 80 a bottle. Steve Poore of the association says independent
producers buy casks from distillers and then bottle and market the malts
themselves. The casks have often been tucked away during a time of surplus
stocks, but are too few in number to make production a worthwhile operation for
mass-market producers.

Christmas Gifts: Single Malts

Single Malt Scotch Whisky - Top 10 Brands Worldwide for 1994.

(Thousands of Nine-litre Bases.)

1 Glenfiddich 775

2 Glen Grant 480

3 The Glenlivet 275

4 Glenmorangie 155

5 The Macallan 155

6 Aberlour 100

7 Cardhu 100

8 Lagavulin 60

9 Laphroaig 55

10 Knockando 55

(Source: Impact Databank)


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd

                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 9, 2008 Sunday

Alaska's next big oil boom may come from fishy source

BYLINE: Laine Welch, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 910 words


Mar. 9--Alaska's future fortunes could soon be fueled by another oil boom -- and
it won't be from crude.

Fish oils are the biggest buzz in the bio-products world, said Peter Bechtel, a
U.S. Department of Agriculture researcher at the University of Alaska Fairbanks.

"We're seeing almost a revolution right now. Everyone is interested in the
health benefits from omega 3 fatty acids, and Alaska's cold water marine fish
are an excellent source," he said.

Several things are driving the bio-rally, especially in today's climate of
"planet consciousness."

"We have a huge amount of material in Alaska that isn't made into fillets or
roe, and we need to do something with this. This is especially important to
parts of the salmon industry in Southeast Alaska," Bechtel said.

According to 2005 federal data, Alaska fishermen catch approximately 2.5 million
metric tons of fish each year, yielding 1.3 million tons of waste.

A portion of that becomes fish meal or fertilizers. Bechtel said seafood
companies are realizing there is lots more value in all that fish gurry.

"Almost anything that can be made out of these byproducts has increased in value
tremendously in the last couple of years," Bechtel said.

The material can be made into fish oils, fish meals, supplements, gelatins from
skins, and ingredients for farm animals, even ingredients for the cosmetic
industry. Bechtel said fish oils can also cut energy needs in rural Alaska.

"In Alaska a lot of fish oil can be made. The question is how much is it worth.
The current price is the same as boiler fuel. It can be used to heat hot water
and other things," he said.

Bechtel said Alaska "is making tremendous strides in byproducts utilization --
one fish part at a time."

Federal dollars could help fuel fish oil projects for Alaska fishermen.

"Those would be value added products, because you're taking the fish and
processing it into a new product. That absolutely would be eligible," said Dean
Stewart, director of Business Programs for the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development program in Palmer.

Adding value can be as basic as heading and gutting, or chilling the fish.

"The result is intended to allow agricultural producers to receive more benefit
from the products they produce, instead of just selling it in the raw form,"
Stewart said.

More than $18 million is available for the program nationwide. Up to $100,000 is
available for planning grants and up to $300,000 as working capital grants.
Stewart said the money can be used for branding and marketing programs, and
custom processing.

"Fishermen can contract for the processing. as long as they own the product and
they get their own fish back. The cost of that processing is actually a working
capital cost and can be a part of the reimbursement through the grant," he said.

The value added grants apply to all active fishermen.

"We keep hearing about pockets of fishermen and family processing activities,
and we really think there are good opportunities for us to support these
projects," Stewart said.

Stewart says the application process has been streamlined and simplified.
Deadline to apply for the Value-Added Producer Grants is March 31. Questions?
Call 907-761-7722 or www.rurdev.usda.gov/ak.

Cod farmers are scaling back on their predictions to be the next big boom in
aquaculture.

A few years ago industry watchers hailed cod as the next aquaculture gold rush
and said world farmed production could approach 500 million pounds within a
decade. But now cod farming appears to be floundering.

Seafood.com editor John Sackton reports that fish growers in Norway, the world's
cod farming leader, now say they will produce less than 10,000 tons of cod this
year, not enough for a viable market.

Farmers are saying attempts to grow the fish commercially have hit some big
biological roadblocks. A major problem is that farmed cod reach sexual maturity
much more quickly than wild fish -- sometimes within a year. That means when
they reach market size 18 months later, the cod flesh has turned mushy, with no
sales value. Selective breeding and other methods could solve the problem, but
that takes money.

Sackton said even with record wild cod prices, costs for successful aquaculture
are high, and the problems have discouraged investors.

Making farmed fish taste like a wild one is the latest investment of HQ
Sustainable Maritime Industries, one of the world's biggest tilapia growers, has
created "sea-flavored" tilapia.

HQ uses a secret mix of flavoring compounds and other high tech methods to
"manipulate its farmed fish to taste like wild pollock."

The company wants to break the hold that Alaska pollock has in the fast food and
fish stick markets by better imitating the taste of wild fish. The Seattle-based
HQ Maritime Industries, which touts itself as the leader in "zero toxin
aquaculture," operates in China, the world's largest tilapia producer.

The U.S. imports the most tilapia, and sales are growing at more than 30 percent
a year. Worldwide, tilapia sales will likely top $4 billion by 2010.

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080309-JA-FISH-OILS-20080309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2008 Alaska Journal of Commerce

                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           September 20, 2013 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Asian appetites drive expansion of cattle herds; Japan, China demand pushes
ranchers to first hike since 2005

BYLINE: Jen Skerritt, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Canadian cattle ranchers are poised to start expanding their herds for the first
time in almost a decade on signs of rising demand for beef from China and Japan,
according to researcher Canfax.

Herds are poised to grow two per cent by 2015 as ranchers retain more heifers to
increase production, said Brenna Grant, the manager of research at Canfax, the
market analysis division of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association. Beef producers
are preparing to replenish their herds to take advantage of higher prices and
increased demand, Grant said.

Ranchers had 13.5 million cattle on their farms in July, up 0.1 per cent from a
year earlier and the first yearover-year increase since 2005, Statistics Canada
said in an Aug. 22 report.

The herd is 20 per cent below a peak reached in July 2005. Exporters shipped a
record 10,088 metric tons of beef to China from January and June, almost triple
the amount for all of 2012, Canada Beef Inc. said.

"The demand is there, and it is growing," Grant said. "That's the price signal
to have producers expand."

Wholesale prices for AAA grade beef climbed 7.6 per cent in the week that ended
Sept. 6 from a year earlier, according to a Canfax report.

Consumers in Japan and China are willing to pay a premium for high-quality beef
and purchase cuts of meat that are less popular among North American consumers,
Rob Meijer, the president of Canada Beef

Inc., a producer-funded group, said. "They're attracting the middle meats, the
AAA's, the high-value rib-eyes but they're also going for the offals, like
tracheas," Meijer said. Shipments to China will be constrained as producers
struggle to meet demand, Meijer said. There's a lag time from when ranchers
start to rebuild their herd to increases in cattle supply, so production may not
increase until 2015 or 2016, Canfax's Grant said.

"The agriculture census showed us that close to 25 per cent of producers left
the beef industry from 2006 to 2011, it's very substantial," Grant said, saying
the exodus occurred because some international markets shunned Canadian beef,
higher feed costs and a strengthening domestic currency. "We're a much smaller,
leaner industry than we were 10 years ago."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jeff McIntosh, The Canadian Press, File; It takes time to increase beef
production and it may be 2015 or 2016 before ranchers catch up to growing
demand.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 2, 1999 Saturday

When reflation rears its head Canadian stocks will shine again

BYLINE: DUNNERY BEST

SECTION: ROB COLUMN; INVESTING ON STOCKS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 884 words


Heading into 1999, one theme dominates: When will worldwide efforts at reflation
bear fruit? And, how should an investor be positioned for this next major market
shift? (Reflation refers to the recovery of deflated prices.)

Much flows from this issue, including forecasts for corporate earnings, the
outlook for interest rates and bond prices, the fate of the Canadian dollar, and
so forth.

From the positive side, many undervalued cyclical and commodity stocks can be
expected to rally when the first signs of a successful reflation exercise are
detected. And yes, Canadian stock markets will likely enjoy one of their rare
periods of relative outperformance versus U.S. markets.

Some of the top value plays waiting for a go signal include Nova Corp., a
building block petrochemical producer; Domtar Inc., a diversified forest
products producer; Ipsco Inc., one of North America's most aggressive and best-
run steel companies; base metals producers such as Falconbridge Inc., and Aur
Resources Inc.; conglomerates such as Canadian Pacific Ltd., and EdperBrascan
Corp. (I've written about many of these companies in the past year. As deflation
has persisted, some have been disappointing investments. Reflation may be their
saving grace.)

The other side of the equation is that when inflation begins to rouse itself,
bond values will be rattled. A recent comment from New York-based Grant's
Interest Rate Observer, captained by the redoubtable James Grant, sets the tone
quite succinctly: "The fundamental question . . . is how much yield is enough to
compensate an investor for risks in a world so evidently bent on reflation."

So far, the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has eased three times, with avid
participation by most of the world's central banks, including Canada's. One
recent report cites 40 central bank easings in October-November alone. The pace
has been maintained in December (though the Fed declined further easing action
at its meeting last week).

And yet, deflation -- which is to say, a general decline in prices -- remains
the dominant year-end theme. The Commodity Research Bureau (CRB) index at 188.53
(at the time of writing) has fallen to levels last seen in the early 1970s. On
an inflation-adjusted basis, CRB values harken back to the early 1930s.

Base metals languish at multiyear lows, with a growing proportion of producers
failing to cover their cash cost of production for copper, zinc, and nickel. Oil
is in the gutter. Generally speaking, commodity prices tend to be an accurate
compass indicating the direction for global growth. In other words, the outlook
is sloppy.

The problem for the Fed is that North America doesn't appear to need an economic
shot in the arm. The United States is flourishing, with growth barreling along
at a 4-per-cent annualized rate in the fourth quarter, consumer spending
continuing at the strongest level in 15 years, strong personal wealth creation,
virtually full employment, and rising wages. Lowering rates in this sort of
environment would normally be like throwing diesel fuel onto a fire.

However, much of the rest of the world does require refueling.

Japan is mired in a deflationary rut. The Pacific Rim is showing only the most
tentative signs of renewed growth, with six out of 11 major economies forecast
to endure economic contraction in 1999. Latin America remains a danger zone.
Until the developing world regains its usual economic growth momentum, commodity
prices can be expected to languish.

The world's economy is far too integrated for the United States to remain aloof
from these pressures. In recent weeks, almost 25 per cent of the companies
comprising the 30 Dow Jones industrial stocks have issued profit warnings for
the final quarter of 1998. Foreign earnings are dwindling. Domestic price
competition is intense in virtually every field, from steel to autos, from
clothing to food.

So, it is reasonable to expect that reflation efforts will continue. We
anticipate that the Fed will lower rates in 1999, with a 4-per-cent target, from
the current 4.75 per cent. It is reasonable to expect that other of the
industrialized world's central bankers will march to the same drummer.

The irony is that only a few months ago, as recently as July, inflationary
concerns were still a major theme for the Fed. Inflation had dominated the
economic agenda since the early 1970s, when the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries first escalated energy prices, rising to a peak in 1980-81,
and a subsequent gradually subsiding, only to finally vanish in the past few
months.

When considered in the context of a 25-year rise and fall of inflation, the
short-term outlook shouldn't distract investors. Sure, the bond rally (which
began in 1981) can continue for a while, if deflation persists. There's
certainly no evidence that a turn is in the immediate offing.

But the change will come. The bottom line, for me, is that it makes good
investment sense to own a security that will benefit from Herculean reflationary
efforts, and to gradually ease out of securities (like long-term bonds) that
stand to lose when the medicine has the desired effect.

Dunnery Best is is a senior vice-president and director of Merrill Lynch Canada
Inc. Merrill Lynch Canada may provide advice or underwriting services to
companies mentioned in this column.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 25, 2000 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Co-op stamps its brand on pork

BYLINE: CAROL LEE DOEDEN For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 503 words


If Southeast Nebraska pork producers realize their dream, Nebraska Farmers
Choice will be the preferred brand someday for locally grown pork products in
area stores.

Meanwhile, the fledgling co-op plans to market hogs so the producers can sell
their animals more easily and profitably.

The dream grew out of hard financial times for livestock farmers.

"In 1999, hog prices were so depressed, I didn't see any way of continuing to
produce hogs as I have in the past," said farmer Russ Snethen, 42, of Humboldt.
"We all have been price takers, instead of price makers."

Snethen and eight other people representing seven area pork producers met last
fall to brainstorming ways to combat low prices and compete with large
corporations.

"As the big corporations become more vertically integrated, there are fewer
chances for the small producer to get the proper bids," said Ken Heidzig, 45, a
rural Auburn farmer.

The result of that meeting was a cooperative of small farms that could market
and produce value-added products.

"We researched every aspect: marketing, feasibility, financial and legal," said
Deb Heidzig, 42, of rural Auburn, head of the steering committee.

Five Rivers Resource Conservation & Development in Tecumseh also contributed,
helping with mailings, grant applications and a weekly meeting place. Five
Rivers' initiative in getting livestock producers out for a program on value
-added products back in July 1999 was what launched the steering committee, Deb
Heidzig said.

Big meat processors want specific physical attributes of the hogs they buy, and
each processor wants different specifications. A smaller farm may have the kind
of animal a processor prefers, but not enough for a full truckload. Either the
processor won't accept a smaller shipment of hogs or the farmer is paid less for
his product, Snethen said.

Nebraska Farmers Choice is contracting with Producers Livestock Marketing
Association to combine loads of hogs from member producers. In effect, the co-op
sells the animals to the processor and still gets a premium.

"By grouping all our hogs together, we are more likely to have and keep
'slaughter space' at the processor," Snethen said.

The processor can count on a truckload or two of the type of hogs it wants,
which will guarantee the producers that their animals will sell.

After the hog marketing is in place, Nebraska Farmers Choice plans to use
creative marketing for its products. The group has connected with a
USDA-certified processor, Den's Country Meats in Table Rock, and will start with
small, boxed cuts. As other area processors become USDA-certified, the
cooperative can work with them.

At an Aug. 2 membership drive meeting, the Nebraska Farmers Choice steering
committee will present the results of its feasibility study, business and
marketing plans, and organization structure. The public is invited to the 7 p.m.
meeting at Five Rivers Resource Conservation & Development office, 140 N. Fourth
St. in Tecumseh. For more information, call Deb or Ken Heidzig at (402)
274-5665.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ken Heidzig (left), Deb Heidzig and Russ Snethen examine the Heidzigs'
500-hog house south of Auburn. color photo of people in hog house, CAROL LEE
DOEDEN/For the Lincoln Journal Star, digital - local news catalog and negative
#0978

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Food in brief: 04/23/2016

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 726 words


April 22--Lions Club pancake feast

EMPIRE -- The Empire Lions Club will host its annual pancake feast on April 24
from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Empire Town Hall. Admission is $7 for adults, $4
for ages 7-12 and free for children under six. Proceeds help support community
programs and scholarships. Call 231-334-3438 for more information.

Watershed fundraiser

TRAVERSE CITY -- Area chefs are serving up a fundraiser April 24 beginning at 5
p.m. at The Parlor to benefit The Watershed Center Grand Traverse Bay. Small
plates, craft cocktails and appetizers will be served and a silent auction and
live entertainment will highlight the event. Admission is $35 excluding drinks.
Call 231-935-1514 ext. 5 for more information and visit mynorthtickets.com to
reserve a seat.

Agricultural grant program

TRAVERSE CITY -- Agricultural producers can learn about the U.S.Department of
Agriculture's Value Added Producer Grant program at a free workshop on April 26
from 1:30-3:30 p.m. at the Michigan Works Center. The program is designed to
help producers enter into value-added activities related to bio-based products.
Call 231-922-3780 for more information.

Monks for Angels

TRAVERSE CITY -- Seven Monks will host the fourth annual Monks for Angels event
on April 26. A quarter of all food revenue earned after 4 p.m. will be donated
to Angel Care Preschool and Child Care scholarships. Live music plays from 6-8
p.m. A donation of $10 is suggested. Call 231-933-3232 or email
angelcarechildcare@yahoo.com for more information.

Spaghetti fundraiser dinner

BELLAIRE -- The Bellaire Senior Center will host a spaghetti fundraiser dinner
on April 27 from 4:30-7 p.m. Admission is $7 for adults, $6 for seniors and
children under 12, or $25 for a family of four. Proceeds will support the local
Nifty Thrifty. Call 231-533-8703 for more information.

Mike Ridley at the Trout Festival

KALKASKA -- The National Trout Festival will kick off its 80th year with a
performance from Mike Ridley on April 27 at 6 p.m. at the Shady Belle, located
in the Civic Center at the Kalkaska County Fairgrounds. Ridley's last release,
featuring the song "Michigan Man," was nominated as the official state song.
Food, a silent auction and the crowning of the king and queen will also
highlight the event. Call 231-357-3080 for more information.

Habitat for Humanity planning

MAPLE CITY -- Habitat for Humanity Grand Traverse is celebrating its 30th
anniversary this year and a planning session is scheduled for April 27 at 6:30
p.m. at the St. Rita's Rectory. Refreshments will be served. Call 231-228-6603
or email john.oneill31@yahoo.com for more information or to volunteer.

Nursing class dinner

TRAVERSE CITY -- The first graduating Northwestern Michigan College nursing
class of 1963 will be honored at a celebration and dinner May 5 at 5 p.m. at
First Congregational Church. New graduates and students are admitted free, and
admission for alumni and friends is $10 each. Proceeds give financial assistance
to those facing graduation hardships. Reserve a seat by April 28 by calling
231-929-9769.

Glen Lake Restaurant Week

GLEN ARBOR -- Glen Lake Restaurant Week kicks off April 29 and continues through
May 7. Participating restaurants will offer a three-course dinner for $25. Some
may offer $15 lunch specials as well. Visit glenlakechamber.com for a complete
business directory and search "Eat Glen Arbor" on Facebook for updates and other
offerings.

Class of 1960 at China Fair

TRAVERSE CITY -- Traverse City Central High School's class of 1960 will host its
next "non-meeting" on April 28 at 6 p.m. at China Fair. Reservations are
appreciated by emailing geneandgail@charter.net, or calling 231-946-5659 or
231-499-2241.

'Children of Eden'

ELK RAPIDS -- The Elk Rapids Schools drama program will present performances of
"Children of Eden" on April 28 and 29 at 7 p.m. and April 30 at 2 and 7 p.m.
Tickets are available at elkrapidsdrama.com or by calling 1-800-838-3006.

'The Danish Girl'

FRANKFORT -- "The Danish Girl" will play April 28 at 7:30 p.m. at the Garden
Theater as a preview for author David Ebsershoff's visit to the City Opera House
next month. Tickets are $7 at the door. Visit frankfortgardentheater.com for
more information.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160422-ZK-Food-in-04-23-2016-0422-20160422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle

                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

China not Arrium's woe: Smorgon boss

BYLINE: DAMON KITNEY, PAUL GARVEY, RESOURCES; ADDITIONAL REPORTING: JOHN DURIE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 552  words


Steel industry doyen Ray Horsburgh says it would be a "sad thing" if the demise
of Arrium were to rob Australia of its only "long products" steel producer that
is critical to the construction industry.

He also dismissed claims cheap Chinese steel imports had played a role in
creating the debt-plagued local firm's problems.

Mr Horsburgh ran the billionaire Smorgon family's steel business, Smorgon Steel,
for 12 years before it was sold to OneSteel, which was later renamed Arrium.

"It would be a sad thing if Australia doesn't have a long products steel
producer, which is the essence of the construction industry," Mr Horsburgh told
The Australian yesterday, noting he "wasn't surprised" by Arrium's fall into
administration.

"Strategically as a country it would be bad. All of our neighbours in the region
have their own steel producers." He said Arrium failed to do any sensitivity
analysis for its upstream iron ore business over the cycle and that it never had
the scale to compete with its bigger rivals.

"They totally misjudged the iron ore cycle. And they could never compete with
the BHPs and Rio Tintos anyway. It is the kindergarten versus the high
schoolers." He said the damage done to Arrium by cheap Chinese steel imports had
been exaggerated.

"Arrium's electric arc furnaces (in Melbourne and Sydney) are still competitive
- they can compete with the imported product. When you add their downstream
businesses, that can compete with landed stuff," Mr Horsburgh said.

His comments came as the administrator Grant Thornton yesterday launched its
forensic investigation into Arrium, having brought in a number of specialists
from its overseas arms to help. In a process that is said to be one of the more
complex and substantial investigations of its kind, Grant Thornton has found
that each of the 94 Arrium entities under administration had different
accounting systems and server locations.

The forensic accountants are expecting to sift through millions of documents
held on file across the sprawling business.

The firm is understood to now have 70 people working on the administration,
including a dozen forensic specialists, aiming to get a handle on the
complexities of Arrium's various accounts within the next few weeks.

The Federal Court last night granted Australian Workers' Union national
secretary Scott McDine the power to represent all members at Arrium creditor
meetings while the steelmaker is under administration.

This gives him the chance to deal with other creditors as the biggest creditor
representative by number, as the AWU now has effective control of 9000 votes at
any meeting, along with the banks, which hold sway on the value side of the
equation.

Creditor meetings are settled by number and value, with any resolution requiring
both to pass.

At the first creditors meeting on April 19, anyone opposing Grant Thornton can
propose a motion to seek its removal and replacement with a new administrator.

Arrium's disgruntled lenders had been pushing for the appointment of rival firm
McGrathNicol as administrators, but Grant Thornton's international reach and
depth of resources is believed to have appealed to the Arrium board.

While the banks had wanted McGrathNichol, the AWU has declined to comment on who
it would vote for.Arrium went into voluntary administration last Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Central & North Burnett Times (Queensland)

                                February 3, 2011

Keep grant money in the North Burnett

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 247  words


During his visit to Mundubbera recently Minister for Primary Industries,
Fisheries Tim Mulherin met with representatives of the area's primary industries
to hear about difficulties after flooding.

"The state's primary producers have been hit hard by flooding and we want to
ensure people are aware of the different types of assistance available to them
during the recovery process," Mr Mulherin said.

"The recovery won't be a sprint; it'll be a marathon."

The Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation (DEEDI) will
help council put a dollar value on damages.

Tim Mulherin spoke with grape and mango producer Chris Allan, Peter Marshall who
manages a citrus farm, beef producer Terry Cleary, Malcolm Ansell of Burnett
Pork Alliance, grain growers Russell and Dieta Salisbury and rural financial
counsellor Tony Kassulke.

All agreed they were reluctant to take out new loans but urged interest rates on
existing loans be lowered and interest subsidies are needed to allow recovery to
progress.

Mr Mulherin outlined available grants and encouraged recipients to spend their
grant money in the region.

He also pointed out the long term benefits of the floods.

"We need to look forward and make plans to take advantage of improved soil
moisture and full water storage which gives some optimism for future pastures
and crops," he said.

To find out more about grants and loans available contact QRAA on 1800623946 or
www.qraa.qld.gov.au,

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KCN


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Sauk Centre Herald (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 12, 2013

New round of value added grants available to ag producers, processors

BYLINE: Sauk Centre Herald staff

LENGTH: 414  words


St. Paul - Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has another round of
funding available for projects that will help farmers, producers and processors
add value to their operations. A total of $2 million in funding was made
available through the Agricultural Growth, Research and Innovation Program
(AGRI), established by the legislature to advance Minnesota's agricultural and
renewable energy industries.

MDA will distribute the funds through its AGRI Value Added Grant Program which
aims to increase sales of Minnesota agricultural products by diversifying
markets and by increasing market access and food safety.

Specifically, these grants are intended to: initiate or expand livestock product
processing; create feasibility, business, marketing and succession plans for
existing and new businesses; purchase equipment to initiate, upgrade, or
modernize value added businesses; increase on-farm food safety, such as
implementation of a food safety plan; and increase farmers' processing and
aggregating capacity to enter farm-to-school and other markets.

Proposals that have a meat processing, farm-to-school (or other institution)
component, or are addressing Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) or similar type
of food safety plan will receive priority, but applicants with other value added
proposals are encouraged to apply. Small to medium sized operations will also
receive special consideration. Proposals that include business planning,
feasibility studies, marketing planning and succession planning are eligible for
50 percent of the total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $30,000.

Equipment purchases or physical improvements are eligible for 25 percent of the
total project cost up to a maximum grant award of $150,000 with a completed
business plan or food safety plan. A business or food safety plan must outline
what equipment and improvements are necessary to fulfill the plan.

This round of applications must be received no later than 4:00 p.m., Monday,
October 21, 2013 and there are plans for another round of grant funding in early
2014. Proposals may be delivered by mail, in person, or by email. If a proposal
is emailed, the time and date it is received by the program administrator will
be considered the received-by date. Applications are available at
www.mda.state.mn.us/valueadded.aspx <http://www.mda.state.mn.us/valueadded.
aspx> For more information, contact Emily Murphy, MDA grants administrator, at
651-201-6648 or emily.murphy(r) state.mn.us.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAU

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Sauk Centre Herald

                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           February 18, 2006 Saturday

Success is sweet for Highland honey producer

BYLINE:  Joe Watson

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 330 words


One of Scotland's biggest beekeepers is set to expand his operations.

Hamish Robertson, of the Struan Apiaries at Conon Bridge, has been awarded just
over £21,000 to increase production and improve efficiency at the business he
started 32 years ago.

Mr Robertson said the cash from the Scottish  Executive's agriculture processing
and marketing grant scheme  would help meet 35% of the cost of installing new
labelling and capping machines at the firm's base in Burnside Lane.

He added: "It will allow us to do more and cut the (production) bottlenecks that
we have at some points of the year. It will also allow us to produce more
efficiently."

Mr Robertson, 71, started keeping bees as a 14-year-old. The operation has grown
considerably over the years, but a big expansion came 17 years ago when he was
made redundant from Hydro-Electric and he turned his hobby into a full-time
business.

Today, Struan has at the height of summer more than 700 hives producing honey.
The business also makes chutneys, mustards, marmalade, curds, fruit liqueurs,
sauces, jellies and jams.

Mr Robertson said: "We're a family businesses. My eldest son, Martin, and
youngest son, Nigel, and their wives, Jennifer and Karen, and my wife, Joan, are
all involved. We have built the business up and up. Like Topsy it just keeps
growing."

The executive's agriculture processing  and marketing grant schemes are open to
a wide range of applicants including individuals, partnerships, groups of
producers and private or public companies that process Scottish agricultural
produce.

An executive spokeswoman said: "These grant schemes encourage Scotland's primary
producers and food processors to develop further innovative products, add value,
co-operate to exploit new markets and shorten the food supply chain by linking
producers with processors.

"Since their launch in 2001, the processing and marketing grant schemes have
awarded £28million in assistance.  The current schemes are due to close at the
end of 2006."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Aberdeen Press and Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Bush Telegraph (Queensland)

                                August 18, 2015

Grants grow basin industry projects

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 111  words


GRANTS of $400,000 have been provided to agribusinesses in the Murray-Darling
Basin to support new horticulture projects.

Department of Agriculture and Fisheries senior industry development officer
Justin Heaven said under the three year Murray-Darling Basin Regional Economic
Development program, $1.2million in competitive grants was available to growers
to establish new horticulture value chains.

Applications are open from August 17 to October 19.

To apply visit www.daf.qld.gov.au.

Producers are also invited to attend information sessions that will provide
information on what is offered through the grants program and how producers can
apply.

RSVP by calling 132523.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBT


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 16, 2001 Sunday

FARM ILLINOIS

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 598 words


* From the field

John Herath, spokesman for the state Agriculture Department: "Applications for
Illinois' first-ever economic development grant program for agriculture,
AgriFirst, are now being accepted. It's a $3 million program designed to provide
grants and technical assistance for value-added agriculture projects within the
state. The program allows farmer-owned co-ops, producer-owned processing
facilities and other ventures to receive grants for funding feasibility studies,
developing marketing and business plans or providing technical assistance for
value added ventures

"It's safe to say we know a lot of farmers will take advantage of this. Even
before the announcement, 40 some projects said, 'Hey, this is what we're doing.
We'd be interested in whatever comes along to help value-added projects.'
There's never been this kind of economic development tool for Illinois
agriculture. Last year, the General Assembly funded two projects - Adkins Energy
Ethanol Plant, and the American Premium Foods Processing Plant.

"We're expecting there to be quite a number of applications, but that shouldn't
dissuade anyone from applying. We're looking this year at funding research,
feasibility and marketing projects to get the ball rolling. Legislation does
allow, if we get funding next year, for bricks and mortar grants then.

"I've been here nearly four years. Nothing has generated this kind of excitement
in agriculture. Lots of people worked really hard to get this money, all of the
ag groups, across the board, came forward and let legislators know this is
important.

"It'll make a very big difference in agriculture. This, in and of itself, is not
going to turn around the farm economy, but anything we can do that can increase
demand for crops and livestock and increase value definitely helps producers."

Note: Application deadline for the initial round of funding is Nov. 16. For
applications or information, call (866) 452-4741 or go to www.agr.state.il.us.

* Farming the Web

The world's largest variety trials are conducted by University of Illinois
Extension agronomists at a dozen sites around Illinois. Some 400 corn hybrids
and 700 soybean varieties soon will be harvested and results posted on the
Internet at www.cropsci.uiuc.edu/vt. The tests are broken down by region and
include most popular varieties.

* Coming up

* Chevron Lubricants and Texas A&M University is looking for seven farmers to
attend a weeklong business educational program, Jan. 13-19, 2002, in Austin,
Texas. Deadline for application submission is Oct. 31. Applications are
available at ww.chevron.com. Info: (925) 842-5849.

* National Pork Lending Conference, Oct. 9-10, Indianapolis and Oct. 16-17, Des
Moines, Iowa. Info: ww.porkboard.org or (800) 456-7675.

* 2001 Farm Income Tax School, Nov. 6-7 in Jacksonville and Nov. 13-14 in
Springfield. Sponsored by the University of Illinois Extension Service. To
register, call the Tax School office at 333-1829 or www.ace.uiuc.edu/TaxSchool.

* The last word

A farmer in Successful Farming's Machinery Talk suggests that farmers fly a flag
on their combines as they harvest, as a way of showing support for American
efforts to cope with last week's tragedy and terrorism.

"Since we are cutting beans, I would like to give some support at least," he
writes on the Internet site.

We think it's a great idea.


Send submissions for Farm Illinois to Charlyn Fargo at The State
Journal-Register, P.O. Box 219, Springfield, IL 62705; e-mail to
charlyn.fargo@sj-r.com; fax to 788-1551; or call 788-1521.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FARMLAND WATCH SEPARATE DUE TO NFDW

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register

                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

Grant recipients must be accountable

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 380  words


HAVING spent a lifetime in a government-funded organisation I am well aware of
the need for accountability.

The public purse is not a bottomless pit and it deserves to be treated with
respect.

Having said that the Queensland Reconstruction Authority acknowledges that there
are concerns about differing grant, loan and wage assistance provisions
operating at this time as compared to immediately after Cyclone Larry.

In 2007, grants for primary producers and small businesses changed from
non-NDRRA Centrelink administration to NDRRA grants.

The new NDRRA arrangements require a higher proportion of the public funds
provided for relief payments to be supported by evidence of expenditure, as
opposed to what happened in 2006 after Cyclone Larry.

In short, following Cyclone Yasi, there is increased rigour in accessing
assistance packages.

Grants of up to $25,000 and concessional or exceptional loans from $250,000 to
$650,000 are on offer.

It might be frustrating but it's fair that there be increased rigour - it is,
after all, taxpayer's money.

Through everyone's reconstruction actions; be they NDRRA grants to producers,
reconstruction funds to councils or the distribution of donated goods, we must -
and we will - be upholding fairness and value for money requirements.

As an aside the authority has now despatched $406 million in advance funding to
51 councils.

This was done by April 8.

Our original plan was to have this done by June 30, but we pushed hard to get
this money out the door quickly so it could begin circulating through local
economies.

A final issue of concern for me recently has been the performance by some
insurance companies.

The rumours and innuendo of poor service have been boiling over.

However it is difficult for me to represent community needs if I am armed with
only anecdotal evidence.

Please let me know the facts of your situation if you believe that your
insurance company has failed you.

Particularly, I'm keen to know of companies that have taken an unreasonable
amount of time between conducting an assessment and providing a determination of
a claim.

One senior industry representative advised me that home insurance claims not
involving flood damage should be determined within two weeks of the assessment
being completed.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Implement silvopastoral systems in the upper part of the river basin Jesús
María, to improve the sustainability of livestock farms

LENGTH: 430  words


Area Of Work: Land Degradation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00


Status: Currently under execution


Project Description: The initiative will be in three communities in the Upper
Rio Jesus Maria: Llano Brenes, Jesus River and Quebrada Honda for a total of 30
producers. The methodology for the selection of project participants, was taken
as the basis of diagnosis and knowledge-San Mateo ASA has over 20 years of work
in the region. With the implementation of this initiative we expect that
producers are participating in training courses and exchanges of experience in
technical and silvopastoral practices on their farms of theory and practice, the
producers of the three communities apply silvopastoral practices generating this
way impacts environment on their farms, and in the basin as a whole. Moreover,
these practices are systematized in the form of documents (field manuals) that
can be used by other producers in the basin. The project implementation is
expected in one year and three months, starting in July of 2014, the value of
the initiative is estimated $ 100,000, requesting a contribution of $ 50,000.00
PPD
Grantee: Centro Agrícola Cantonal de San Mateo


Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental


and sustainable development challenges.

SGP provides grants to civil society organizations (CSOs), notably national and
local non-
governmental organizations (NGOs), community-based organizations (CBOs), and
indigenous peoples organizations. SGP grantees


may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as professional
associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers


communities to act and participate in their own development and hence ensures
community ownership and impact. Over the course of


the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over 12,000 grantees with 64
percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,


and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through


direct grants to CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project completion date : 2015-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Apartado Postal 4540-1000
San Jose, LAC


Country :Costa Rica
Email : eduardo.mata@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 19, 1983 Monday

Rising metal prices aid mining

BYLINE: LAWRENCE WELSH; GAM

LENGTH: 878 words


By  LAWRENCE WELSH
   Rising metal prices are breathing life back into the battered Quebec
 mining industry, which was hit particularly hard by the economic recession
 in 1982.

The value of mineral production fell 17.1 per cent to $2-billion last
 year from $2.4-billion in 1981. Mine shutdowns, production cutbacks and
 layoffs were the order of the day as demand and prices declined, pushing
 the unemployment rate among Quebec miners to about 40 per cent.

Iron ore production was particularly affected as demand from the
 depressed U.S. and European steel industries all but evaporated.

Iron Ore Co. of Canada, Montreal, has closed some operations and cut
 back others. The closing of its large Knob Lake division at Schefferville
 put almost 300 miners out of work, while another 500 at Sept-Iles also
 lost their jobs. As a result of these and other shutdowns, unemployment in
 the iron ore industry has risen to about 3,500 workers.

Iron ore demand continues to fall this year. For the first seven
 months, output fell to 5.3 million metric tons, down from 8.6 million a
 year earlier. Production value was down 25.6 per cent to $446-million last
 year; output slipped 32 per cent to 12.1 million metric tons.

Iron Ore Co., after reporting a loss of $3.5-million in the first half,
 compared with a profit of $22.7-million a year earlier, said it would not
 make any financial forecasts for the rest of the year.

Uncertainty has become the industry watchword. Although demand for
 consumer durables has risen, capital spending on plant and equipment has
 remained depressed, and steel producer and user inventories are still low.
 At the end of April, steel user inventories were about 35 per cent below
 those of 1982.

Asbestos is another major mineral in Quebec encountering difficulty.
 Asbestos values slipped by 22.6 per cent to $325-million last year.
 Copper, beset by static demand, was off 11.1 per cent in value to $177-
 million.

Gold, alone among the untarnished, had a 13.1 per cent rise in value to
 $347-million. Quebec ranked first among Canadian provinces in gold
 production last year.

Quebec gold mines are expecting this to be an even better year. Most
 producers have reported good profit gains for the first half, reflecting a
 combination of improved prices, increased production and greater operating
 efficiency.

Gold producers have been the initial recipients of a Quebec government
 program to stimulate new mine projects.

Under the plan, which the Government hopes will generate up to $2-
 billion in private investment in the next four years, mining companies
 receive grants or loans to buy equipment and start development of mineral
 resources.

The rationale is that companies that are financially strapped because
 of the recession need help to get new mines started.

The first three grants under the program were: $4-million to Kiena Gold
 Mines Ltd. of Toronto for construction of a $20-million concentrator near
 Val d'Or; $5-million to Corp. Falconbridge Copper of Toronto for its Lac
 Shorrt
  mining project; and $3-million to Exploration Aiguebelle Inc. of Rouyn,
 Que., for construction of a $15-million concentrator at its Destor mine.

Asbestos, of which Quebec is the biggest producer in North America, has
 been eroded not only by the recession but also by adverse publicity and
 regulations limiting its use. The result has been numerous shutdowns and
 thousands of workers laid off, mainly in the Eastern Townships.

This situation is not expected to improve soon, as inventories remain
 high and demand is weak. For the seven months ended July 31, asbestos
 production was a low 392,000 metric tons, compared with 401,000 tons last
 year.

Among producers, the future ownership of the Jeffrey mine, the largest
 asbestos mine in the world, remains in doubt. Manville Corp. of Denver
 wants to sell the huge open-pit operation, near Asbestos, to an investor
 group headed by Montreal accountant Peter Kyle, the mine's former outside
 auditor.

Manville is seeking support from its bankruptcy creditors in the United
 States for the transaction. (The company is reorganizing under U.S.
 bankruptcy law, a move brought on by the huge costs of defending itself
 against numerous lawsuits linked to complaints of asbestos-related health
 problems.)
    Manville says the sale to the Kyle group is almost complete. But
 another bidder, Transpacific Asbestos Inc. of Toronto, said its rival
 offer is still being considered by the creditors.

Transpacific, which operates asbestos mines in Newfoundland and
 Australia, says its wet-process technology largely eliminates the hazards
 of asbestos handling.

The transaction must also be approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
 the Southern District of New York.

Copper production is also limping and no major gains are expected this
 year, although prices are higher than in 1982. Recent inventory statistics
 indicate that a protracted period of static prices is likely, the result
 of an increase in supply that so far has outweighed the improvement in
 demand.

For the first seven months of 1983, Quebec copper output was 15.1
 million pounds, about half the 27.8 million pounds produced in 1982. The
 decline mainly reflects the mine closings at the Gaspe Copper division of
 Noranda Mines Ltd. of Toronto and at the Lake Dufault operation of
 Falconbridge Copper.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                              Australian2 Edition

'Virtual winemakers' to lose rorts

BYLINE: SARAH MARTIN, EXCLUSIVE

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 564  words


A $1 billion subsidy for the wine industry will be slashed in Tuesday's budget,
in a move aimed at ending rorting by "virtual winemakers" and boosting returns
for farmers.

The changes are expected to benefit genuine winemakers, includin-g small
producers, but will curb the prevalence of wine that is often cheaper to buy
than bottled water, known as "two-buck chuck" and sold aggressively by major
liquo-r retailers.

After a two-year campaign by the wine industry to wind back the wine
equalisation tax rebate - which costs taxpayers about $300 million a year, or
$1.2bn over the forward estimates - the government has agreed to overhaul the
subsidy blamed with contributing to a glut of cheap bulk wine.

The WET, which is a tax of 29 per cent of the wholesale value of wine, was
introduced in 2000 along with the GST to replace the 41 per cent wholesale sales
tax that applied to wine previously.

A tightening of eligibility crit-eria for the tax credit, now worth up to
$500,000 per claimant, will be coupled with a reduc-tion in the amount available
to producers to about $300,000, and a new grant scheme to support promotion of
Australian wine overseas.

The Australian can also reveal there will be a crackdown on companies making
multiple claims and new, stricter, definitions for what qualifies as a winery or
a producer.

The changes aim to end the complex business arrangements often used by large
wine distributors and wholesalers to buy subsid-ised wine from grape growers,
allowing companies such as Coles and Woolworths to sell wine below cost.

A push to prevent New Zealand producers using the scheme has been rejected, but
they will face the tightened criteria. It is understood that, to remove New
Zealand from the rebate scheme, the government would have had to abolish it
entirely and put in place a pure grant program.

The Coalition also rejected an option to adopt a volumetric tax on wine, a move
recommended in the 2009 Henry tax review and supported by health groups and some
in the alcohol industry.

Assistant Treasurer Kelly O'Dwyer told The Australian changes would be made in
the budget.

"The industry has called for -reform of the WET rebate as there is concern (it)
has moved beyond the original intent and is being gamed by some," she said.

A review into the rebate last year found that it was distorting the industry and
was widely exploite-d by wholesalers, distributors and "virtual winemakers".

The budget will restore the original intent of the rebate to benefit small wine
producers in rural Australia and boost regional tourism. It is expected to be
welcomed by the Winemakers Federation of Australia and Wine Grape Growers
Australia, who have been lobbying to scale back the rebate to restore
"integrity" into the sector.

The groups lodged a joint budget submission saying the rebate had delayed a
readjustment needed in the industry and allowed uncommercia-l grapes to be
turned into bulk wine and sold as cheap cleanskins and home brands.

The WFA and WGGA submission said the exploitation of the rebate for bulk and
unbranded wine was "impoverishing winegrape growers" and diminishing the ability
of winemakers to add value to their brands.Between 2007 and 2012, claims for the
WET rebate jumped 21 per cent, to about 2000, despite domestic sales declining
in value and production remaining flat. The number of wineries grew from 2299 in
2008 to 2481 last year.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 20, 2001 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Shares up as Normandy battle unfolds

BYLINE: Bruce Hextall

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 464 words


Normandy Mining's shares closed at a year high of $1.56 yesterday after an
independent report valued shares in Australia's largest gold miner at up to
$1.88 and called AngloGold's bid unreasonable.

The report by Grant Samuel and Associates said the bid by South Africa's
AngloGold of 2.15 of its shares for every 100 Normandy shares was neither fair
nor reasonable.

Normandy's board, which has already conditionally accepted a bid from US group
Newmont Mining, used the valuation to advise shareholders not to accept
AngloGold's offer.

This was although the offer valued Normandy at $1.42 a share compared with its
$1.10 trading price the day before AngloGold announced its offer on September 4.

Last week, Newmont launched a counter-offer, also offering scrip plus 5Â¢ a
share conditional on 90 per cent acceptance. This valued Normandy at $1.70 a
share within the Grant Samuel range of $1.47 to $1.88. Newmont and AngloGold are
chasing Normandy, aiming to become the world's largest and most profitable gold
producer.

The Grant Samuel valuation was part of Normandy's formal response to AngloGold's
takeover bid.

"The strategic value of Normandy to both AngloGold and other global gold
producers is significant," the report said. "This value is not recognised by
AngloGold's inadequate offer."

AngloGold replied quickly, suggesting that Normandy's response to its offer was
misleading, particularly as the Normandy board had said the Newmont
counter-offer was worth $1.70 a share. It said a fall in Newmont's share price
since its merger plan was announced last week had closed the gap between the
rival offers.

"The value difference between AngloGold's offer and Newmont's offer is
marginal," AngloGold said.

Based on Friday's closing prices in New York, both bids valued Normandy at $1.46
a share, but Newmont is offering a further 5Â¢-a-share cash should it gain 90
per cent.

Newmont believes it has already locked in a 19.9 per cent stake as a result of a
deal with Toronto-based Franco-Nevada, Normandy's largest shareholder.

It has also been given the upper hand by break fees of $38 million payable by
Normandy to Newmont should it back away from the deal, and up to $US100 million
payable by Franco-Nevada.

Normandy has rejected claims that Newmont had the inside running by being
allowed to carry out due diligence while denying AngloGold the same opportunity.

Normandy's company secretary, Ms Pauline Carr, said the AngloGold bid came when
the conduct of due diligence would have caused speculation and been disruptive
to Normandy's normal business.

AngloGold is considering sweetening its offer and also legal action,
particularly over the break fees.

KEY POINTS

* Normandy Mining's shares closed at a year high of $1.56 yesterday.

* An independent report called AngloGold's bid unreasonable.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

No need to wait for flea markets

BYLINE: Clinton Thomas, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


June 01--Residents of Northeast Kansas and the surrounding area have marked
Labor Day weekend as the time to find flea market deals in the small towns of
Sparks and White Cloud.

There's no need for bargain hunters to wait.

The Hiawatha World reported that the SLK Pickers' Paradise indoor flea market
will be held from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday at the Troy Community
Building, 1225 Last Chance Road in Troy, Kan.

Organizers expect to host 30 vendors plus concessions both days of the event.

SLK stands for "Seekers of Light and Knowledge," a women's literary and service
organization. Proceeds from the event will benefit the SLK Scholarship Fund.

For more information, contact Mary Winder at (785) 985-2519 or Frankie Barnes at
(785) 985-2751.USDA offers $30 million to ag producers

Janie Dunning, Missouri director of USDA Rural Development, announced Friday
that the USDA is making $30 million available to farmers, ranchers and other
food entrepreneurs to develop new product lines.

The funds will be available through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program
(VAPG).

VAPG grants can develop new product lines from raw agricultural products of
additional uses for product lines that have already been developed. Special
priority goes to applicants who are either military veterans, socially
disadvantaged, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of small- and
medium-sized family farms, cooperatives, and applicants that propose mid-tier
value chain products.

Since 2009, the USDA has awarded 853 grants through the program, totaling $104.5
million.

For information on the program, call (573) 876-9321 or e-mail
nathan.tutt@mo.usda.gov Paper applications must be filed by July 7, while
electronic applications may be filed through grants.gov until July 2.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150601-JM-No-need-to-wait-for-flea-markets-0601-20150601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press

                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                  June 5, 1993

Nationwide marketing group launched by Angus breeders

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


ABERDEEN-Angus producers who are seeing increased demand for their quality
certified beef, particularly from English housewives, are set to underline their
success and commitment to the marketplace with the formation of a new nationwide
producer marketing group.

An application to the Department of Agriculture for funding from the group
marketing grant scheme has been successful, and Aberdeen-Angus Producers
Scotland Limited are now looking for a manager to build up membership and
develop markets.

The North-east producer group has led the recent revival, and now has an
established and growing outlet with Waitrose. Other chains are also expressing
interest, and chairman John Jamieson, Nether Baulk, Stonehaven, said this week
that the first target would be to increase membership and gain access to more
supplies of Angus cattle.

There is currently an active membership of 178, and the aim is to reach 350 as
soon as possible.

"The Waitrose interest in Angus beef has revitalised us all, and they alone are
looking, in two years time, to increase their order to 300 cattle a week from
the current level of around 60 to 70," said Mr Jamieson.

"We know we have a big problem ahead persuading farmers to change back to the
Angus bull, but we are convinced that there is a future there, and an
opportunity to gain acceptable returns."

A feasibility study by Bob Yuill, of the Scottish Agricultural Organisation
Society, helped get the initiative off the ground, and he described the
successful grant application as the first step in a very exciting project.

Aberdeen-Angus Producers Scotland had had to compete with others for the funding
available -- intended to encourage the formation and development of commercially
managed marketing groups -- and had to prove that they intended to be
significant in the marketplace, adding value to the product.

The grant money will help to fund start-up and management costs, and it is hoped
that a manager will be in place in July.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1993 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.

                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The McDowell News (Marion, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 26, 2008 Tuesday

Poultry in motion: Processing facilty will help small farmers

BYLINE: Mike Conley, The McDowell News, Marion, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 551 words


Feb. 26--With help from a $200,000 state grant, McDowell County could soon have
a small facility that would process poultry and rabbit meat grown by independent
farmers from the western North Carolina region.

The N.C. Rural Economic Development Center recently awarded the county a
$200,000 grant to help it "develop a state and federally inspected regional
slaughtering and processing facility to serve independent small meat producers."
When it is built, the processing plant is expected to boost the production by
small meat growers in the region.

County Manager Chuck Abernathy said the plant would be located along N.C. 226
South near the Ag Barn. It will stand on a site that has been used as a firing
range.

He added it wouldn't be a big, corporate hog farm or chicken farm that results
in pollution or bad odors.

"People would bring their small animals and they would add value to their
income," said Abernathy.

A part-time employee would oversee the operation and that person would be paid
with grant money. The N.C. Cooperative Extension would also play a big part in
the plant.

Extension Director Dan Smith said small, independent poultry and rabbit meat
producers would use the facility.

"We have some small rabbit producers," said Smith. "It's something that is one
of those older commodities and there's starting to be a renewed interest."

It could be in operation by 2009.

"It's not something that is going to create a lot of jobs," said Smith. "It's
something that we hope will encourage the creation of locally raised poultry,
not just for McDowell but the western North Carolina area. There's really
nowhere for these producers to go."

Smithson Mills is the director of the Center for Assessment and Research
Alliances at Mars Hill College. He is the project developer for the plant and
has previously worked for the N.C. Department of Agriculture.

"I became aware that there are a lot of small producers in western North
Carolina who produce rabbit and poultry for meat sales," he said. "These
independent farmers have no access to a state-inspected meat processing plant."

He added it could handle organic, free-range chickens.

"This is a very small pilot plant," said Mills. "We are not talking about
anything remotely similar to a vertically integrated processing plant such as
large corporations like Tyson or Purdue."

Mills added he's aware that some people would object to having the plant near
their homes.

"I think it is based on a misunderstanding of what we are trying to do," he
said.

The processing plant would cover approximately 2,000 square feet and have a
daily capacity of less than 1,000 animals. On the other hand, a large
corporately owned facility would have a capacity of 160,000 animals per day and
that is the kind of plant most people think of.

"That is what is freaking people out," said Mills. "We want this facility to be
a training and educational facility."

To see more of The McDowell News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mcdowellnews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The McDowell News, Marion, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080226-MQ-Poultry-in-motion-Processing-facilty-will-help-small-farmers-0226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MQ


                                 Copyright 2008

                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                October 1, 2002

Cost cuts can make UK pork best buy in Europe;
 A message of hope for Britain's pig producers has been issued by the British
Pig Executive, despite the fact that recent costings revealed Britain to be one
of the most expensive pork-producing nations in Europe.

BYLINE: Giselle Jones reports

SECTION: Business :Farm/Food :Pigs, Pg.6

LENGTH: 909 words


BRITAIN is the most expensive pork-producing nation in Europe, according to
research out this week that puts production costs here at 16p per kilogram
higher than all other countries, except Sweden.

But the industry is not all washed up, according to Meat and Livestock
Commission pig body BPEX, and if our producers can slash costs by 10 per cent,
we could become the most cost-efficient in the EU.

On top of that, BPEX said continental pig producers' costs will actually rise by
4p to 7p a kilogram by 2005 because of increased welfare costs imposed through
EC legislation, stricter controls on feed and antibiotics use, and member state
government's curbs on pig populations.

Although only looking at figures from 2000, the BPEX (British Pig Executive)
study claims its figures would still hold true today, despite distortions
created by foot-and-mouth disease.

It added that the poor exchange rate on sterling was mostly to blame for our
producers' high costs and that, if all the countries were operating on a level
playing field, Britain would actually have much lower costs than its main
competitors of Holland, France, Denmark and Ireland, which collectively account
for 90 per cent of our imported pork.

"There is actually little between us and our main competitors, but for the
exchange rate, and we would gain 70 to 80 per cent of any change in the value of
sterling, " Mr Knowles said.

He added that opportunities were there for the British pig producer. "If we
could make a 10 per cent improvement on daily liveweight gain, pig numbers and
slaughter weights we could cut these costs by 12p a kilogram, " he said. "We
also expect EU countries to face further constraints that will increase their
production costs and reduce their pig numbers.

"We could close the gap by 19p a kilogram, which would make us very
competitive."

He added that even the low-cost producers of Eastern Europe - all of which are
poised to join the EU in the next few years - would not pose any real
competitive threat as they fall short on quality compared to British products.

Also, once within the European Union, the costs of implementing welfare and
environmental legislation would raise their costs and make their pork more
pricey than ours.

"Eastern Europe could actually become an export opportunity for us rather than a
threat to our home industry because the quality of their product is so low, " he
said.

But cutting these costs may be easier said than done and certainly Britian's
hard-pushed pig producers will feel they have already cut costs to the bone.

With a 540,000-sow industry, slaughter rates are around 200,000 a week compared
to 300,000 just four years ago. But BPEX said investment into new methods of
production would be central to cutting the bills for farmers and pointed to new
grants of up to 50,000 that have just become available.

Mr Knowles said BPEX's "road to recovery" strategy for the industry - published
earlier this year - highlight many ways to axe costs, including
computer-controlled wet feeding systems to improve daily liveweight gain and,
more immediately, a batch farming system that cuts disease rates.

A 10 per cent increase in carcass weight would also increase efficiency, taking
it from around 72 to 79kg, but still making it light enough to be acceptable to
meat processors.

Also, improved genetics would allow the industry to increase the number of pigs
per sow.

"There is no shortage of ideas, but it requires investment and the only way to
do that is to reduce risk, " he said, pointing to the emergence of "stabilised"
contracts within the industry that spread the risk further down the food chain -
a concept supported by the National Pig Association and Farming Minister, Lord
Whitty.

But he warned that it was no good just the abattoirs taking on the risk, and
urged supermarkets to play their part in securing a brighter future for
Britain's pig farmers by taking on some of the risk in their contractual
arrangements with processors.

He also urged producers to look at greater levels of co-operation with each
other to gain economies of scale. "Producers need to get together and produce
one breed line that the customer wants wherever possible, and harmonise
production methods, " he said. "We are not looking at a Stalinist approach that
would compromise local sourcing initiatives, but more a focus on traditional
breeds with popular appeal."


GRANTS of up to 50,000 are available to pig farmers to develop greater co
-operation along the supply chain.

The grants will come from a half-a-million pound fund of promotion money
earmarked by BPEX.

Forming a part of the BPEX "road to recovery" strategy, the aim is for pig
farmers to be connected directly to the point of sale and to see direct benefits
from it.

The project must include identified producers who are making at least three
years' commitment to the project, and include at least one retailer or food
service company partner making a similar long term commitment. All partners must
match-fund the money put forward by BPEX and the project must demonstrate
additional value going back to producers.

Projects that can apply for these grants may vary in size from small groups of
producers co-operating in the marketing and selling of pig meat on a local
scale, through to major national projects.

To find out more, contact Chris Lukehurst on 01908 844112.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2002 Bristol United Press

                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                October 1, 2002

Cost cuts can make UK pork best buy in Europe;
 A message of hope for Britain's pig producers has been issued by the British
Pig Executive, despite the fact that recent costings revealed Britain to be one
of the most expensive pork-producing nations in Europe.

BYLINE: Giselle Jones reports

SECTION: Business :Farm/Food :Pigs, Pg.6

LENGTH: 909 words


BRITAIN is the most expensive pork-producing nation in Europe, according to
research out this week that puts production costs here at 16p per kilogram
higher than all other countries, except Sweden.

But the industry is not all washed up, according to Meat and Livestock
Commission pig body BPEX, and if our producers can slash costs by 10 per cent,
we could become the most cost-efficient in the EU.

On top of that, BPEX said continental pig producers' costs will actually rise by
4p to 7p a kilogram by 2005 because of increased welfare costs imposed through
EC legislation, stricter controls on feed and antibiotics use, and member state
government's curbs on pig populations.

Although only looking at figures from 2000, the BPEX (British Pig Executive)
study claims its figures would still hold true today, despite distortions
created by foot-and-mouth disease.

It added that the poor exchange rate on sterling was mostly to blame for our
producers' high costs and that, if all the countries were operating on a level
playing field, Britain would actually have much lower costs than its main
competitors of Holland, France, Denmark and Ireland, which collectively account
for 90 per cent of our imported pork.

"There is actually little between us and our main competitors, but for the
exchange rate, and we would gain 70 to 80 per cent of any change in the value of
sterling, " Mr Knowles said.

He added that opportunities were there for the British pig producer. "If we
could make a 10 per cent improvement on daily liveweight gain, pig numbers and
slaughter weights we could cut these costs by 12p a kilogram, " he said. "We
also expect EU countries to face further constraints that will increase their
production costs and reduce their pig numbers.

"We could close the gap by 19p a kilogram, which would make us very
competitive."

He added that even the low-cost producers of Eastern Europe - all of which are
poised to join the EU in the next few years - would not pose any real
competitive threat as they fall short on quality compared to British products.

Also, once within the European Union, the costs of implementing welfare and
environmental legislation would raise their costs and make their pork more
pricey than ours.

"Eastern Europe could actually become an export opportunity for us rather than a
threat to our home industry because the quality of their product is so low, " he
said.

But cutting these costs may be easier said than done and certainly Britian's
hard-pushed pig producers will feel they have already cut costs to the bone.

With a 540,000-sow industry, slaughter rates are around 200,000 a week compared
to 300,000 just four years ago. But BPEX said investment into new methods of
production would be central to cutting the bills for farmers and pointed to new
grants of up to 50,000 that have just become available.

Mr Knowles said BPEX's "road to recovery" strategy for the industry - published
earlier this year - highlight many ways to axe costs, including
computer-controlled wet feeding systems to improve daily liveweight gain and,
more immediately, a batch farming system that cuts disease rates.

A 10 per cent increase in carcass weight would also increase efficiency, taking
it from around 72 to 79kg, but still making it light enough to be acceptable to
meat processors.

Also, improved genetics would allow the industry to increase the number of pigs
per sow.

"There is no shortage of ideas, but it requires investment and the only way to
do that is to reduce risk, " he said, pointing to the emergence of "stabilised"
contracts within the industry that spread the risk further down the food chain -
a concept supported by the National Pig Association and Farming Minister, Lord
Whitty.

But he warned that it was no good just the abattoirs taking on the risk, and
urged supermarkets to play their part in securing a brighter future for
Britain's pig farmers by taking on some of the risk in their contractual
arrangements with processors.

He also urged producers to look at greater levels of co-operation with each
other to gain economies of scale. "Producers need to get together and produce
one breed line that the customer wants wherever possible, and harmonise
production methods, " he said. "We are not looking at a Stalinist approach that
would compromise local sourcing initiatives, but more a focus on traditional
breeds with popular appeal."


GRANTS of up to 50,000 are available to pig farmers to develop greater co
-operation along the supply chain.

The grants will come from a half-a-million pound fund of promotion money
earmarked by BPEX.

Forming a part of the BPEX "road to recovery" strategy, the aim is for pig
farmers to be connected directly to the point of sale and to see direct benefits
from it.

The project must include identified producers who are making at least three
years' commitment to the project, and include at least one retailer or food
service company partner making a similar long term commitment. All partners must
match-fund the money put forward by BPEX and the project must demonstrate
additional value going back to producers.

Projects that can apply for these grants may vary in size from small groups of
producers co-operating in the marketing and selling of pig meat on a local
scale, through to major national projects.

To find out more, contact Chris Lukehurst on 01908 844112.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2002 Bristol United Press

                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Vermont: Vermont Agriculture Groups Receive Nearly $190,000 to Benefit Specialty
Crop Farmers

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: Montpelier


Agency of Agriculture Food & Markets, The State of Vermont has issued the
following news release:

The Vermont Agency of Agriculture (VAAFM) today announced grants from the
federal Department of Agriculture totaling $188,000 to nine projects that will
benefit Vermont fruit, vegetable, and maple producers, and increase consumer
access to locally produced food.

"Through partnerships, these grants will help support Vermont farmers and others
who rely on the land for their livelihoods, such as our maple producers and
apple growers," Gov. Peter Shumlin said. "I am grateful to Vermont's
Congressional delegation for their continued support of this important grant
program, which will promote farm profitability, increase agriculture's impact on
Vermont's economy, and support sustainable production practices."

Among other uses, the funds will provide food safety training for farmers,
expand social media markets for Vermont maple producers, and support a statewide
community supported agriculture (CSA) network. Recipients include the Northeast
Organic Farming Association of Vermont, UVM's Extension Center for Sustainable
Agriculture and Apple Program, and more.

"These grants represent an investment in the research, education, and
infrastructure that will help keep Vermont at the forefront for diversified and
value-added agriculture," said Chuck Ross, Vermont's Secretary of Agriculture.
Ross also thanked Sens. Patrick Leahy and Bernie Sanders, and Rep. Peter Welch
for their work on behalf of Vermont's farmers and agricultural industry. "They
continue to push for the passage of a Farm Bill so that this program can
continue into the future."

For further information please visit: http://agriculture.vermont.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Basingstoke Gazette

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Grant to save farmers' bacon

BYLINE: Joanne Mace

SECTION: NEWS HEADLINES (BG NEWS HEADLINES)

LENGTH: 288 words


HAMPSHIRE Fare is one of only six groups to secure a grant from The Prince's
Countryside Fund.

HRH The Prince of Wales has announced six new grants amounting to nearly
£200,000 which will go to projects that support the fund's objectives of
ensuring a sustainable future for British farmers and rural communities.

County food group Hampshire Fare applied to preserve the Hampshire hog and to
help local pig farmers who are currently under threat. Hampshire Fare will help
the farmers add value to their pork by encouraging diversification into cured
meats.

By uniting producers, and covering the initial charcuterie training and
marketing costs, the aim is to develop a new marque and to sell the products at
local events and through shops and restaurants, ensuring a sustainable future
for Hampshire pig farmers.

Hampshire Fare chairman Mike Wright said: "Many of our livestock farmers have
long hoped to diversify into cured meats, but say that the cost of training,
uncertainty of environmental health requirements and lack of time to investigate
the possibilities have proved prohibitive.

"By uniting our producers, and covering their initial training and marketing
costs with this grant, we hope to give a real boost to a community in need."

Hampshire Fare free-range pig farmer Martin Martindale, of Greenfield Pork, who
is Hampshire's reigning Supreme Sausage Champion, said: "We have been involved
in the pig industry for some 30 years and we now face new economic challenges.

"Hampshire Fare's project and the grant from The Prince's Countryside Fund is
great news for specialist pig producers across the county."

Hampshire Fare, which is backed by Hampshire County Council, will run the
project over two years, starting this month.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                October 19, 2009

Funding boost for Vic organic producers

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 268  words


VICTORIA'S organic food industry is set for a $400,000 boost from the state
government.

Announcing the grants package during National Organics Week, Regional and Rural
Development Minister Jacinta Allan said Victoria was the biggest producer of
organic milk and is the nation's leading organic food processor.

'The Brumby Labor Government's $400,000 Support for Organics Grant Program will
continue to foster Victoria's nation-leading approach to production, consumption
and export of Victoria's organic products,' she said.

'It will also help secure jobs and enhance lifestyles for organic farmers and
producers, particularly in regional and rural Victoria.'

Ms Allan said the money would help organic producers develop new products,
identify and secure new markets, and maintain access to existing markets to
remain competitive.

The funding for the program is part of a four-year $205 million Future Farming
Strategy, which set out new investment to help the farming sector response to
change, drive innovation and capture new market opportunities.

'To be eligible, the businesses or projects must meet aim to build the capacity
of the organic sector for future growth and increase the awareness of consumers
and producers of the organic sector,' Ms Allan said.

Ms Allan added that businesses or projects must also aim to encourage exports,
develop supply chain or value chain capacity, raise knowledge and awareness of
the organic produce, develop leadership and business skills, or demonstrate
innovation in products and or processes.

* For more information on how to apply for grants visit www.business.vic.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 14, 2003 Monday
                                  City Edition

Farm bill in need of a fix

BYLINE: CHUCK HASSEBROOK, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 651 words


The most valuable and forward-looking provisions of the 2002 farm bill would be
killed by the spending bill just approved by the farm state members of the U.S.
House of Representatives Appropriations Committee.

They were killed in order to keep the money flowing to the most
counterproductive expenditure in all of farm policy -big payments to mega farms
to subsidize them to drive small and mid-size farms out of business by bidding
away land.

Agricultural appropriators voted to slash the new funding in the farm bill for
rural development by 99 percent, agricultural research by 98 percent, renewable
energy by 31percent and conservation by 17 percent. They eliminate funding for
on-farm renewable energy grants including ethanol, broadband access for rural
areas and value-added producer grants.

The value-added grants to producers are for developing new markets, products and
cooperatives to strengthen family farms and ranches and increase their share of
the profit in the food system. In Nebraska, it has helped farmers and ranchers
organize a cooperative to sell hormone-free beef in the European Union at a
premium price and develop premium niche markets in Mexico for grain.

Committee members also voted to block implementation of the new Conservation
Security Program, which takes a positive approach to environmental protection by
paying farmers and ranchers to protect the land and water. And they prohibit the
USDA from implementing country-of-origin labeling for meat, effectively killing
an initiative to help U.S. farmers sell their products and U.S. consumers make
informed purchases.

But the farm state members of the committee were not being frugal. On the
contrary, they were cutting valuable programs to avoid cutting the most
indefensible element of federal farm policy - multimillion dollar farm program
payments to the nation's largest farms and wealthiest landowners.

Committee members ignored a common sense solution that makes farm programs work
better and saves $2.5 billion over the next decade - the bipartisan proposal
offered by Senators Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.) to cap
payments at $250,000. It's the single most effective action Congress could take
to strengthen family farms.

Uncapped payments undermine family farms and the communities that depend on them
- directly counter to the publicly stated intent of farm programs. And they gut
the effectiveness of farm programs in raising farmers' incomes. As long as big
farms can get more federal money every time they add land to their operation,
federal payments will be bid into higher land rents and captured by landlords
rather than farm operators.

It's no one wonder that a 27-state poll of farmers found 81 percent want farm
income support payments better targeted to small and mid-size farms. But their
representatives on the House Appropriations Committee were listening to someone
else. They placed a higher priority on pandering to the rich and powerful than
on offering a future to family farmers and ranchers and their communities.

There is some good news. Farm state members of the U.S. Senate have the
opportunity to fix the House bill when they return to Washington July 15. If
they choose to act in the interest of all of agriculture, they will end
counterproductive mega-farm subsidies. And they will save the most promising new
features of federal farm policy, such as the conservation security program and
the value-added producer Grants Program.

Simply stated, those program reward conservation and support entrepreneurial
initiatives by family farmers and ranchers to earn an income from the
marketplace and compete in the 21st century. They are exactly the kind of
programs our rural representatives in Washington should be supporting, not
mega-payments to subsidize mega-farms to drive their neighbors out of business.

Chuck Hassebrook is Executive Director of the Center for Rural Affairs.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

Abalone export boost Grants for innovation

BYLINE: ROGER HANSON

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 385  words


A SEAFOOD processing plant south of Hobart, which is the biggest supplier of
wild-caught live abalone in the world, is investing in a new packaging process
so it can expand into new markets.

Ralph's Tasmanian Seafood at Electrona has been catching wild abalone in the
waters of the Southern Ocean for more than 15 years and exports almost 50 per
cent of Australia's live abalone trade into China.

The company will look for further markets in the US and Japan after Premier Lara
Giddings and Economic Development Minister David O'Byrne yesterday announced
round three of the Tasmanian Government Innovation and Investment grants.

Ralph's Tasmanian Seafood is one of 22 businesses to share in $3.1 million in
funding, which is expected to create more than 350 jobs and generate investment
of about $16.2 million.

The grant round attracted more than 100 applicants from a broad range of
industries.

Ralph's general manager Mark Webster said the $167,000 grant would be used to
build infrastructure for new product with 21-day shelf-life.

``Presently chilled abalone meat only has a four-day shelf life, but the new
modified atmosphere packaged process will move to 21 days allowing us to enter
different markets not serviced,'' Mr Webster said.

Island Berries Tasmania, receiving $96,400, will fit out a new food production
facility at Cambridge to lower unit cost for producers. Using produce from
Tasmanian growers, the company produce includes gourmet deserts, jams, chutneys,
syrups and fruit pastes.

Andre Richardson, who started the business about 15 years ago, said the grant
will help producers to get a value-added product to market at the most
cost-effective rate.

Island Berries value-adds processing 12 tonnes of quince, 8 tonnes of
raspberries, 5 tonnes of blackberries, and 60 tonnes of cream into panna cotta.
They are moving into cherries and increasing apple puree production for
hospitals and care homes.

CBG Systems managing director Javier Herbon said their $250,000 grant would
enable upskilling for high-performance marine insulation, including contracts
with the US Navy.

The company expects to employ a further 10 people.

Mr O'Byrne said exciting and innovative projects would emerge through round
three of the TGIIF.

Eight businesses in the North, six in North-West and eight in the South received
grants.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            August 14, 2001 Tuesday

Pork producers put community acceptance at top of list

SECTION: MARKETPLACE, Pg. 31

LENGTH: 728 words


If there's a lesson Illinois pork producers have learned in the past year, it's
the value of community acceptance.

Partly because of community concerns, a pork-processing plant originally slated
for Carlinville still is without a home. Three towns - Gridley, Clinton and
Rantoul - remain on the list of prospective homes, but the process has left pork
producers who invested in the idea of a cooperative processing plant with a
bitter taste.

"It has been a long, difficult road," said Mark Gebhards, executive director of
the Illinois Pork Producers Association, "a road that's taken a lot longer than
producers ever thought it would. We've learned a lot of lessons along the way."

The need for community acceptance tops the list, Gebhards said.

"We can't just go in and say to a community, 'Hey, we want to put a processing
facility in your town, and it will mean jobs.' Society just doesn't accept that.
We have to show them we're going to be a good neighbor, that we're going to
address any negative things that go along with a processing plant or
hog-confinement facility."

The fate of the Illinois cooperative is particularly important because the group
received a $1.7 million state grant and a $50,000 federal grant.

Gov. George Ryan is expected today to sign the so-called AgriFirst bill, which
will provide $3 million in start-up money for new agriculture ventures. Pork
producers hope to tap that money for future processing plants.

"One of the big things we hope comes out of AgriFirst is to have equity funding,
not just feasibility and business plans, but beyond that," said Gebhards. "The
$3 million isn't going to allow that, but if there's more money put into the
program, which I think will happen, then I think we'll see that. Governor Ryan
mentioned in the Swine Barn Sunday that agriculture is the state's No. 1
industry. We're making progress in the recognition of a need for value-added
projects."

To keep that momentum going, Gebhards said, current projects need to go forward.

Hog farmers who are left in the business after prices sagged to a devastating
$10 in 1998 are very cautious, he said.

" They've had a pretty good year, but we know they'll be facing challenges next
year with what's projected for production and processing straining current
capacity," he added. "All the more reason the processing project is really
needed. Producers are being very careful."

A processing plant in Marshall, Mo., is slated to close, giving Illinois farmers
fewer choices on where to have their hogs processed.

"Getting this new (co-op) facility up and running is critical," Gebhards said.
"Not only does it relieve the packing pressure, but it sets a precedent for
others.

"We are seeing expansion of hog numbers in Illinois. It's kind of scattered in
western, southeastern and northern Illinois - some families expanding, some
cooperatives being formed where several farmers are going together. That's a
good sign."

Breeding herds are not expanding, however. Nowadays, most pigs are farrowed out
of state and simply finished to the right weight in Illinois. The traditional "
farrow-to-finish" hog producer has all but disappeared.

Gebhards is also concerned about society's acceptance of agriculture, in
whatever form it takes in Illinois.

"This generation is less attached directly to the farm, and the next generation
will be even more detached," he noted. "People don't have much acceptance for
dust, noise, odors or trucks that are all associated with agriculture.

"Our big challenge will be making sure urban and farms can co-exist. A place
like the state fair is critical because it allows the public and agriculture to
interface. For us, this is an educational opportunity for people to understand
where their food comes from."

Ethanol co-op

A group of farmers is hoping to build a farmer-owned cooperative ethanol plant
near Elkhart. The plant is projected to produce 65 million gallons of ethanol,
use 23 million bushels of local corn each year, provide 45 new jobs and raise
the price of corn 50 cents a bushel.

Involved in discussions so far are local farmers, Commodity Specialists Inc.,
the Corn Belt Electric Cooperative, Turris Coal Co. and Williams Bio-Energy.

An informational meeting is planned for 7 to 9:30 p.m. Aug. 30 at the Northfield
Conference Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register

                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

N.H. farms get USDA grants

SECTION: NEWS; Breaking

LENGTH: 84 words


CONCORD, N.H. (AP) - Three New Hampshire farms are getting federal grants to
help with business development and marketing.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is awarding $100,000 to Poverty Lane Orchards
of Lebanon, producers of Farnum Hill Ciders. The Miles Smith Farm in Louden will
get $64,950 and the Big Farm in Madison will receive $15,000.

The Value-Added Producer Grants are designed to help agriculture producers
pursue marketing opportunities to expand their businesses and promote their
produce.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Angola : Local Development Project

LENGTH: 383  words


The objectives of the Local Development Project (LDP) are: (a) to improve access
o f poor households to basic services and economic opportunities; and (b) to
enhance local institutional capacities among Angola%s municipalities. There are
three components to the project. The first component of the project is local
social and economic infrastructure.

This component aims at increasing access for poor households to improved social
and economic infrastructures by financing the rehabilitation and construction of
basic public works and the acquisition of essential goods in response to local
development plans and through municipal grants. To ensure proper operation and
functioning of the infrastructures, the LDP will introduce operation and
maintenance user committees. The second component of the project is local
economic development. This component aims at improving business development
skills and participation in markets of selected producer groups by providing a
combination of: (i) technical assistance to selected municipalities to prepare
their municipal economic development strategy; (ii) technical assistance to
%participating provinces to conduct sector and value chain studies; (iii)
technical assistance and training for FAS (Fundo de Apoio Social - Social Action
Fund) to prepare and implement the matching grants manual; (iv) matching grants
to selected producer groups and business development service providers; (v)
technical assistance and training to producer groups and business development
service providers on business skills, managements, and marketing; and (vi)
organization of workshops on microfinance. The third component of the project is
local institutional strengthening. This component aims at strengthening the
capacities of public entities and civil society to be inducted in the
participatory planning, management, and monitoring of basic public service
delivery and expenditure management. Activities will combine on-the-job
technical assistance (TA), training, peer-to-peer learning, field visits, and
other knowledge expansion events alike
Project ID : P105101
Country : Angola
Region : Africa
Status : Active
Approval Date(as of board Presentation)  MAR 18, 2010
Closing Date  JUL 31, 2015
Total Project Cost : US$ 121.70  million

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

New National Research Initiative Aims to Improve Cover Crops

LENGTH: 638  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  The Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research (FFAR) and The Samuel Roberts
Noble Foundation launched a national cover crop initiative today during a
special press conference at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C.





 The $6.6 million research initiative, made possible by a $2.2 million grant
from FFAR, will promote soil health through the development and adoption of new
cover crops across the United States.



 "The Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research is committed to improving the
nation's soil health, which is essential to ensuring a productive and
sustainable future for food and agriculture," said Sally Rockey, Ph.D.,
executive director of FFAR. "We look forward to working with the Noble
Foundation and a talented team of researchers to develop better-than-ever, soil
health-promoting cover crops that will contribute to thriving farms across the
United States."



 Cover crop is a term applied to a number of plant species that farmers,
ranchers and landowners may plant to help manage soil erosion and fertility,
preserve moisture content, and control weeds and diseases. "Cover crops play a
significant role in sustainable agriculture practices," said Bill Buckner, Noble
Foundation president and chief executive officer. "The Noble Foundation has been
a leader in developing forages (grazeable plants for livestock) and new cover
crop varieties since the 1950s. It's only fitting to help further research
advancement in this area at the national level, which is made possible through
the FFAR grant and our team of collaborators."



 The initiative will bring together many collaborators, including
representatives from the seed industry, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture-Agricultural Research Service (ARS) and Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS), three land grant universities, and an existing
Legume Cover Crop Breeding Team, comprising another six land grant universities,
ARS sites and a producer network.



 The focus of the initiative will be to identify cover crop species with the
greatest potential to improve soil health and evaluate such species over a broad
geography within three groups: small grains (wheat, rye, oat and triticale),
annual legumes (hairy vetch, winter peas and clovers), and brassicas (turnips,
radishes, kale and mustards).



 "The majority of cover crops are forages," said Twain Butler, Ph.D., Noble
Foundation research agronomist, who will serve as the project manager. "We will
work with seed companies, a broad network of researchers and producers, and
other evaluation sites to assess, evaluate and develop a broad solution to
impact agriculture and soil health across a significant portion of the United
States. Our goal is simple: to get new cover crop solutions into the hands of
those who use them or will be using them."



 The project is not limited to traditional breeding and evaluation. Engaging
both producers and industry, researchers will also seek to identify and
introduce key traits that can improve crop performance and soil enhancement.
Additionally, scientists at the Noble Foundation will utilize advanced breeding
techniques - which have traditionally been limited in application to high-value,
row crops - to bring new and value-added characteristics to cover crops.



 "The American Seed Trade Association and its member companies look forward to
supporting this important effort to bring together nationwide screening and
evaluation of cover crops with advanced plant breeding tools," said Andrew
LaVigne, ASTA president and chief executive officer. "This initiative is a key
step in helping foster the next generation of cover crop innovation."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             April 20, 2007 Friday

Dairy firms eye  400m projects

SECTION: BUSINESS; Irish Business

LENGTH: 217 words


IRISH dairy products producers are to embark on capital investment projects
totalling  400m as a result of the Government's approval of a new round of
grants for the industry.

The decision by the Government to provide  114m of grant aid to the dairy
industry was announced yesterday.

It will be backed by capital spending of  286m by the companies which receive
the grants.

Glanbia is expected to receive almost  10m in grants to assist in the
development of a cheese and milk protein fractionation project at its production
headquarters in Ballyragget, Co Kilkenny. This project will produce value-added
cheeses for niche markets internationally. Glanbia will also get a further  9m
towards the development of a whey protein concentrate project, also in
Ballyragget.

Kerry Group will receive almost  10m towards a demineralised whey project in
Listowel and a further grant of almost  6m towards a skimmed milk powder and
butter project, also in Listowel.

The Government grants are being distributed widely across Ireland's dairy
producers - both co-operative and multinational. A proposed large cheddar plant
in the North-East failed to attract grant aid due to concerns that it would lead
to over-capacity and damage markets for existing operators, according to the
'Farmers' Journal'.

Jim Aughney

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                October 1, 2002

Cost Cuts Can Make Uk Pork Best Buy In Europe

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Pigs; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 910 words


Britain is the most expensive pork-producing nation in Europe, according to
research out this week that puts production costs here at 16p per kilogram
higher than all other countries, except Sweden.  But the industry is not all
washed up, according to Meat and Livestock Commission pig body BPEX, and if our
producers can slash costs by 10 per cent, we could become the most
cost-efficient in the EU.

On top of that, BPEX said continental pig producers' costs will actually rise by
4p to 7p a kilogram by 2005 because of increased welfare costs imposed through
EC legislation, stricter controls on feed and antibiotics use, and member state
government's curbs on pig populations.

Although only looking at figures from 2000, the BPEX (British Pig Executive)
study claims its figures would still hold true today, despite distortions
created by foot-and-mouth disease.

It added that the poor exchange rate on sterling was mostly to blame for our
producers' high costs and that, if all the countries were operating on a level
playing field, Britain would actually have much lower costs than its main
competitors of Holland, France, Denmark and Ireland, which collectively account
for 90 per cent of our imported pork.

"There is actually little between us and our main competitors, but for the
exchange rate, and we would gain 70 to 80 per cent of any change in the value of
sterling, " Mr Knowles said.

He added that opportunities were there for the British pig producer. "If we
could make a 10 per cent improvement on daily liveweight gain, pig numbers and
slaughter weights we could cut these costs by 12p a kilogram, " he said. "We
also expect EU countries to face further constraints that will increase their
production costs and reduce their pig numbers.

"We could close the gap by 19p a kilogram, which would make us very
competitive." He added that even the low-cost producers of Eastern Europe - all
of which are poised to join the EU in the next few years - would not pose any
real competitive threat as they fall short on quality compared to British
products.

Also, once within the European Union, the costs of implementing welfare and
environmental legislation would raise their costs and make their pork more
pricey than ours.

"Eastern Europe could actually become an export opportunity for us rather than a
threat to our home industry because the quality of their product is so low, " he
said.

But cutting these costs may be easier said than done and certainly Britian's
hard-pushed pig producers will feel they have already cut costs to the bone.

With a 540,000-sow industry, slaughter rates are around 200,000 a week compared
to 300,000 just four years ago. But BPEX said investment into new methods of
production would be central to cutting the bills for farmers and pointed to new
grants of up to GBP 50,000 that have just become available.

Mr Knowles said BPEX's "road to recovery" strategy for the industry - published
earlier this year - highlight many ways to axe costs, including
computer-controlled wet feeding systems to improve daily liveweight gain and,
more immediately, a batch farming system that cuts disease rates.

A 10 per cent increase in carcass weight would also increase efficiency, taking
it from around 72 to 79kg, but still making it light enough to be acceptable to
meat processors.

Also, improved genetics would allow the industry to increase the number of pigs
per sow.

"There is no shortage of ideas, but it requires investment and the only way to
do that is to reduce risk, " he said, pointing to the emergence of "stabilised"
contracts within the industry that spread the risk further down the food chain -
a concept supported by the National Pig Association and Farming Minister, Lord
Whitty.

But he warned that it was no good just the abattoirs taking on the risk, and
urged supermarkets to play their part in securing a brighter future for
Britain's pig farmers by taking on some of the risk in their contractual
arrangements with processors.

He also urged producers to look at greater levels of co-operation with each
other to gain economies of scale. "Producers need to get together and produce
one breed line that the customer wants wherever possible, and harmonise
production methods, " he said. "We are not looking at a Stalinist approach that
would compromise local sourcing initiatives, but more a focus on traditional
breeds with popular appeal." GRANTS of up to GBP 50,000 are available to pig
farmers to develop greater co-operation along the supply chain.

The grants will come from a half-a-million pound fund of promotion money
earmarked by BPEX.

Forming a part of the BPEX "road to recovery" strategy, the aim is for pig
farmers to be connected directly to the point of sale and to see direct benefits
from it.

The project must include identified producers who are making at least three
years' commitment to the project, and include at least one retailer or food
service company partner making a similar long term commitment. All partners must
match-fund the money put forward by BPEX and the project must demonstrate
additional value going back to producers.

Projects that can apply for these grants may vary in size from small groups of
producers co-operating in the marketing and selling of pig meat on a local
scale, through to major national projects.

To find out more, contact Chris Lukehurst on 01908 844112.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2002 Western Daily Press

                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

Aid for poultry sector prompts fears

BYLINE: Ken Moar

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 590 words


The awarding of millions of pounds from the Scottish Rural Development Programme
to the poultry sector has not been universally welcomed.

Industry representatives say the public cash could further aggravate an already
oversupplied market. Egg prices have plummeted in recent weeks by 40p to 50p a
dozen. In some grades, the fall in value has halved the income compared with
only six months ago when the market was in balance.

Scottish Egg Producer Retailers Association secretary Dennis Surgenor reckoned
the Scottish Government has distorted the market by giving some producers grants
to help them start or increase their businesses. At current price levels, he
believed many of the newcomers in the industry could lose as much as £3 per bird
on their enterprise.

"Some people who have invested in new egg production units may find that the
forecast profits over the laying year are not what they budgeted for or
expected."

Robert Thomson, who runs his own poultry supply company, TPak, from Forfar, said
there were too many new producers coming into the sector without having a secure
market. He said he wished that the whole industry had been able to sit down and
discuss the best way forward as the sudden expansion of the production end of
the business had definitely knocked the price.

"Basically we have had no joined-up thinking on this issue," he said. "I have no
wish to organise a cartel but let us have some sense in deciding what is going
to be supplied."

As a result of the over-supply position, he believed many current producers with
only about 10,000 layers who produced and retailed into local markets had had
"their feet kicked from them".

At a meeting of NFU Scotland's pigs and poultry committee Mr Thomson suggested
that part of the problem lay with one of the big egg packers and buyers who were
trying to grow their share of the market without considering the knock-on
effect.

Even within the whole egg market there is a fair bit of turmoil still to come
with the old style battery cages being outlawed within the next 12 months.

"Some people think this will mean all the egg production will come from
free-range units but that is not the case. I expect about 40% of all sales will
continue to be at the 'value' end of the market."

These eggs would come from a new style of housing and he expected the demand for
eggs from these units would be strong. Ironically, in view of the large numbers
of producers who received grants for free-range units, he did not feel those
supplying this part of the market would meet the same level of demand.

He also warned that the demise of battery cages from the UK could lead to
another problem for egg producers in this country - that of importing eggs in
either liquid of processed form from countries where old style battery cages
would continue to be used. These imports would not directly affect the fresh
market but their sales into the catering sector where they would be used for
anything from cake mixes to pasta, would reduce the sales of UK eggs.

A Scottish Government spokesman last night said: "The funding was granted under
the Scotland Rural Development Programme in the knowledge that the additional
supply will shortly be highly sought after by both the industry and consumers.

"There is a temporary UK oversupply of eggs which will gradually be resolved as
producers adapt to account for enhanced welfare improvements in egg production.

"The funding under the SRDP rural priority scheme will help the Scottish
industry remain competitive and help producers move on to new systems."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRICE CRASH: Egg prices in recent weeks have plummeted by up to 50p a
dozen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 12, 1987, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ottawa will fight U.S. potash duty

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government will help Canadian potash producers
fight a threatened duty on exports to the U.S., Forestry Minister Gerald
Merrithew says.

"It's just another example of rampant protectionism in the United States,"
Merrithew told the House of Commons yesterday. "We will work as closely as we
can to try to help that industry fight that petition."

Two major potash producers from New Mexico, accusing Canadian companies of
dumping potash into the U.S. market at less than fair market value, have asked
U.S. trade authorities to impose a penalty duty of 43 per cent.

Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine has warned that the potash issue could become
as controversial as the Canada-U.S. lumber dispute.

He has also indicated he might be willing to impose some kind of export tax to
head of an unfavorable ruling, as was done in the lumber case. To do that,
however, he would need Ottawa's consent.

Merrithew did not respond to New Democrat MP Lorne Nystrom's demand for a
promise that Ottawa would not impose an export tax on potash.

The two U.S. companies, Lundberg Industries Inc. and New Mexico Potash Corp.,
charge that Canada is selling potash in the U.S. at $12 (U.S.) less a tonne than
the cost of production, once transportation costs are taken into account.

Paul Schoenhals, chairman of the Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, Canada's major
potash producer, said the provincially owned company has done nothing to harm
U.S. producers.

"The Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan will vigorously defend any allegation that we
have caused any harm to U.S. producers," he said.

Canada exported about $270 million (U.S.) worth of potash to the U.S. during the
first nine months of 1986, almost all of it from the Potash Corp., according to
the U.S. producers' figures.

Devine said the U.S. producers' petition doesn't make much sense given the
slumping world market for potash.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                          November 30, 2002, Saturday

Toe the party line - Become an event producer - Creative capers

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: LYDIA CLIFFORD

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- FEATURE-COLUMN- CAREERS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 724 words


Event producers find it's not enough to manage a big occasion, as LYDIA CLIFFORD
reports

He has lit canefields to promote products and set alight parties across Sydney,
now David Grant is turning his attention to the next big thing. Event producers,
he says, are the natural evolution of event managers, an industry which is close
to saturation.

"Event manager is a US term and the profession revolutionised parties here about
15 years ago," he says.

Now, however, corporate and social tastebuds have become more sophisticated and
everyone is looking for something different to sell a party, entertain guests or
launch a product.

"That's where event producers come in," Grant says.

"They have all the skills of a good event manager, such as

being down to earth, good organisers and great people skills.

"But they have something

extra; creativity and imagination and that is what is spearheading the event
industry."

As if being paid to throw a party isn't enough, Grant encourages -- and pays --
his team of 10 based at his Artarmon office to go to the theatre, opera, travel
or imbibe any other creative outlet which might bring new ideas into the art of
staging an event.

It is this side of the industry which has kept Grant's company, David Grant
Special Events, at the top of the circuit, garnering the coveted Special Event
Organiser of the Year award for the past seven years from the profession's
watchdog, the Meetings Industry of Australia.

Not bad for an outfit that began in the converted garage of a family home in
1987.

"My strengths have always been creating and organising and while studying at
university I started holding parties to try and raise some money," Grant says.

Events such as treasure hunts and underwater sea parties brought together
students, friends, colleagues and society queens and soon the word about Grant's
special parties spread.

"Organisations would phone me up and ask me to help with their launches, or
create a special party," he says.

"It was an exciting and cuttingedge time because before then there wasn't really
a professional that covered doing these things."

A break came when he was asked to organise the Cointreau Ball, a prestigious
event among Sydney's social set, which he put together annually for nine years.

In the past decade, event management became a recognised profession, with the
University of Technology, Sydney (UTS) founding the Australian Centre for Event
Management and other private bodies, such as the APM Institute, offering
diplomas in event management.

It is here students learn the fundamentals of the profession, such as creating
concepts, organising logistics, maintaining budgets, negotiating with performers
and organising ticket sales.

Andrew Pulsford is a graduate from the APM Institute and now works as an events
manager for Great Big Events, a Balmainbased company specialising in the
presentation and production of sporting events.

His job is to add value to sporting events such as cricket matches and swimming
galas.

"We package an event, organising entertainment before the match, music, a
biography of some of the participants and video clips," Pulsford says.

It's work that keeps him on the move and stretches his work day beyond nine to
five.

As with Grant, Pulsford's strengths are organisational and the ability to
communicate with all workers -- "you have to be able to deal with people, from
ticket sellers right up to the managing director".

It is creative concepts such as this which are keeping many managers employed in
these recessionary times, but according to Grant, producers must go one step
beyond.

"Producers will take the industry to the next level," he says.

"They have all the qualifications of an event manager but they bring into the
industry an added extra: creativity and flair."

How it all works

*  University of Technology Sydney offers graduate courses in event management.

  * APM Training Institute offers diploma in marketing and event management
costing $6200.

  * Creativity and practical skills a must for event managers. Must also be good
with people.

  * Event producers must go the extra mile in flair  and creativity.

  * Salary is from $40,000 a year upwards, but the industry is experiencing
recessionary times which is curtailing wages.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                December 1, 2016

                     INDEPENDENT PRODUCERS SCOTLAND LIMITED

                             C/O FILM CITY GLASGOW
                                      401
                                   GOVAN ROAD
                                    GLASGOW
                                GLASGOW G51 2QJ


TRADE ADDRESS: 401 Govan Road, GLASGOW G51 2QJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01413339333
URL: www.sandm-properties.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC464141

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 20, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ms Zara Gillian Berrie, Film Producer
     ·    Mr David Grant Keir, Film Producer
     ·    Mr Edward Dick, Film Producer
     ·    Mr Paul Anthony Welsh, Film Producer
     ·    Mr John William Archer, Producer
     ·    Barbara Lois Orton, Producer - Documentary Films
     ·    Ms Annie Elizabeth Griffin, Television Producer
     ·    Ms Arabella Page-croft, Film Producer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of other membership organisations n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Company whose shares are traded on the Alternative Investments
Market

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
94990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 20, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -     3,314         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  11,906         0         -
Other Current Assets                          11,906     3,314         -
Total Current Assets                          11,906     3,314         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  11,906     3,314         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              7,047       951         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      7,047       951         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      7,047       951         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              7,047       951         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             4,859         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     2,363         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              4,859     2,363         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             4,859         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     4,859     2,363         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201  -
                           5         4
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed       4,859     2,363  -
Net Worth              4,859     2,363  -
Working Capital        4,859     2,363  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       259.26      -      -
Current Assets     259.26      -      -
Current            641.01      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   105.63      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 44,990 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
91330 Activities of other membership organisations not
elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.88        0    18.99
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.31        0     13.2
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               -.5        0       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              36.89    87.87   190.08
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     2.48        7
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,100.1 27,610.2 35,688.3
                                                          6        8        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,933.3   17,000   25,000
                                                          3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  13,866.6   27,000   54,875
                                                          7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  68.91    48.04    27.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        2
Year -1  8
=        5
Year -2  5
=        9
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/11/201 30/11/201 -
                                                           5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    1.69      3.48 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      1.69      3.48 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.41      0.71 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,859

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 21, 2012

FG Extends N254.9 Billion Grant to Exporters

BYLINE: James Emejo

LENGTH: 470 words


Minister of State for Finance, Alhaji Yerima Ngama said Thursday that a total
sum of N254.96 billion had been extended as grant to export manufacturers
between 2005 till date.

This, he said, was aimed at encouraging manufacturers and producers of export
crops to increase their exports under the Federal Government's Export Expansion
Grant (EEG) scheme which is targeted at economic diversification.

He added that the value of total non-oil export had risen to about $3.2 billion
from only about $100 million in 2005 as a result of the grants.

Addressing journalists in Abuja at the end of a meeting of the Ministerial
Committee on the implementation of the EEG scheme, Ngama said the scheme had
been of immense assistance to manufacturers.

He said: "As at December 2005, total export of non-oil products just came to
$100 million. But as at the end of 2011, total export was $3.2 billion. So if
you compute, you have over 300 per cent growth in export. So it is evident that
the EEG scheme has been successful."

He, said, however, that two major reviews were underway.

According to him, the first would be to categorise the manufacturers and
producers of export goods in order to take the peculiarities of every sub-sector
into properly consideration.

The committee is also looking into how to compensate and determine computation
of the grant.

Its agreements are however, to be submitted to the Federal Executive Council
(FEC) for approval.

The minister said the proposed review was base on the "Realisation that the
scheme has been successful and our manufacturers and producers of export goods
have performed so well that even the threshold that we put for them before you
become elligible to benefit. They've met all these thresholds and therefore,
they want the standards to be enhanced.

"You know when somebody is doing well, you have to lift the standard and one
thing we have agreed here is to actually move this threshold in order to move
the minimum acceptable threshold higher and they have assured us that they are
going to meet it and even beat it. And I think we have to congratulate them for
what they have done and even shifting the goal post because they want to do
more."

But the minister declined to reveal what the current threshold is and what was
being proposed.

"The performance has been so well to the extent that we have agreed to move the
goal post because they think whatever you say they should do, they can even do
more."

He said: "The Nigerian economy needs to be diversified and the good news is that
the transformation agenda of government of President Goodluck Jonathan is
working and the evidence is the decision we reach today."

The ministerial committee is currently the highest policy making body as far as
managing the EEG scheme is concerned-and it reports directly to president
through the FEC.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Critics of SA's social grant system lack hard evidence welfare economics

BYLINE:  David Neves

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1266 words


A recent article once again put social grants in the spotlight. "Grants are
sapping rural SA" (Business Report, July 24) gives prominence to the ruminations
of the African Farmers' Association of SA about social grants undercutting
subsistence agriculture.

Popular prejudices on show in the article, such as the unfounded assertion that
70 percent of grant income is spent on alcohol, were allied to the familiar
lament (attributed to Rob Jeffrey of Econometrix) of excessive social grant
expenditure relative to South Africa's comparatively small tax base. All of
which perhaps illustrates why social policy is far too important to leave in the
hands of farmers, or the punditry of private sector macroeconomists.

Amply displayed in the article were both the ideological contestation around
welfare and the conjecture and anecdotes that pass as evidence. The fact is that
a decade of research in South Africa has shown state cash transfers to be a
remarkably efficient way to improve the welfare of recipients and their larger
households.

The largest category of expenditure is food (not alcohol), and grants improve
recipients' access to social services such as schooling (the second-largest
category of expenditure) and health services. So readily demonstrable are
benefits of social grants that they are measurable on the bodies of beneficiary
children: in their lower rates of stunting and malnutrition.

Malnutrition brings lower IQ scores and lower average lifetime earnings; these
individual deficits are only compounded when aggregated at national level.

South Africa's efficient and progressive taxation system, combined with a
comparatively generous (for a developing country) level of cash transfers,
reduces income inequality to a degree virtually unrivalled in the developing
world. If you thought South Africa creaked under the social and economic
consequences of high inequality - manifest in everything from crime to
joblessness - imagine these ills untempered by the redistributive effects of
social grants.

While bashing social grants might be an elite South African impulse, a vast
public policy literature recognises their value. As do the prescriptions of the
World Bank, an entity not known for sentimentality. At less than 4 percent of
South Africa's gross domestic product, the modest grants received by the
population are at the top end, yet within, international norms for a developing
country. So while social grants expenditure is not infinitely upwardly scalable,
it is close to where it should be.

The familiar South Africa refrain, concerning the asymmetry of 5 million
taxpayers and 15 million grant recipients, also deserves more careful
consideration. This armchair social policy punditry, often coming from
"embedded" corporate economists, ignores that income tax constitutes only a
third of tax receipts. The poor not only pay VAT like the rest of us, they do
not use the generous state transfers we reserve for the rich. Consider that the
aggregate value of tax rebates on retirement contributions (by the middle
classes upwards) easily approaches that of social grants paid by the state. Yet
we do not call these often overlooked, regressive and (currently) uncapped
payments for the rich "social grants". They are "tax rebates".

To turn to the core assertion of the article, that "Grants are sapping rural
SA", let us examine what ails subsistence agriculture, before thinking about the
place of social grants. Subsistence agriculture declined in South Africa from
the mid-20th century onwards when industrialisation, urbanisation and
mechanisation fed the process of "de-agrarianisation" evident throughout the
developing world. These forces were exacerbated by the dispossession and
deprivations of apartheid.

Although land plays an important part in the lives of impoverished rural people
(for food, fuel, medicinal herbs, building materials etc), small-scale farming
does little more than augment food security.

Subsistence agriculture therefore contributes a modest amount to the lives of
very many poor people. Blaming the decline of small-scale agriculture on social
grants in the last decade is historically myopic, and deflects attention from
the neglect of small-scale agriculture.

The position of small-scale producers has arguably deteriorated further in the
post-apartheid period, as erstwhile state services have dissipated. Small
producers need basic agricultural extension services (veterinary health
services, fences, irrigation and so on) - the stuff that produced a century of
successful white commercial farmers. Instead, much debate over land and
agriculture obsessively picks at changing the racial composition of a small
cohort (less than 40 000) of large-scale commercial producers, rather than
supporting the many (about 2 million) small farmers.

The tragedy of our countryside is that the political project of deracialising
agriculture has come at the expense of providing basic support to those small
black farmers who can make a go of it.

But what is the role of social grants in this? For all their virtues, are social
grants not discouraging the dignity of honest work, even in small-scale
agriculture?

It must be stressed that no able-bodied adult currently qualifies for a social
grant, the three broad categories of grant recipients in South Africa are: minor
children, the disabled and the elderly. These are people who generally not
expected to work. And yet they often do.

Research funded by the UK Department for International Development for the
FinMark Trust, by the author and others, drew on detailed analysis of Statistics
SA's labour force survey data. It shows how small social grants are often
channelled into productive activities, such as petty vending or low levels of
farming. In rural areas with enough rainfall, it is not uncommon for households
to use grant income to pay for agricultural inputs. Social grants are invariably
absorbed within recipient households' practices of livelihood making, so it
turns out that given the choice many poor people scrabble to leverage them into
incrementally higher returns.

Although the sums are small and the activities modest, research shows how grant
income is used to fund other productive investments, such as education of
children, labour migration by adult household members and even savings. In
Bolivia, the annual social pension raised food production by 165 percent of the
grants' value; in Mexico researchers use income multipliers of 1.5 to 2.6 for
social grants.

In fact, the preponderance of research shows little evidence for state social
transfers "crowding out" private remittances, or generating discernible labour
disincentive effects. But South Africa's "social grant wars" are often
impervious to evidence.

Take the proposition that social grants are raising rates of teenage pregnancy.
None of the research, including an authoritative 2006 Human Sciences Research
Council study, finds evidence of this. Teen fertility rates climbed rapidly in
the 1980s, but flattened out unchanged through the 1998 introduction of the
child support grant. Statistically, teen mothers are significantly less likely
to be receiving the child support grant than older mothers.

Apocryphal tales of young women falling pregnant to receive a grant are simply
not matched by trends in the demographic or administrative data. However, this
is a narrative that does not sit well with the spasms of moral panic and elite
prejudices that drive social grant bashing. page 4

David Neves is a researcher at the Institute for Poverty, Land and Agrarian
Studies at the University of the Western Cape.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Critics of SA's social grant system lack hard evidence welfare economics

BYLINE:  David Neves

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1266 words


A recent article once again put social grants in the spotlight. "Grants are
sapping rural SA" (Business Report, July 24) gives prominence to the ruminations
of the African Farmers' Association of SA about social grants undercutting
subsistence agriculture.

Popular prejudices on show in the article, such as the unfounded assertion that
70 percent of grant income is spent on alcohol, were allied to the familiar
lament (attributed to Rob Jeffrey of Econometrix) of excessive social grant
expenditure relative to South Africa's comparatively small tax base. All of
which perhaps illustrates why social policy is far too important to leave in the
hands of farmers, or the punditry of private sector macroeconomists.

Amply displayed in the article were both the ideological contestation around
welfare and the conjecture and anecdotes that pass as evidence. The fact is that
a decade of research in South Africa has shown state cash transfers to be a
remarkably efficient way to improve the welfare of recipients and their larger
households.

The largest category of expenditure is food (not alcohol), and grants improve
recipients' access to social services such as schooling (the second-largest
category of expenditure) and health services. So readily demonstrable are
benefits of social grants that they are measurable on the bodies of beneficiary
children: in their lower rates of stunting and malnutrition.

Malnutrition brings lower IQ scores and lower average lifetime earnings; these
individual deficits are only compounded when aggregated at national level.

South Africa's efficient and progressive taxation system, combined with a
comparatively generous (for a developing country) level of cash transfers,
reduces income inequality to a degree virtually unrivalled in the developing
world. If you thought South Africa creaked under the social and economic
consequences of high inequality - manifest in everything from crime to
joblessness - imagine these ills untempered by the redistributive effects of
social grants.

While bashing social grants might be an elite South African impulse, a vast
public policy literature recognises their value. As do the prescriptions of the
World Bank, an entity not known for sentimentality. At less than 4 percent of
South Africa's gross domestic product, the modest grants received by the
population are at the top end, yet within, international norms for a developing
country. So while social grants expenditure is not infinitely upwardly scalable,
it is close to where it should be.

The familiar South Africa refrain, concerning the asymmetry of 5 million
taxpayers and 15 million grant recipients, also deserves more careful
consideration. This armchair social policy punditry, often coming from
"embedded" corporate economists, ignores that income tax constitutes only a
third of tax receipts. The poor not only pay VAT like the rest of us, they do
not use the generous state transfers we reserve for the rich. Consider that the
aggregate value of tax rebates on retirement contributions (by the middle
classes upwards) easily approaches that of social grants paid by the state. Yet
we do not call these often overlooked, regressive and (currently) uncapped
payments for the rich "social grants". They are "tax rebates".

To turn to the core assertion of the article, that "Grants are sapping rural
SA", let us examine what ails subsistence agriculture, before thinking about the
place of social grants. Subsistence agriculture declined in South Africa from
the mid-20th century onwards when industrialisation, urbanisation and
mechanisation fed the process of "de-agrarianisation" evident throughout the
developing world. These forces were exacerbated by the dispossession and
deprivations of apartheid.

Although land plays an important part in the lives of impoverished rural people
(for food, fuel, medicinal herbs, building materials etc), small-scale farming
does little more than augment food security.

Subsistence agriculture therefore contributes a modest amount to the lives of
very many poor people. Blaming the decline of small-scale agriculture on social
grants in the last decade is historically myopic, and deflects attention from
the neglect of small-scale agriculture.

The position of small-scale producers has arguably deteriorated further in the
post-apartheid period, as erstwhile state services have dissipated. Small
producers need basic agricultural extension services (veterinary health
services, fences, irrigation and so on) - the stuff that produced a century of
successful white commercial farmers. Instead, much debate over land and
agriculture obsessively picks at changing the racial composition of a small
cohort (less than 40 000) of large-scale commercial producers, rather than
supporting the many (about 2 million) small farmers.

The tragedy of our countryside is that the political project of deracialising
agriculture has come at the expense of providing basic support to those small
black farmers who can make a go of it.

But what is the role of social grants in this? For all their virtues, are social
grants not discouraging the dignity of honest work, even in small-scale
agriculture?

It must be stressed that no able-bodied adult currently qualifies for a social
grant, the three broad categories of grant recipients in South Africa are: minor
children, the disabled and the elderly. These are people who generally not
expected to work. And yet they often do.

Research funded by the UK Department for International Development for the
FinMark Trust, by the author and others, drew on detailed analysis of Statistics
SA's labour force survey data. It shows how small social grants are often
channelled into productive activities, such as petty vending or low levels of
farming. In rural areas with enough rainfall, it is not uncommon for households
to use grant income to pay for agricultural inputs. Social grants are invariably
absorbed within recipient households' practices of livelihood making, so it
turns out that given the choice many poor people scrabble to leverage them into
incrementally higher returns.

Although the sums are small and the activities modest, research shows how grant
income is used to fund other productive investments, such as education of
children, labour migration by adult household members and even savings. In
Bolivia, the annual social pension raised food production by 165 percent of the
grants' value; in Mexico researchers use income multipliers of 1.5 to 2.6 for
social grants.

In fact, the preponderance of research shows little evidence for state social
transfers "crowding out" private remittances, or generating discernible labour
disincentive effects. But South Africa's "social grant wars" are often
impervious to evidence.

Take the proposition that social grants are raising rates of teenage pregnancy.
None of the research, including an authoritative 2006 Human Sciences Research
Council study, finds evidence of this. Teen fertility rates climbed rapidly in
the 1980s, but flattened out unchanged through the 1998 introduction of the
child support grant. Statistically, teen mothers are significantly less likely
to be receiving the child support grant than older mothers.

Apocryphal tales of young women falling pregnant to receive a grant are simply
not matched by trends in the demographic or administrative data. However, this
is a narrative that does not sit well with the spasms of moral panic and elite
prejudices that drive social grant bashing. page 4

David Neves is a researcher at the Institute for Poverty, Land and Agrarian
Studies at the University of the Western Cape.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

USDA RURAL ENERGY PROGRAM SUPPORTS MISS. POULTRY, CATFISH OPERATIONS

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Thad Cochran, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Nine poultry and catfish producers in Mississippi have been selected to receive
a total of $288,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations, U.S. Senator Thad Cochran today
reported.

The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants were approved for operations
in Bay Springs, Brooksville, Carthage, Indianola, Magnolia, Mt. Olive, Osyka,
Stringer and Waynesboro.  The REAP grants range in value from $79,303 to $5,121.

"Energy costs are a major factor for agriculture producers.  The Rural Energy
for America Program was reauthorized in the 2014 farm bill to continue helping
farming operations lower their production costs through energy savings," said
Cochran, ranking Republican on the Senate Agriculture Committee.

Administered by USDA Rural Development, REAP was created to assist farmers,
ranchers and rural small businesses in making energy efficiency improvements or
installing renewable energy systems.  In reauthorizing REAP, the 2014 farm bill
streamlined the application process for farmers and rural businesses applying
for small and medium sized projects.

The awards to Mississippi are among the 540 REAP grant and loan guarantees
approved for rural energy projects nationwide.  A list of these awards is
available below.

The 2014 REAP Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grant
Program awards to Mississippi include two awards to support the installation of
oxygen monitoring systems with computers to control electric aerators on more
than 125 catfish ponds.

Five grants were awarded to poultry producers in Mississippi to install energy
efficiency lighting, fans, doors, insulation and other equipment on poultry
broiler grower and production houses.  Other grants will support the
installation of a bio-energy, renewable biomass system and an 84kw large solar
photovoltaic system to improve energy efficiency at two poultry operations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 9, 2005 Thursday

OK's Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program receives $250K

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 186 words


Oklahoma's Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program has received
$250,000 to be distributed this year.

The deadline for this quarter's applications is 5 p.m. July 1.

More than $1 million has been invested in Oklahoma economic development projects
since the program began five years ago, said Rick Maloney, director of the
Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry.

Producers can apply for grants of up to $5,000 to help establish diversified
agricultural projects. Interest-free loans are available for individuals or
producer groups to assist in marketing and research for promoting value-added
ventures and sales. Maloney said project applications ranging from vegetable
production to agritourism ventures have become more popular recently.

"We have seen everything from multimillion-dollar processing plants to
small-scale diversified vegetable farms awarded these grants," he said. "No
producer or producer group is too large or too small to qualify for this
program."

Applications are available at www.oda.state.ok.us or by calling Jason Harvey at
522-5563.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 9, 2005 Thursday

OK's Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program receives $250K

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 186 words


Oklahoma's Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program has received
$250,000 to be distributed this year.

The deadline for this quarter's applications is 5 p.m. July 1.

More than $1 million has been invested in Oklahoma economic development projects
since the program began five years ago, said Rick Maloney, director of the
Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry.

Producers can apply for grants of up to $5,000 to help establish diversified
agricultural projects. Interest-free loans are available for individuals or
producer groups to assist in marketing and research for promoting value-added
ventures and sales. Maloney said project applications ranging from vegetable
production to agritourism ventures have become more popular recently.

"We have seen everything from multimillion-dollar processing plants to
small-scale diversified vegetable farms awarded these grants," he said. "No
producer or producer group is too large or too small to qualify for this
program."

Applications are available at www.oda.state.ok.us or by calling Jason Harvey at
522-5563.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2017 Thursday

Nebraska part of national research initiative to improve cover crops

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:

  The University of Nebraska-Lincoln is part of a $6.6 million research
initiative to promote soil health through the development and adoption of new
cover crops across the United States. The initiative was launched March 22 by
the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research and The Samuel Roberts Noble
Foundation, which is the lead institution.





 The initiative, made possible by a $2.2 million grant from FFAR, will bring
together representatives from the seed industry, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture-Agricultural Research Service and Natural Resources Conservation
Service, a producer network and multiple land-grant universities including
Nebraska.



 Cover crop is a term applied to a number of plant species that farmers,
ranchers and landowners may plant to help manage soil erosion and fertility,
preserve moisture content, and control weeds and diseases. The focus of the
initiative will be to identify cover crop germplasm with the greatest potential
to improve soil health across a broad geographic area. Germplasm improvement
will focus on species within three groups: small grains (wheat, rye, oat and
triticale), annual legumes (hairy vetch, winter peas and clovers), and brassicas
(turnips, radishes, kale and mustards).



 "Once The Noble Foundation identifies superior germplasm of these cover crop
species, the role of the trial site collaborators is to test their regional
adaptation," said John Guretzky, associate professor in the Department of
Agronomy and Horticulture and co-leader of the project. "We'll be evaluating the
germplasm to see how it performs in different environments."



 Nebraska will be the Northern Plains trial site for the cover crop evaluations.
Trials will also be conducted in Maryland for the Northeast, North Carolina for
the Southeast, Oklahoma for the Southern Plains and Missouri for the Midwest.



 "These sites have experience in cover crop evaluation and will allow us to
effectively screen each species and variety for its effectiveness, its role with
other crop mixes and its range of adaptation," said Twain Butler, Noble
Foundation research agronomist and project manager. "These sites will also
illustrate the use and effectiveness of cover crops for the purpose of sharing
our findings with agricultural producers."



 The project is not limited to traditional breeding and evaluation. Engaging
both producers and industry, researchers will also seek to identify and
introduce key traits that can improve crop performance and soil enhancement.
Additionally, scientists at the Noble Foundation will utilize advanced breeding
techniques - which have traditionally been limited in application to high-value,
row-crops - to bring new and value-added characteristics to cover crops.



 The short-term goals of the research are to identify the best cover crop
species and varieties currently available through evaluation and screening,
promote them to farmers and ranchers, and increase effective options within the
marketplace.



 "I expect that this project will generate a lot of performance data for
producers, which should lead to better adoption of the new cover crop
varieties," Guretzky said.



 Researchers from this project will share results with the public through
national meetings and peer-reviewed publications. Certain outcomes, including
molecular markers, will be made available through publication and publicly
accessible databases.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Russia Cuts Film Subsidies Amid Economic Crisis

BYLINE: Nick Holdsworth

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 491  words


Russiahas cut its public film subsidies for the year by $2.8 million, or 7
percent, the country's Cinema Fund has announced.

Although 2016 has been declared the "Year of Cinema" in Russia, the Cinema
Fund's budget for supporting film has dropped from 3 billion rubles ($38.8
million) to 2.8 billion ($36.0 million).

Fund head Anton Malyshev urged production companies that receive grants to use
the money more efficiently.

"Our grants, which are distributed directly, have shrunk, but in terms of
efficiency, I think [their impact] will be more," said Malyshev.

Most money, made in direct grants to production companies that are only
returnable to state coffers if recipients make a profit on their movies, goes to
a select group of leading production companies, including that of Oscar-winning
director Nikita Mikhalkov.

Although few co-productions are shot in Russia, money is available to foreign
producers who partner with Russians provided the projects meet cultural and
other criteria.

Read More&#039;The Revenant&#039; Becomes Russia&#039;s Highest-Grossing 18+
Rated Movie

This year, $23 million will go the top companies, with the rest being
distributed throughout the industry.

Although Malyshev did not specify the reason for the reduction in the subsidies,
Russia's economic crisis - sparked by falling oil prices and a collapse in the
value of the ruble against the dollar and other foreign currencies in the past
year - has been causing public sector cutbacks throughout many industries.

The film fund does have contingency reserves for special cases, Malyshev added,
though new rules stipulating that production companies must open accounts with
the state treasury to receive the grants will make distribution of money more
complex this year.

Last year was the worst for Russian film at the domestic box office in a decade,
with homegrown films' market share slipping to 15 percent, down from 19 percent
in 2013. Box-office receipts more than halved from $258 million in 2013 for 59
releases to $116 million for around 125 releases in 2015. That partly reflected
the damage wrought to producers' bottom line by the ruble's catastrophic drop in
value. In 2014, a dollar was worth around 35 rubles. Today, a dollar is worth
more than 75 rubles.

Meanwhile, Russia's culture ministry denied that it had turned down director
Konstantin Bronzit's application for funding of his Oscar-nominated animated
short We Can't Live Without the Cosmos.

"That's a shame that Konstantin rejected our financial support and then he says
something different," the agency said on its Instagram account.

Last week, Bronzit told a news conference that the project didn't receive "a
single ruble of state support," although his producers had applied for funding
three times.

This is Bronzit's second Oscar nomination. Back in 2009, his film Lavatory
Lovestory was nominated in the same category.

Read MoreSony Pictures Television Sells Russian Assets to Comply With Local Law


LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2016 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Missouri: Grants Awarded to Grow Demand for Missouri Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1008  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Missouri has issued the following press
release:

The Missouri Department of Agriculture announced today that 14 organizations
across Missouri will receive grants given by the USDA's Specialty Crop Block
Grant program to strengthen the market for Missouri grown crops and produce.
More than $450,000 in federal funding will be used to educate consumers and
producers about Missouri specialty crops as well as to research methods to
improve nut, berry, grape, native fruit, vegetable, beekeeping and honey
production, food safety, youth education and plant protection throughout the
state.

The following organizations were awarded grant funding for 2014:

o Columbia Farmers Market - to implement a youth education program promoting and
teaching the benefits of specialty crops improving the healthy habits of
children, raise consumer awareness and improve knowledge of specialty crops
through offering a series of education programs and promote the market as a
routine and reliable source of specialty crops effectively increasing  sales -
$12,993

o EarthDance Organic Farm School - to increase consumer interest  and organic
fruit production in Missouri by demonstrating the market potential of pawpaw
(native) fruit and providing growers with education about commercial scale
organic fruit production - $7,452

o Kansas City Community Gardens - to assist low-income families and community
groups in the Kansas City area with growing fresh fruits, vegetables and
culinary herbs and improve community access to healthy food - $27,200

o Lincoln University - two grants
(1) To increase awareness about wild leeks and other native edible plants with
potential as specialty crops, develop protocols to grow wild leeks and wild
greens as crops in Missouri based on existing research and develop value-added
products using wild leeks, examine nutrient content and outreach and education
for promoting production and consumption - $28,065

(2) To enhance the small and large scale production of many specialty crops by
improving current monitoring systems for the Spotted Wing Drosophila (SWD)
recently introduced as a new species of fruit fly in the US.  The SWD has a wide
host-range but is primarily a pest of berry crops, (brambles, blueberries,
elderberries and grapes) and some stone fruits (cherry, nectarine and peach).
Results from this project will aid in the development of behaviorally-based
Integrated Pest Management approaches such as mass trapping that may lead to
effective SWD control with reduced insecticide sprays - $33,102

o Missouri Department of Agriculture - two grants
(1) To start a certification cost-share program in Missouri and increase the
number of operations with GHP and GAP Certification, improve overall food safety
and increase overall Missouri produce grown, handled and processed by owned and
located operations and increase the total amount of produce specialty crops -
$44,135

(2) To establish a 2-year insecticide cost-share program for Missouri small
fruit growers, support their efforts to protect susceptible fruits from Spotted
Wing Drosophila while they gain confidence in adding new practices and adjust to
new insecticide input costs.  The program will reimburse the purchase price of
insecticides to participants at 50% up to $750 per grower, depending on the
acres treated (non-bearing crop acreage would not be included) - $62,034

o Missouri River Communities Network (MRCN) - to increase the number of
specialty crop producers in the 19 counties in the Missouri River Valley, gather
information from MRCN producers about their growing practices, future plans and
willingness to collaborate with other producers on marketing activities, raise
awareness of MRCN consumers where to purchase locally grown specialty crops and
increase the number of local specialty crop producers and consumers - $28,638

o Missouri State University - two grants
(1) To record the grade of resistance against powdery mildew and downy mildew
and conduct an assessment of the seven new grape varieties with the parents
"Norton" and "Cabernet Sauvignon" for their viticultural characteristics in 2015
and 2016 - $14,000

(2) To develop a Norton and Cabernet Sauvignon linkage map using genetic
markers, conduct segregation analysis of the population for rooting ability and
identify genetic markers associated with the rooting for future marker-assisted
selection - $29,988

o Missouri Vegetable Growers Association - to focus on educating people new to
beekeeping by increasing knowledge of integrated pest management practices in
beekeeping of at least 100 individuals through six advanced beekeeping
workshops, increase the number of managed beehives in Missouri through beginning
and advanced beekeeping workshops and the Great Plains Growers Conference -
$32,276

o University of Missouri - two grants
(1) To provide new information to elderberry producers, Extension personnel and
researchers on quantifiable juice characteristics and identify and compare the
flavor descriptors of the juice of six different elderberry cultivars using
descriptive sensory analysis  - $18,192

(2) To examine innovative strategies used in other developing wine regions
including wine trail and appellation development in 3 areas with developing wine
industries to advance the collective marketing options used by Missouri
wineries.  Describe processes used by growers to develop collective
entrepreneurial strategies, participation by state government, consultants and
other parties.  Define the successful strategies for regional/local industry
development, identity based reputations of successful wine trails and
specifications used to define the wine styles and production practices adopted
in new appellations - $53,128

o Webb City Farmers Market - to address the need for increased production of
fruits and vegetables in both fresh and value-added form for winter markets in
southwest Missouri - $30,069


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Burke Gazette (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2014

Farm Bureau Awarded $75,000 NRCS Grant

BYLINE: The Burke Gazette staff

LENGTH: 291  words


South Dakota Farm Bureau has been awarded a $75,000 Conservation Innovation
Grant from the Natural Resource Conservation Service (NRCS) to develop a
first-ever agricultural wetland mitigation banking system for South Dakota.

"There has been a clear need for some type of wetland mitigation bank for many
years, but there's never before been a system for getting it done. Farm Bureau
is about to change that," said Wayne Smith, SDFB Executive Director and farmer
from Egan, S.D.

Wetland mitigation means moving a wetland from a crop field to a wetland that
has been created, restored, and/or enhanced. This can be done on an
acre-for-acre basis, or a function-and-value for function-and-value basis.
Through the grant, Farm Bureau will establish the framework for a statewide
wetland mitigation bank, including the eligibility rules, crediting rates,
verification system, service areas, registries, and trading methods.

Without a mitigation bank, South Dakota has only seen five mitigations in the
last seven years. This new system will be a win-win: area in degraded wetlands
will be replaced with area in better-functioning wetlands, plus farmers will
have a user-friendly system for getting it done.

Other key points: Farm Bureau will negotiate with the Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) to set up the criteria. Farmers will deal with the
mitigation bank itself, not the NRCS. Farmers will have a known set of criteria
for determining whether to mitigate or not.

Mitigation will become vital to producer members as we move forward with the new
farm bill, so producers can remain "in compliance" now that conservation
compliance has been tied to the farm program. SDFB began the project on October
1 and expects completion by August 31, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The Burke Gazette

                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday

USDA provides grants for beef marketing

LENGTH: 179 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture -- Rural Development has provided a $198,000
"value added producer grant" to Living Utah to spearhead a beef marketing
project to increase profits to independent cattle ranchers in central Utah.

Currently, about 75 ranchers from Carbon, Emery, Garfield and Wayne counties are
participating in the project.

The USDA funds will be used with matching funds of $294,500 to do market
research, develop a marketing and business plan and assess project feasibility.

The USDA also has awarded a $95,036 grant to restaurant chain and cattle
producer Dee's Inc. to determine what characteristics consumers along the
Wasatch Front prefer in a locally grown beef product and the best marketing
strategies to sell such products.

Dee's will oversee and manage the project. Other participants will include about
a dozen Utah ranching families, Associated Foods, Utah State University,
Bridgerland Applied Technology College and the accounting firm of Cook,
Dorigatti & Associates. Participants will provide $270,500 in matching funds to
complete the project.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 30, 1988 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

BURGEONING BUSINESS;
TIPPLING

BYLINE: Don Hogg

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. 151

LENGTH: 501 words


In the early and middle 80s no Australian winery attracted more notice than
Krondorf, the Barossa producer jointly owned by Grant Burge and Ian Wilson.

Almost overnight, it seemed, the liquor stores were full of Krondorf wines;
Krondorf's up-market advertising appeared all over the place and the company's
wines were winning trophies and gold medals everywhere. Among the wine
cognoscenti the faces of Burge and Wilson were instantly recognisable.

Most importantly, everyone was drinking and talking about the fine wines these
young men were making.

Nobody close to the industry could remember a new producer making such a huge
market impact. The bubble would burst, the sceptics said. Their argument was
that these whippersnappers had got too big too fast.

But it didn't. Krondorf became the first wine company in 20 years to be listed
on the stock exchange, and then, in 1986, the giant maker, Mildara, made a
successful takeover bid.

All this left Burge and Wilson wealthy young men. Both could be seen whizzing
about South Australia in expensive sports cars while most winemakers travelled
in utes. Even their sceptics said, "good on 'em."

Burge went on to the board of Mildara. Wilson went to pursue a sophisticated
lifestyle in the United States. Burge didn't last long in a desk job. He missed
the excitement and challenge of winemaking and wanted to get back into it as an
independent. He'd succeeded once before, why wouldn't success touch him again?

He's recently released the first wines from his new enterprise, Grant Burge
Wines, based on his old Krondorf property.

There are four wines in the range, an '88 Sauvignon Blanc, '88 Wood Matured
Semillon, '88 Chardonnay and an '88 Frontignac.

The '88 Grant Burge Sauvignon Blanc ($14) is from grapes grown at Lyndoch. It's
a full-flavoured, crisp, fresh wine showing attractive greens. Whereas some
wines of this variety can overpower with their grassy herbaceousness, this one
is carefully balanced and a fine food wine.

The '88 Grant Burge Wood Matured Semillon ($16.20) shows the benefits of
treating Barossa semillon with oak. Here's a wine of genuine complexity and
richness of flavour that will improve immeasurably with age. Top value |

But it's the '88 Grant Burge Chardonnay ($16) that's the star of the range. It's
what a good chardonnay should be, showing complete varietal character, complex
and carefully balanced with oak. It too will develop with a few more years in
the bottle. The '88 Grant Burge Barossa Frontignac ($9.25) will appeal to those
who don't mind a little sugar in their wines, but it's by no means a full-on
dessert style. An excellent complement to Asian food.

VINE VALUE

The hard to find '86 Penfold's Koonunga Hill red is on special this week at
Speziale Cellars, Railway Ave, Wahroonga, for $4.99 by the case or $6.99 the
bottle. And they have the excellent Penfold's '85 Bin 389 for $10.99 by the case
or $12.99 the bottle. And really good value is the Tolley's Pedare '88 Fume
Blanc at $4.99 by the case or $5.99 the bottle.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 17, 2011 Friday

Angola: Local Development Project

LENGTH: 366  words


Project ID: P105101
Project Status: Active
Approval Date 18-MAR-2010
Closing Date 31-JUL-2015
The objectives of the Local Development Project (LDP) are: (a) to improve access
o f poor households to basic services and economic opportunities; and (b) to
enhance local institutional capacities among Angola%s municipalities.

There are three components to the project. The first component of the project is
local social and economic infrastructure. This component aims at increasing
access for poor households to improved social and economic infrastructures by
financing the rehabilitation and construction of basic public works and the
acquisition of essential goods in response to local development plans and
through municipal grants. To ensure proper operation and functioning of the
infrastructures, the LDP will introduce operation and maintenance user
committees. The second component of the project is local economic development.
This component aims at improving business development skills and participation
in markets of selected producer groups by providing a combination of: (i)
technical assistance to selected municipalities to prepare their municipal
economic development strategy; (ii) technical assistance to %participating
provinces to conduct sector and value chain studies; (iii) technical assistance
and training for FAS (Fundo de Apoio Social - Social Action Fund) to prepare and
implement the matching grants manual; (iv) matching grants to selected producer
groups and business development service providers; (v) technical assistance and
training to producer groups and business development service providers on
business skills, managements, and marketing; and (vi) organization of workshops
on microfinance. The third component of the project is local institutional
strengthening. This component aims at strengthening the capacities of public
entities and civil society to be inducted in the participatory planning,
management, and monitoring of basic public service delivery and expenditure
management. Activities will combine on-the-job technical assistance (TA),
training, peer-to-peer learning, field visits, and other knowledge expansion
events alike.

country :Angola
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Industry official casts doubts on 'grassroots' plan

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 607  words


An ambitious plan by 45 RMs to raise "seed money'' to build two ethanol plants
in south-central Saskatchewan is being applauded by municipal and provincial
leaders.

But one industry group questions whether the "grassroots" initiative is the
right way to build Saskatchewan's embryonic ethanol industry.

Last week the South Central Renewable Fuel Committee, a group of RMs in the
Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities (SARM) Division Two, announced
plans to build two 100-million-litres-a-year ethanol plants at a cost of $200
million.

Doug Thul, chairman of the committee, said $50 million in seed money for the
proposed plants could be raised through a $1-per-acre levy by participating RMs.

The balance of the $150 million required would come from public- or
private-sector partners and debt financing.

Dave Marit, president of SARM, said the association supports the initiative by
the RMs in Division Two, bounded by Southey in the northeast, Riverhurst in the
northwest, Glentworth in the southwest and Lake Alma in the southeast.

"Any time you can get municipalities working together on an economic-
development initiative this huge is nothing but good news for rural
Saskatchewan.''

While some RMs object to imposing what amounts to a tax to raise money for the
ethanol plants, Marit said most RMs see the benefit of the initiative.

"The biggest thing we want is local ownership in value-added processing. (But)
it's got to come from local people,'' Marit added.

Regional Economic and Co-operative Development Minister Clay Serby said his
government supports initiatives that encourage producer ownership of value
-adding processing.

"I think this is a very good model because it does address a couple of very
important positions which we're proposing to the federal government,'' Serby
said.

Serby said the federal government's ethanol strategy should include: a
nationally mandated minimum ethanol content for gasoline, incentives to
encourage producer ownership, a guaranteed percentage of ethanol feedstock from
Western grains, and funding to defray the capital cost of ethanol plants.

"This project really does address the producer-ownership piece.''

But Serby ruled out provincial participation as an equity partner in the
project. "We're not interested in ... owning ethanol plants,'' Serby said.

However, the province could offer grants to ethanol plants, similar to the
provincial government's meat strategy. Currently, meat-processing plants can
apply for grants of up to 23 per cent of the capital cost of the project.

But an industry spokesman says "grassroots" projects may not be able to compete
in the "intensely competitive'' renewable-fuels market.

"I know of no other examples of that particular way of raising capital,'' said
Kory Teneycke, executive director of the Canadian Renewable Fuels Association.

"The (producer-ownership) model that's more frequently used is a much smaller
number of investors over a much smaller area at a much higher price point.''

Teneycke said ethanol production requires large amounts of capital and technical
expertise not usually found among agricultural producers.

"This is a manufacturing industry and you need to be competitive,'' he said,
adding that Saskatchewan needs to build an "export industry'' that can compete
with corn-based ethanol production from Minnesota.

"My concern is that it looks more like government ownership than private
investment. It looks like a dedicated tax towards renewable fuels as opposed to
true investment,'' he said.

"(Ethanol production) needs to be about more than just social benefits. It needs
to have economic benefits that flow through to the investor.''

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds Support For Mid-Michigan Farm, Cooperative

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the announcement of support
for Swallowtail Farm and the Michigan Fiber Industry Coalition Cooperative in
Mason. Swallowtail Farm will receive $50,215 and the Michigan Fiber Industry
Coalition Cooperative will get $15,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps farmers and growers develop
marketing strategies for agricultural commodities. This grant program was
reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill and is used to develop new
agricultural products or create additional markets for existing ones.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
farmers get more value from their products. That type of support can help
increase sales for local farmers and boost our small town economies."



 Swallowtail Farm, which is a family-owned u-pick raspberry and free range egg
farm, will use the funding to increase production and expand sales of fruit,
syrups and jams. Michigan Fiber Industry Coalition Cooperative, which helps
Michigan producers process and market fibers like wool, will use their funding
to increase production and expand the market for yarn made within the U.S.
Today's announcement is part of a $34 million investment from USDA's Office of
Rural Development for 258 businesses across the country.



 Agricultural products like fruits and vegetables - also known as "specialty
crops" - play a major role in Michigan agriculture. With the exception of
California, Michigan leads the nation in crop diversity, growing and producing
more than 200 unique commodities. Senator Stabenow's Farm Bill strengthens the
value-added producer program and programs for specialty crop farmers, supports
programs to stop pest and disease threats, and helps family farmers sell more
goods locally.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Warner, Kaine Announce More Than $3.6 Million In Federal Grants For
Agricultural Development

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Kain has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will award $3,684,248 in Rural
Development grants to various Virginia enterprises. The USDA's Value Added
Producer Grant Program, part of the 2014 farm bill, assists farmers with
developing new product lines and expanding markets for their products, with a
specific focus on small and medium-sized family farms and beginning farmers and
ranchers.





 The grants are awarded as part of a national competition, and require matching
funds covering 50% of the project costs. Since 2009, the program has been a key
tenet of the USDA 'Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food' initiative to promote local
and regional food systems as a component of rural economic development.



 "These grants help Virginia farmers grow their local economies through
innovative products and entrepreneurial spirit. This program provides
much-needed financing to help producers develop new product lines and increase
their income," Sen. Warner said.



 The following entities will be awarded funding under today's announcement:



 Shenandoah Valley



     Marceline Vineyards in Mount Crawford will receive $250,000;

     Seaman's Orchard in Roseland will receive $250,000;

     Silver Creek Orchards in Tyro will receive $250,000;

     Cana Cellars in Huntly will receive $250,000;



 Southside



     Good Earth Peanut Company in Skippers will receive $250,000;

     Rosemont of Virginia in La Crosse will receive $250,000;

     Stanburn Winery in Stuart will receive $250,000;

     Cobblestone Milk Cooperative in Chatham will receive $62,000;



 Central Virginia



     Upper Shirley Vineyards in Charles City will receive $250,000;

     Manakintowne Specialty Growers in Powhatan will receive $250,000;

     Papa Weaver's Pork in Orange will receive $250,000;

     Garden Patch in Orange will receive $49,999;



 The Middle Peninsula



     Rappahannock River Oysters in Topping will receive $250,000;

     Garner's Produce in Warsaw will receive $250,000;



 Northern Virginia



     Kats Ag Energy Farm in Purcellville will receive $250,000;



 Charlottesville



     Vintage Virginia Apples in North Garden will receive $250,000;



 Southwest Virginia



     Mountainrose Vineyards in Wise will receive $49,999 and;



 Fredericksburg



     Botanical Bites & Provisions in Fredericksburg will receive $22,250.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Farmer producer cos to cultivate nutmeg, pokkali

SECTION: KOCHI

LENGTH: 327 words


KOCHI: To help farmers increase the quandity of their produce and market it
efficiently with profit, farmer producer companies are being initiated. Two
farmer producer companies have registered in Ernakulam with the registrar of
companies under the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA).The companies with 50
farmers each, will soon start functioning at Kothamangalam and Ernakulam.
Periyar Valley Farmer Producer Company (PVFPVC) has members cultivating nutmeg
and other spices grown in the highranges while the second company is Pokkali
Farmer Producer Company which will have farmers cultivating pokkali and organic
rice.Anybody, who is a farmer, can become a member of the company but he/she
will not be allowed to sell the shares to another and despite the number of
shares will have one vote only.An initiative of the central government, the
companies will function under the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK). The initial grants
for starting the companies will be funded by NABARD.

"We have received a grant of Rs 9 lakh for this initiative. KVK will guide the
companies for three years after which they have to function on their own," said
Shinoj Subramanian, project coordinator. He said that there would be a
ten-member director board and KVK would appoint a CEO.Joseph T K, a farmer
member of PVFPVC said that the company would help the farmers in producing
additional products, export and also marketing and branding of the nutmegs.
"They have medicinal value, used in food and also as a digestive."He said that
as of now, nutmegs were being brought by traders in Kalady and Erattupetta. "If
the nutmeg is not picked afresh just when it falls, it catches fungus. Then it
cannot be used for medicine. So a good amount of nutmegs get lost in this
process leading to huge losses. We hope to address these issues as a cluster.
Professional advice can be sought and if any solutions are needed, expenses can
be shared," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Farmer producer cos to cultivate nutmeg, pokkali

SECTION: KOCHI

LENGTH: 327 words


KOCHI: To help farmers increase the quandity of their produce and market it
efficiently with profit, farmer producer companies are being initiated. Two
farmer producer companies have registered in Ernakulam with the registrar of
companies under the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA).The companies with 50
farmers each, will soon start functioning at Kothamangalam and Ernakulam.
Periyar Valley Farmer Producer Company (PVFPVC) has members cultivating nutmeg
and other spices grown in the highranges while the second company is Pokkali
Farmer Producer Company which will have farmers cultivating pokkali and organic
rice.Anybody, who is a farmer, can become a member of the company but he/she
will not be allowed to sell the shares to another and despite the number of
shares will have one vote only.An initiative of the central government, the
companies will function under the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK). The initial grants
for starting the companies will be funded by NABARD.

"We have received a grant of Rs 9 lakh for this initiative. KVK will guide the
companies for three years after which they have to function on their own," said
Shinoj Subramanian, project coordinator. He said that there would be a
ten-member director board and KVK would appoint a CEO.Joseph T K, a farmer
member of PVFPVC said that the company would help the farmers in producing
additional products, export and also marketing and branding of the nutmegs.
"They have medicinal value, used in food and also as a digestive."He said that
as of now, nutmegs were being brought by traders in Kalady and Erattupetta. "If
the nutmeg is not picked afresh just when it falls, it catches fungus. Then it
cannot be used for medicine. So a good amount of nutmegs get lost in this
process leading to huge losses. We hope to address these issues as a cluster.
Professional advice can be sought and if any solutions are needed, expenses can
be shared," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

NMSU hosts farmers' market workshop in Silver City

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 504 words


For the Headlight

SILVER CITY, N.M. -- How does a grower take advantage of direct marketing at a
farmers' market? That question and many more will be answered at a free workshop
from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 23, at the Grant County
Administration Center, 1400 Highway 180 E. Admission is free.

The event is jointly sponsored by the NMSU Cooperative Extension Service, the
New Mexico Farmers' Market Association and Farm to Table.

"With 58 farmers' markets now in New Mexico, there is more demand than ever for
locally grown food. Gross sales have been on the rise, but in many cases farmers
can use some outside assistance to help make their operations more profitable.
These workshops connect farmers to new ideas and good resources for working into
the future," said Denise Miller, executive director of the New Mexico Farmers'
Marketing Association.

With the increased opportunities to market their produce through farmers'
markets, growers can get help from NMSU's Cooperative Extension Service to
increase their profits through the sale of high-value crops and value-added
products.

"Farmers' markets are a growing direct-marketing arena where the business
transaction occurs between the grower and the consumer. Through these workshops
we want to help producers reduce their risk and increase their profits," said
Michael Patrick, NMSU Extension community resource and economic development
specialist, who is coordinating the program, which is funded by a Western Center
for Risk Management Education grant.

Growers attending the workshop will learn from NMSU Extension specialists
Stephanie Walker and Ron Walser about specialty crops like asparagus, winter
squash, tomatoes, apples, blackberries, raspberries and strawberries. Judy
O'Loughlin, Grant County Extension home economist, will show attendees how to
create value-added products. Such as jams and jellies.

The business side of direct marketing -- producing for profit by selecting
specialty crops and products, evaluating costs and returns, developing a
business plan, and merchandizing and marketing -- will be presented by Michael
Patrick and Anil Rupasingha, Extension community resource and economic
development specialists; Carlos Mayen Solorzano, assistant professor of
agricultural economics and agricultural business; and Sharlene Alexander, past
manager of the Silver City Farmers' Market.

The program will also feature the following presentations:

Understanding state regulations regarding producing value-added products in home
kitchens and commercial kitchens will be presented by Nancy Flores, Extension
food technology specialist.

Organic soil enhancement will be discussed by Robert Flynn, Extension
agronomist.

rigation technologies for small-scale producers will be presented by Craig
Runyan, Extension water specialist.

Organic production and organic certification will be presented by Micahael
Alexander, former New Mexico Organic Commodity Commission inspector.

To register call the Grant County Extension Office at (575) 388-1559.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               February 19, 2013

Help is available

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 452  words



HIGHLIGHT: South Burnett's hardest hit now eligible for concessional loans
through Category D disaster funding


FOLLOWING the onslaught of ex-tropical cyclone Oswald, various forms of
assistance have become available to South Burnett residents, businesses and
farmers.

Minister for Local Government, Community Recovery and Resilience David
Crisafulli said the funding assistance was in response to a clear need from the
community.

"There's been so much hardship over the past few years in some communities that
the least we can do as a government is provide support quickly and efficiently,"
Mr Crisafulli said.

"In many cases, farmers and businesses that were still recovering from the 2011
floods have been set back even further.

"We need regional Queensland to thrive if we're to build a strong four-pillar
economy and that's why we're determined to avoid the mistakes of the past.

"We've got a window of opportunity to actually get the partnership between all
levels of government right, to not only rebuild communities, but to help them
thrive for generations to come."

Addressing the needs of the worst hit farmers has been a hard fought battle for
those in local and state leadership positions with the degree of damage varying
greatly across the region.

But on the weekend funding for primary producers in the South Burnett region was
upgraded to extend to category D.

This allows successful applicants to access a loan and grant package up to the
value of $650,000 under the exceptional disaster assistance scheme.

Category D assistance will be made available to those primary producers who
suffered damage to the extent that previously announced assistance measures
would not be enough to restore their business.

The $650,000 figure included a grant of up to $50,000 with the remaining loan
value being interest and repayment free for the first two years of the loan with
a 1.7% interest rate beginning after that.

Previously farmers were only eligible for the same level of funding as business
owners and not-for-profit organisations under the Category C package.

Business owners and not-for-profit organisations are able to apply for clean-up
and recovery grants to the value of $25,000 under Natural Disaster Relief and
Recovery Arrangements Category C funding.

In addition to this, business owners are able to apply for concessional loans of
up to $250,000 to help get them back on their feet.

Meanwhile South Burnett individuals are covered under the Australian Government
Disaster Recovery Payment.

The payment is a one off payment of $1000 for adults and $400 for children
adversely affected during the floods.

In addition to the above funding, employees, small business persons and farmers
who have experienced a loss of income are able to apply for the Disaster Income
Recovery Subsidy Payment.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             March 20, 2012 Tuesday

Federal grant helps small Idaho dairy add yogurt to its line

BYLINE: Blair Koch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


A Buhl dairy is getting ready to launch a new line of yogurt with help from a
$300,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The grant, from a program called Value-Added Producer, will help Bill and Donna
Stolzfus buy advertising and labels for the yogurt they make at their Cloverleaf
Creamery.

Cloverleaf is carrying the yogurt in its own store now, and preparing to send it
out to the commercial accounts where they sell ice cream, liquid milk,
half-and-half, cream and butter, said Eric Butterworth, the company's creamery
cheese and yogurt supervisor, who spent months tinkering with the yogurt recipe
to get it right.

Cloverleaf Creamery, which opened in 2007, has long planned to produce yogurt,
Butterworth said. The company spent $300,000 on a vat pasteurizer last year to
help incubate the live culture needed in making yogurt. Since the equipment
stirs well, it also comes in handy when the company whips up batches of its
popular chocolate milk.

Bill Stoltzfus said the company decided to make the yogurt have the consistency
of a smoothie.

"In order for us to be able to use the same bottling equipment we made the
yogurt a bit runnier than regular, store-bought yogurt coming in cups, which we
would have also have had to purchase all new cups and lids for," he said. "That
kept our costs down. To start we're going to buy about 3,000 to 4,000 one-quart
bottles. "

Anna Baumhoff, owner of Hands on by Dorothy, in Boise, is providing fruit jams
and jellies that Cloverleaf will use in the yogurt. The company is also
producing honey-flavored plain yogurt, with locally produced honey.

The couple said producing new products themselves instead of simply selling
their milk increases their profits.

Bill and Donna Stolzfus milk about 80 head of cows twice daily. Glanbia Foods
Inc., purchases about 10 percent of the family's milk. But by the end of the
coming summer, Bill Stoltzfus anticipates he'll be processing all of his milk
himself.

The business employs a dozen full and part-time employees. The couple doesn't
want to increase the herd size, but would consider purchasing another small
farm, Bill Stolzfus said.

"We are growing and one day we may have to make that choice. We've never wanted
to add more cows, although we are permitted for more," he said.   "For now,
we're going to focus on where we are. "

Cloverleaf was one of six Idaho companies awarded the Value-Added Producer Grant
in January. There were 298 such awards given nationwide for $40.2 million in
all. The money is designed to help agriculture companies advertise and develop
new products with an aim to build rural economies and communities.

Businesses much match the award.

"The grant definitely came at the right time. We had applied twice before and
now the timing is perfect because we are really getting ready to launch," Bill
Stoltzfus said. "The award timing dovetails perfectly with when we need to buy
labeling, advertising and all of that. "

<a href="http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here
for more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         FOROYAA Newspaper (Serrekunda)

                                 June 03, 2015

FAO Gives D2.7 Million to Nine Forest, Farm Producer Organisations

BYLINE: Abdoulie G. Dibba

LENGTH: 534 words


The Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) has on Tuesday, 2nd June 2015, held
a signing ceremony on Forest and Farm Facility Small Grants with Nine (9) Forest
and Farm Producer Organisations at their headquarter in Fajara.

According to the vacillator, Kanimang Camara, the Forest and Farm Facility small
grants are designed to provide direct support to Forest and Farm Producer Groups
around Forest and Farm Facility pillar one, outcome 2.

Mr. Camara revealed that about thirty groups applied for the small grants but
only nine succeeded as beneficiaries of the grant.

On her part, FAO Country Rep. Dr Perpetua Katepa-Kalala said FAO seeks to
promote sustainable forest and farm management by strengthening capacities of
stakeholders for effective engagement in policies and investments.

She said this engagement is at the international, national and local levels.

Dr . Kalala said Community groups face some challenges in their effective
participation and that a key constraint is access to initial capital to carry
out relevant initiatives for investment and awareness raising.

She added that the FFF Small grant component seeks to in a small way address
this gap by providing modest funding to selected community organisations engaged
in forests and farms.

The FAO Rep said nine community groups were selected in a competitive process
and that the nine groups that have been selected will share $67,400
(D2.7million) and each group will receive between D280, 000 and D360, 000.

For his part, the president of National Farmers' Platform, Alhagie Basse Mboge,
said they have, through the FFF program, made a lot of landmarked achievements
for the entire farming community in general. He highlighted the following:
setting up of a regional taskforce for legal transfer of Communities Forests to
the communities and support communities; FFF support AGFP to conduct its rust
national conference of local forest managers in the country; Support National
Tree planting initiatives during the coming wet season (June- September); FFF
activity had indeed improve livelihood of farmer producers in enhancing value
addition and income generation through product training of fruits trees and
vegetables and handicraft; Most importantly the FFF activity enables farmers to
be part of the ANR working group through the ANR platform which is headed by
NFPG, at a policy dialogue forum and to enable farmers at Regional level to be
part of the Regional Technical Advisory Committee which is one of the pillars of
FFF that is the voice of the farmers be heard.

He concluded by thanking FAO for their active and meaningful partnership with
the Gambia Government and by extension the entire farming communities and the
facilitator of FFF for the Gambia.

Mr. Kanimang Camara and promised that NFPG will indeed ensure that the funds are
put in proper use to the interest of beneficiary members.

The beneficiaries are all Gambia Forestry Platform, REFESA Association, Rural
Development Organisation, Brufut Allatentou Association, Aquaculutre Farmers
Association, Tumana Association for Development, Rural Poultry Farmers
Association, Bureng Adult Literacy Class, Banjul Community based agroforestry
practices and Japanteh Society.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday

Call for bigger Hollywood bait

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 477 words


The film and TV production industry is pressing for a 20 per cent increase in
taxpayer subsidies for big overseas productions to keep Hollywood studios coming
here.

The Screen Council confirms it is lobbying for the main incentive - the Large
Budget Screen Production Grant rebate - to be increased from 12.5 per cent of
production spend in New Zealand to 15 per cent.

The council was playing down a Statistics New Zealand survey released yesterday
that showed United States investment in this country fell 37.7 per cent to $325
million from 2005 to 2006.

But the council - representing New Zealand producers - is worried that the high-
value dollar, coupled with increased Australian taxpayer incentives announced
last month, will put the skids under its attempts to attract productions here.

US productions such as Narnia and the Bridge to Terabithia give work to local
producers but they also mean business for the contractors who service them.

Industry players are relaxed about the fall in investment, saying that
individual projects are so large the production levels can vary enormously year
to year.

There was no big-budget epic last year like Peter Jackson's King Kong in 2005,
and a single project can have a big impact on statistics.

Screen Production and Development Association executive producer Penelope
Borland says producers in Auckland - which is where most of these US productions
are filmed - have found Hollywood studios reviewing their commitments.

Veteran New Zealand producer John Barnett - who made Whale Rider and Sione's
Wedding - says the high dollar means New Zealand is only marginally cheaper to
film in than Los Angeles.

Screen Council executive director Tim Thorpe says there is increasing pressure
from Australia, which is New Zealand's major competitor in attracting overseas
productions.

The lobbying effort to Economic Development Minister Trevor Mallard points to
the Australian Government's move last month to raise its tax-based rebates from
12.5 per cent of Australian spend to 15 per cent.

Mallard is reviewing the Large Budget Screen Production Grant which is available
to films that spend more than $15 million and more than 70 per cent of their
total budget in New Zealand. The scheme started in 2005, and the grants were
dominated by money for King Kong and Narnia.

Last year it fell to $24.41 million, made up mostly of a second payment of
$23.44 million to King Kong.

So far this year the Government has allocated grants of $9.42 million, with
Water Horse receiving $6.72 million and a US children's TV series, Mystic Force,
given $2.7 million.

Film credits

* Taxpayers have given film-makers $90.4 million under the Large Budget Screen
Production Grant Scheme since 2005.

* Peter Jackson's King Kong tops the list with a grant of $48.65 million.

* The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion The Witch & The Wardrobe was given $16.73
million.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $97 Million Available to Expand Access to Healthy Food,
Support Rural Economies

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WICHITA, Kan., March 16, 2015 - In a speech at the National Farmers Union
Convention today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability
of $96.8 million in grants to fund innovative projects designed to support
specialty crop producers, local food entrepreneurs, and farm to school efforts,
which in turn will increase access to healthy, nutritious food for American
families and children. The announcement is part of USDA efforts during National
Nutrition Month to focus on improving access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious
products for millions of Americans.

"Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a sound investment
in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to healthy food for
our nation's families," Vilsack said. "Consumer demand for local, healthy food
is skyrocketing in schools, hospitals and wholesalers. These grant opportunities
allow farmers and ranchers to meet this demand, and feed our nation's kids."

Secretary Vilsack also announced changes in the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program (NAP) to help increase access to the program for beginning,
limited-resource and other producers who do not have risk protection available
through crop insurance products. Many of these producers grow fruits, vegetables
and other specialty crops.

"With these changes, more farmers can enter the specialty crop marketplace with
peace of mind that they have risk protection should disaster strike," said
Vilsack.

The grant programs administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program which covers two types of grants: the Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). Also included in the
announcement is the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School Grant
Program, designed to bring local foods into the school cafeteria. USDA's Farm
Service Agency implements the NAP program, which has been expanded to better
protect specialty crop and other eligible producers from losses due to natural
disasters.

"American farmers and ranchers feed the nation. These grant programs provide
vital support to specialty crop producers, whose fruits and vegetables fill over
half of the MyPlate recommendations," said Agricultural Marketing Service
Administrator Anne Alonzo. "They also support local and regional food systems
that are meeting consumer demand and creating economic opportunities in rural
and urban communities around the country."

Over $63.2 million in SCBGP grants are allocated to U.S. States and territories
based on a formula that considers both specialty crop acreage and production
value. Interested applicants should apply directly through their State
department of agriculture. A listing of state contacts and application due dates
can be found at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

The FSMIP provides $1 million in matching funds to State departments of
agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other appropriate state
agencies. Funds will support research projects that address challenges and
opportunities in marketing, transporting, and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total of
$26.6 million divided equally between its two grant programs. The FMPP provides
$13.3 million to support projects for direct farmer-to-consumer marketing
projects such as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs,
roadside stands, and agritourism. The LFPP offers $13.3 million in funds for
projects that support intermediary supply chain activities for businesses that
process, distribute, aggregate, and store locally- or regionally-produced food
products.

Grant applications for FSMIP, FMPP and LFPP must be submitted electronically
through www.Grants.gov by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 14, 2015. Applicants
should start the Grants.gov registration process as soon as possible to ensure
that they meet the deadline.

AMS will host a webinar on March 25, 2015, to introduce FMPP and LFPP to
potential applicants and a teleconference about FSMIP on March 31, 2015. For
more information about SCBGP, FSMIP, FMPP, and LFPP, including program
background and webinar information, visit the AMS grants website:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSgrants.

With $6 million in funding available, four different types of USDA Farm to
School grants are available. Planning grants help schools get started, while
implementation grants enable schools to expand existing programs. Support
service grants allow community partners such as non-profit entities, Indian
tribal nations, state and local agencies, and agriculture producers to provide
broad reaching support to schools in their efforts to bring local products into
the cafeteria. Training grants are used to disseminate best practices and spread
strategies known to succeed. Proposals for planning, implementation, and support
service grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, May 20, 2015. Letters of
intent for training grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, April 30, 2015.

More information about the Farm to School grant program, upcoming webinars
relevant to applicants, and sample grant applications can be found at:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/farm-school-grant-program.

These programs are key elements of the USDA's Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer
initiative which coordinates the Department's support for local and regional
food systems. The Secretary has identified local and regional food systems as
one of the four pillars of rural economic development.

A recent USDA Economic Research Service (ERS) report indicates that more than
160,000 farmers and ranchers nationwide are tapping into growing consumer demand
by selling their products locally. This segment of agriculture is a vibrant
growth area that is drawing young people back to rural communities, generating
jobs and improving quality of life in rural communities.
    In FY13-14, USDA made over 500 infrastructure investments that create new
markets for local food- including food hubs, scale-appropriate processing, and
distribution networks - that are connecting farmers and ranchers with new
sources of revenue and creating jobs.
    Since the program began in 2012, USDA's Farm to School program has funded
221 projects in 49 states, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands.
According to the USDA's Farm to School Census, schools spent over $385 million
on local food purchases during the 2011-2012 school year.
    USDA has expanded access to healthy foods in underserved communities by
making EBT available at farmers markets. Over 5,000 farmers markets now accept
EBT, and SNAP redemption at farmers markets nationwide rose from $4 million in
2009 to over $18 million in 2014.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Grapes of growth;
With $100,000 federal grant, new winery in Lockport aims to boost region's
economy

BYLINE: By Teresa Sharp - NIAGARA CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 492 words

DATELINE: TOWN OF LOCKPORT


A local family has been working hard to turn a former gravel pit into a
successful new winery and has been awarded a $100,000 federal grant to help
achieve that dream.

Lockport family physician Dr. Nicholas Varallo and his wife, Tamre, along with
their children and extended family, hope to open Spring Lake Winery at 7373
Rochester Road in the next couple of weeks.

They recently learned they had won the largest Value-Added Producer Grant in
Niagara County from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
Division.

"We're very pleased," said Tamre Varallo. "We've paid for this project ourselves
with the hopes of bringing economic growth to the area, so having this support
certainly helps."

She estimated that the family has spent $1.5 million on its project to date.

Applicants for the grants are required to provide matching funds.

A total of 12 farms in New York were awarded grants totaling more than $1
million as part of a $21 million package being distributed to 185 producers
nationwide.

The grant program helps farmers and agribusinesses develop products that
increase the value of agricultural commodities.

A few years ago, the Varallos planted grapes to make a late-harvest Riesling
wine. The Riesling is the "signature wine" that will be sold at Spring Lake
Winery.

The winery also will operate the Wine Barrel gift shop to sell grape-related
products, Tamre Varallo said. She added that the family already is planning an
expansion of another five to eight acres of grapes next year and is eager to
start conducting educational tours.

In the next six months, she added, the family hopes to tap into its spring-fed
lake and start a bottled-water business at their 78-acre site.

"What we take pride in most is that we are trying to combine commerce, tourism
and agriculture here," Tamre Varallo said. "We are trying to find new ways to
build up, restore and maintain the local economy."

She said her husband has been helping make wine since he was a child, learning
the process from his Italian parents. Their children -- including daughter
Cristina, 23, who is currently in medical school, and sons Americo, 24, and
Dominic, 22, both studying business -- also will be involved in this new
venture.

Their mother explained, "This will be a multigenerational business."

Three other local businesses earning matching grants were: Zehr's Farm Market
and Nursery in Burt, which was awarded $75,000 "to develop an integrated
branding strategy that includes signage, containers and marketing"; Blackman
Homestead Farm, Lockport, $25,000 "to implement a business plan for new
vegetable and fruit products, such as cherry and pear butter; and Eveningside
Vineyards, Cambria, $17,600 "to plan expansion of their vineyard and optimize
their marketing strategy."

Liberty Vineyards in Sheridan, Chautauqua County, was the only other Western New
York business awarded a grant -- $98,167 to market wine from Lake Erie grapes.

e-mail: niagaranews@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ronald J. Colleran/Buffalo News Dr. Nicholas Varallo, center, flanked
by sons Americo, second left, and Dominic, is joined by his brother, Dr. Mark
Varallo, far left, and his father, Americo Varallo, in tasting room of Spring
Lake Winery in Lockport.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Nebraska: Lexington winery awarded USDA grant

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


City of Gothenburg, The State of Nebraska has issued the following news release:

Lexington's Mac Creek Winery received a $176,018 value added products grant by
the United State Department of Agriculture.

The grant will be used to expand the winery's market area to eastern and western
Nebraska through the execution of a marketing campaign that involves multiple
media avenues.

The borrower will be providing their own matching funds for 51% of the project
and will create two jobs and save two jobs as a result of the project, in a
community of 10,230 in population.

The winery is family owned and operated by the McFarlands. The vineyard is 12
acres and lies along the banks of Spring Creek. Ten different types of grapes,
including red and white varieties are used to create 15 different wines.

The funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Value-Added
Producer Grant program. The program helps agricultural producers increase their
income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products and
developing new uses for existing products.

The grants can be used for a wide range of purposes. They can support local and
regional food systems, further the development of the growing bioeconomy, and
finance the distribution of local and regional products.

For further information please visit: http://gothenburgtimes.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 16, 1995 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Normandy deal a $700 million windfall - report

BYLINE: Barry Fitzgerald

SECTION: BUSINESS; Mining; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 520 words


A massive sharemarket re-rating of Normandy Mining has emerged as the key
selling point in the group's plan to create a gold colossus with a four-way
merger with its gold associates.

The potential $700 million-$1.3 billion addition to the collective value of the
companies in the merged group emerged yesterday in the release of the merger
terms proposed by the merchant bank Grant Samuel.

Under the merger plan announced on 14 November, the holding structure that has
dogged the sharemarket rating of Normandy - Australia's biggest gold producer -
is removed.

Normandy continues as the listed company after it merges with PosGold (50.1 per
cent owned by Normandy), North Flinders (49 per cent owned by PosGold) and Gold
Mines of Kalgoorlie (32 per cent owned by PosGold).

The terms released yesterday are: 157 Normandy shares shares for every 100
PosGold shares; 71 Normandy shares for every 100 GMK shares, and 425 Normandy
shares for every 100 North Flinders shares.

In recognition of the "blue sky" appeal of North Flinders' Tanami gold
tenements, its minority shareholders are being offered an alternative to the
straight share consideration.

It is 300 Normandy shares plus 100 Tanami options for every 100 North Flinders
shares.

The options are exercisable in March 2000 and carry the right to buy one
Normandy share for each one million ounces of gold found on the North Flinders
tenements, excluding current operations.

The exercise price for each new Normandy share would be 20 cents or the weighted
average Normandy share price for the five days before the exercise, less $2.30.

Grant Samuel gave the example that if 2.5 million ounces were found, the Tanami
option would give the right to acquire 2.5 new ordinary Normandy shares for 50
cents, provided the Normandy price was less that $2.50.

All of the merger terms proposed by Grant Samuel will be the subject of further
independent assessment before being put to shareholders.

Grant Samuel said it believed the merger terms were in line with the market
values and underlying values of the group members, with the exception of
Normandy.

But the shortcoming in Normandy's case is partly offset by the issue of new
options by Normandy to replace the currently out-of-the money May 1996 options.

Grant Samuel believes that a "significant share price re- rating will result
from the merger".

This would flow from the simplified corporate structure, the world scale of the
merged group, the elimination of the holding company discount, the elimination
of the "control" block of shares, increased share liquidity and its dominance of
the ASX Gold Index.

It said a price for the enlarged Normandy in the range of $2 to $2.40 a share
would be consistent with the market rating of major listed international gold
producers.

But it expects a $2 to $2.10 share price after the re-rating, compared with
Normandy's price of $1.75 a share before the merger news and its $1.90-a-share
price yesterday.

A $2-to-$2.10 range gives an equivalent re-rated price for PosGold of
$3.14-$3.30 ($2.66 yesterday). For GMK it is $1.

42-$1.49 ($1.27 yesterday) and for North Flinders $8.50-$8.

93 ($7.60).

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1995 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

West Virginia: Agricultural Researchers To Receive Quarter Million In Grant
Funding

LENGTH: 1634  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.
Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.
The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

1. "Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County. This
project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.

2. "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.

3. "KISRA Farm Expansion"
Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000, Kanawha
County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study assessing
the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty crops
(hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets in
urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia State
University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.

4. "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department of
Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.

5. "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple Vegetable
Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation, $16,000,
Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers to
investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in high
tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.

6. "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.

7. "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.

8. "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant funds
will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch lifter,
and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared basis and
with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will experience
increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for the
community.

9. "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due to
market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of asparagus,
strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban sites. The
program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what conditions
produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be evaluated on ease
of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of sale at market and
market value.

10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in the
Tygarts Valley District"
Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.

11. "VineyardHillsOrchards"
GrowOhioValley,Inc., $25,000, Ohio County.
Throughaninnovativeland-usepartnership,thisprojectwilltransformahighlyvisiblebro
wnfieldintoa fertilebrambleandfruittreeorchard and intends
tofillagapingholeinunsatisfieddemandforlocalfreshfruits in the Wheeling area.
The
projectwillalsoprovideavenueforvocationalskillsandfarmingtechniquestrainingforne
wfarmersandeconomicallyandsociallydisadvantagedpopulations. Statewide: This
project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.

12. "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.

13. "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide. Agriculture
and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for veterans
re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West Virginia
Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs of these
farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the state. To
meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in this
enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.

14. "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission, $3,100,
Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

EU delegation to Azerbaijan launches new grant call

BYLINE: Anvar Mammadov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


Jan. 11--The EU Delegation to Azerbaijan has launched a new grant call for
proposals to support community based initiatives that generate market-driven
income and employment in rural areas of Azerbaijan, the EU Neighbourhood Info
Center said in a message Jan. 11.

The deadline for concept notes is February 21, 2017, the message said.

According to the message, the global objective of "Support to Community Based
Initiatives for Market Driven Income and Employment Generation in Rural Areas in
Azerbaijan" initiative is to foster economic regeneration and job creation in
rural areas of the non-Absheron regions.

The application for this call for proposals is open to small holder farm
producers, agricultural value chain actors, agricultural based rural groups and
associations, small and medium scale rural business enterprises (agriculture or
non-agricultural such as tourism), municipalities and small producers of
handicraft, the message said.

According to the message, specific attention will be paid to people wanting to
start their own business, women, the unemployed, people with special needs, and
internally-displaced persons (IDPs). Proposals containing elements of gender
mainstreaming and creative approaches on how to involve vulnerable groups are
highly encouraged.

___ (c)2017 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170111-1AZ-EU-delegation-to-Azerbaijan-launches-new-grant
-call-0111-20170111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2017 Trend News Agency

                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday
                                  Pune Edition

Quality of film will matter for govt financial aid

BYLINE: Piyush Bhusari TNN

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 504 words


Kolhapur: It's time for Marathi filmmakers and producers to focus on quality if
they want government aid.According to a new state directive,state aid to Marathi
films,which are evaluated by an expert committee,will now be restricted to only
two categories,with the third being dropped.The state tourism and cultural
affairs ministry has issued a new set of guidelines for granting financial aid
to Marathi filmmakers,emphasizing on the quality.According to a state government
notification dated October 30,an expert committee will review films and rate
them in two categories only,A and B.If a film is recommended under category
A,the producer will be eligible for getting a maximum aid amount of Rs 40
lakh,while for category B,the maximum aid amount would be Rs 30 lakh.The third
category,C,which offered a maximum grant amount of Rs 5 lakh,has been dropped
altogether from the evaluation process,with films that qualify under it now
ineligible for the grant.The decision to drop category C was to enhance the
quality of Marathi movie productions,states the notification.With the option of
only category A and B,producers will have no option but to create good
productions to seek the grant.The new rules will be applicable for films
released after May 3,2013.The committee evaluates a film on the basis of 10
criteria,including story,direction,music,editing,cinematography,acting and
overall impact.Films are evaluated over 100 marks;a film has to score 70 marks
or more to qualify in category A,while those scoring in the range of 51 to 69
marks qualify for category B.A movie with less than 50 marks - previously
qualifying for category C -- will not be eligible for the grant.National award
winners and films that have scooped up awards in enlisted international film
festivals will automatically be eligible for category A.The notification states
that only three films of a producer will be eligible for financial aid.If the
aid is granted,there should be a gap of two years for applying for a new grant.
"The new rules will definitely help improve the quality of cinema.Many producers
start a production just to get the aid,compromising on the quality.It is likely
that the number of movies will increase now,and so will the quality," said
Milind Ashtekar,deputy head of the Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Chitrapat
Mahamandal.Filmmakers have hailed the decision,given that a recurrent grouse
remains about films that were made with state aid,but have been strongly
criticized for "low entertainment values".Director Tejas Deoskar said over 150
Marathi films release every year,but only a handful even get noticed."Many
production houses know the loopholes in these directives and can juice up the
aid granted in many ways.I hope both the quality and quantity of Marathi films
will improve with these new set of guidelines," said Deoskar."The new guidelines
will force producers to look at the quality of films.Now that category C has
been dropped,there is no choice but to improve the quality," said producer
Nilesh Navlakha.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 28, 2005

Grants scheme helps give north food firm a fresh look

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 240 words


Gillies Fine Foods, of Dingwall, which adds value to a variety of soft fruit
grown in the Highlands, has a fresh look. It has rebranded and updated its
marketing materials, labels, and boxes with the help of a grant from the
Processing and Marketing Grants Scheme.

Director Su Gillies, one of four employees at the firm, said PMGS had provided a
50% grant towards the £8,018 project.

The firm uses a variety of fruit grown on crofts in the north to produce jams,
jellies, and juices. It also produces its own clootie dumpling plus a variety of
biscuits.

PMGS is funded by the EU and the Scottish Executive and has now helped 55 food
companies to add value to agricultural produce.

Over £5.9million in grants has been awarded to producers and processors and this
has led to a total investment in excess of £17million in the Highlands and
Islands.

The scheme can help towards capital costs plus marketing materials, market
research, product development and attendance at trade shows.

PMGS co-ordinator in the north Mo Shepherd said the executive's environment and
rural affairs department was keen to encourage applications from producers and
processors of agricultural produce in the Highlands and Islands.

She added: "The scheme is open until the end of 2006. The message is that those
who plan to take advantage of it should act sooner than later.

For more information call Mo Shepherd on 01463 253065.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                  © Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Improving Small Farmers' Access to Market in Bihar and Maharashtra

LENGTH: 589  words


Project Type / Modality of Assistance : Grant
Source of Funding / Amount :


Grant 9147-IND: Improving Small Farmers' Access to Market in Bihar and
Maharashtra
Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction : US$ 3.00 million
Strategic Agendas : Inclusive economic growth
Drivers of Change :




Governance and capacity development
Partnerships
Sector / Subsector :


Agriculture and Natural Resources - Agricultural production
Gender Equity and Mainstreaming : Gender equity
Description : The impact of the Project will be the increased income of
small-scale farmers in Bihar and Maharashtra through access to alternative
higher-return markets. The outcome will be the enhanced integration of
small-scale fresh fruit and vegetable (FF&V) farmers, including female and
scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) farmers, into the horticulture
value chains in those states. The outputs of the Project will be: (i) 2,000
small-scale farmers are organized into 20 effective farmer groups (6 in Bihar,
14 in Maharashtra); (ii) 4 well-performing farmer groups are developed into
producer companies (1 in Bihar, 3 in Maharashtra); (iii) 20 farmer groups and 4
producer companies are trained in business, technical, and organizational
management skills; and (iv) farmer groups and producer companies establish
long-term mutually beneficial agreements with buyers.1 The activities comprise:
(i) formation of farmer groups and producer companies; (ii) capacity
development; (iii) facilitation of farmer-buyer linkages; and (iv) project
management, monitoring, and evaluation.
Expected Key Performance Indicators (maximum 5 indicators):
(i) Twenty farmer groups (6 in Bihar, 14 in Maharashtra), comprising
approximately 2,000 farmers, are successfully organized in a financially
sustainable manner.
(ii) Four well-performing farmer groups are turned into self-sustaining producer
companies (1 in Bihar, 3 in Maharashtra).
(iii) Members of farmer groups are trained in business, technical, and
organizational management skills that enable them to interact with markets.
(iv) Farmer groups (at least 20% in Bihar and 50% in Maharashtra) enter into
higher-value markets by the end of the Project.
(v) Project beneficiaries' income increases by 30% within 3 years after the
Project.
Project Rationale and Linkage to Country/Regional Strategy : Until the recent
international financial crisis, India had demonstrated strong economic growth,
averaging 8.7% per annum since 2004. However, growth of the agriculture sector,
which employs about 60% of the country's workforce, has stagnated at about 2%
per annum since 2000. The rural non-farm sector, which is strongly correlated
with the performance of the agriculture sector, has also been slow to grow. This
is primarily because the present marketing and processing systems are riddled
with long and fragmented supply chains, high wastage, poor infrastructure, and
excessive market regulations. These factors have contributed to the sl

Project completion date : 2018-04-30 12:00:00
Major organization : BIHAR DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Address : Department of Agriculture, Barrack no. 13,


Main Secretariat, Patna, 800015

Country :India
Url : http://krishi.bih.nic.in/

Financier:ASIANDEVELOPMENTBANK(ADB),

Financieraddress:AsianDevelopmentBank(ADB)
SouthAsiaDepartment
4SanMartinMarg,Chanakyapuri,
NewDelhi110021India
Tel:+911124107200
Fax:+911126870945
Website:http://www.adb.org /india/
Responsible ADB Officer-Paolo Spantigati
Responsible ADB Division-Environment, Natural Resources & Agriculture Division,
SARD

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $97 Million Available to Expand Access to Healthy Food,
Support Rural Economies

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WICHITA, Kan., March 16, 2015 - In a speech at the National Farmers Union
Convention today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability
of $96.8 million in grants to fund innovative projects designed to support
specialty crop producers, local food entrepreneurs, and farm to school efforts,
which in turn will increase access to healthy, nutritious food for American
families and children. The announcement is part of USDA efforts during National
Nutrition Month to focus on improving access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious
products for millions of Americans.

"Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a sound investment
in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to healthy food for
our nation's families," Vilsack said. "Consumer demand for local, healthy food
is skyrocketing in schools, hospitals and wholesalers. These grant opportunities
allow farmers and ranchers to meet this demand, and feed our nation's kids."

Secretary Vilsack also announced changes in the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program (NAP) to help increase access to the program for beginning,
limited-resource and other producers who do not have risk protection available
through crop insurance products. Many of these producers grow fruits, vegetables
and other specialty crops.

"With these changes, more farmers can enter the specialty crop marketplace with
peace of mind that they have risk protection should disaster strike," said
Vilsack.

The grant programs administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program which covers two types of grants: the Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). Also included in the
announcement is the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School Grant
Program, designed to bring local foods into the school cafeteria. USDA's Farm
Service Agency implements the NAP program, which has been expanded to better
protect specialty crop and other eligible producers from losses due to natural
disasters.

"American farmers and ranchers feed the nation. These grant programs provide
vital support to specialty crop producers, whose fruits and vegetables fill over
half of the MyPlate recommendations," said Agricultural Marketing Service
Administrator Anne Alonzo. "They also support local and regional food systems
that are meeting consumer demand and creating economic opportunities in rural
and urban communities around the country."

Over $63.2 million in SCBGP grants are allocated to U.S. States and territories
based on a formula that considers both specialty crop acreage and production
value. Interested applicants should apply directly through their State
department of agriculture. A listing of state contacts and application due dates
can be found at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

The FSMIP provides $1 million in matching funds to State departments of
agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other appropriate state
agencies. Funds will support research projects that address challenges and
opportunities in marketing, transporting, and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total of
$26.6 million divided equally between its two grant programs. The FMPP provides
$13.3 million to support projects for direct farmer-to-consumer marketing
projects such as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs,
roadside stands, and agritourism. The LFPP offers $13.3 million in funds for
projects that support intermediary supply chain activities for businesses that
process, distribute, aggregate, and store locally- or regionally-produced food
products.

Grant applications for FSMIP, FMPP and LFPP must be submitted electronically
through www.Grants.gov by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 14, 2015. Applicants
should start the Grants.gov registration process as soon as possible to ensure
that they meet the deadline.

AMS will host a webinar on March 25, 2015, to introduce FMPP and LFPP to
potential applicants and a teleconference about FSMIP on March 31, 2015. For
more information about SCBGP, FSMIP, FMPP, and LFPP, including program
background and webinar information, visit the AMS grants website:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSgrants.

With $6 million in funding available, four different types of USDA Farm to
School grants are available. Planning grants help schools get started, while
implementation grants enable schools to expand existing programs. Support
service grants allow community partners such as non-profit entities, Indian
tribal nations, state and local agencies, and agriculture producers to provide
broad reaching support to schools in their efforts to bring local products into
the cafeteria. Training grants are used to disseminate best practices and spread
strategies known to succeed. Proposals for planning, implementation, and support
service grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, May 20, 2015. Letters of
intent for training grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, April 30, 2015.

More information about the Farm to School grant program, upcoming webinars
relevant to applicants, and sample grant applications can be found at:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/farm-school-grant-program.

These programs are key elements of the USDA's Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer
initiative which coordinates the Department's support for local and regional
food systems. The Secretary has identified local and regional food systems as
one of the four pillars of rural economic development.

A recent USDA Economic Research Service (ERS) report indicates that more than
160,000 farmers and ranchers nationwide are tapping into growing consumer demand
by selling their products locally. This segment of agriculture is a vibrant
growth area that is drawing young people back to rural communities, generating
jobs and improving quality of life in rural communities.
    In FY13-14, USDA made over 500 infrastructure investments that create new
markets for local food- including food hubs, scale-appropriate processing, and
distribution networks - that are connecting farmers and ranchers with new
sources of revenue and creating jobs.
    Since the program began in 2012, USDA's Farm to School program has funded
221 projects in 49 states, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands.
According to the USDA's Farm to School Census, schools spent over $385 million
on local food purchases during the 2011-2012 school year.
    USDA has expanded access to healthy foods in underserved communities by
making EBT available at farmers markets. Over 5,000 farmers markets now accept
EBT, and SNAP redemption at farmers markets nationwide rose from $4 million in
2009 to over $18 million in 2014.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 22, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

AGRICULTURAL GRANTS BOOST ARRAY OF ENTERPRISES/ MISSOURI RECEIVED 16, SECOND TO
CALIFORNIA, WHILE ILLINOIS GOT 5

BYLINE: Eric Morath/ Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The latest round of federal agricultural grants went to an eclectic range of
ventures from hydroponic pepper farmers to soy-based brewers to Christmas tree
growers.

Those operations and 181 others received $28.7 million in U.S. Department of
Agriculture funds aimed at creating jobs and businesses in struggling rural
communities.

The "value-added" grants are intended to increase the price or markets for
agricultural products.

Midwest Greenhouse in Maroa, Ill., received $350,000 to grow bell peppe rs in a
10-acre greenhouse, using water, nutrients and a wool-like rock fiber - but no
soil. The hydroponic process will allow peppers to be harvested 10 months of the
year in a pest- and disease-free environment, general manager Ron Walberg said.

"Virtually all hydroponic peppers are imported," he said. "This grant will allow
us to produce peppers year round, here at home, in the heartland."

The greenhouse should create 25 new jobs next year.

Illinois received five grants in all, totaling $813,000. Missouri landed 16 of
these value-added grants totaling $3.7 million-second only to California.

Missouri grants included:

* $332,119 for the Pony Express Brewing Co. in Garden City to develop a
multistate marketing plan for beer made from soy and traditional grains.

* $55,525 for the St. Louis-based National Christmas Tree Association to study
tree certification labels.

* $20,800 for Premium Elk in Bucklin to supply targeted markets with elk meat.

Supporters of such programs say they can help revive rural economies by creating
jobs and increasing profits for farmers. Critics say the government is spending
taxpayer dollars to create products that consumers don't want in the free
market.

The poster child for such value-added programs is ethanol. Before the government
began offering incentives and tax breaks for the corn-based gasoline alternative
in the late 1970s and early 1980s, it was a cottage operation.

In 1980, 175 million gallons of ethanol were produced. That compares with 2.13
billion gallons last year, which generated at least $4.5 billion in income for
farmers, according to the Renewable Fuels Association.

Sen. Jim Talent, R-Mo., pushed for a value-added grant program while still
serving in the House. He said increasing ethanol production had taken some of
the gloom away from Missouri's corn farmers and thinks expanding value-added
programs could improve other areas of the rural economy.

"The grants help farmers turn from being commodity producers into small-business
people," Talent said. "They are a fraction of what we pay in domestic farm
support and have the potential of creating a self-sustaining agriculture
industry."

Taxpayers should be skeptical of federal government handouts for everything from
ethanol producers to beer brewers in the name of helping farmers, said Keith
Ashdown, vice president of policy at Taxpayers for Common Sense.

"I guess Christmas trees are farming, but that is teetering on the edge,"
Ashdown said. "It's unclear to me why they, and some of these other grant
winners, need to be paid to market their products."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION/ Reporter Eric Morath/ Phone: 202-298-6880

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                               September 13, 2011

BULKING UP;
Electus CEO eyes buys

BYLINE: CYNTHIA LITTLETON and ANDREW WALLENSTEIN

SECTION: NEWS; FILM; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 601  words


Ben Silverman has tapped longtime lieutenant Chris Grant to serve as CEO of his
fast-growing Electus production and distribution company as it prepares for a
growth spurt in its content operations.

Grant, who exited as prexy of Shine Intl. in May, will formally begin his new
gig on Nov. 1 and will be based in Los Angeles. His mandate is to help the
company scout for producer partnerships and potential company acquisitions,
particularly in the U.S. and the U.K., and oversee the expansion of its TV,
digital and branded entertainment operations.

Grant will work closely with Electus chief operating officer Drew Buckley, who
continues to report to Silverman and maintains oversight of digital,
advertising, finance and M&A activities as well as management of the company's
business relationships with Yahoo, Microsoft and Google.

Grant said he was eager to reunite with Silverman at a moment when Electus is
poised to build quickly on the foundation built during the two years since
Silverman launched the company in partnership with Barry Diller's IAC.

"The power of owning rights and formats has never been more clear to us," Grant
told Variety. "To build this company to the scale we want to build it to, it
starts with rights and ownership."

A decade ago Grant was among the founding execs of Silverman's Reveille banner,
which was eventually bought out by Elisabeth Murdoch's Shine Group in 2008 after
Silverman decamped for his turbulent two-year run as NBC Entertainment topper.
Before Reveille, Grant was schooled in the art of international-rights wheeling
and dealing by Silverman when both worked for the William Morris Agency in the
1990s.

At Reveille and Shine, Grant's focus was on international sales and
distribution. At Electus, his attention will be much more on the domestic front,
where he and Silverman see ample opportunities for production company
acquisitions and producer partnerships.

"It's a perfect time for Chris to join the company," Silverman said. "He's going
to be accelerate and help us manage our growth as we build off our existing
base."

Although there is no shortage of competition right now among mid-sized
distribution entities vying for unscripted format rights, Grant asserted that
Electus has a strong selling point to prospective partners.

For starters, Reveille had a strong track record as a pioneer and innovator with
international format licensing, branded entertainment deals and original digital
content, ranging from the U.S. adaptations of "The Office," "Ugly Betty" and
"The Tudors" to the merchandising juggernaut of NBC's "Biggest Loser Franchise"
to Reveille's early Web content partnership with MSN and blue-chip advertisers.
With IAC's backing, Electus has the deep pockets and the partnerships to develop
original content in creative ways - like starting a show on the Internet or in
an overseas market before shopping it in the U.S. market, where nets typically
drive a hard bargain of demanding ownership.

"With the combination of Ben, Drew and myself, we can show a producer that we
know how to drive value through multiple distribution channels, and we can
introduce their ideas to the biggest advertisers in the world," Grant said.

Electus' existing content partners include the CollegeHumor comedy website; Will
Arnett and Jason Bateman's DumbDumb shingle and production companies 5x5 Media,
Notional and DiGa, the latter run by MTV alums Tony DiSanto and Liz Gateley.

Among Electus' active roster of unscripted skeins are VH1's "Mob Wives," NBC's
upcoming "Fashion Star," hosted by Elle MacPherson; BET's "Masters of Mix"; and
Spike TV's "Car Boss."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Efforts to Expand Support for Small and Mid-Sized
Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 1534  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Today in remarks at the National Farmers Union National Convention, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new and expanded efforts to connect small- and
mid-sized farmers and ranchers with USDA resources that can help them build
stronger businesses, expand to reach new and larger markets, and grow their
operations.

"The recent Census of Agriculture shows that there is tremendous growth
potential for small and mid-sized producers in the American agricultural
landscape," said Vilsack. "USDA is taking a hard look at our existing resources
to ensure that they work for producers of all sizes. We've adjusted policies,
strengthened programs and intensified outreach to meet the needs of small and
mid-sized producers. These producers are critical to our country's agricultural
and economic future."

Efforts include improved access to USDA resources, revised risk management tools
that better fit the needs of smaller producers, additional support for hoop
houses, and expanded collection of valuable market news information. USDA is
also introducing a series of education tools focusing on opportunities for
farmers engaged in local and regional food systems. In addition, USDA field
staff will be boosting their outreach efforts to small and mid-sized farmers and
ranchers.

More information about tools and resources available to small and mid-sized
farmers will be rolled out in the coming months, including information about
access to capital, risk management, food safety, and locating market
opportunities on USDA's Small and Mid-Sized Farmer Resources webpage.

The new efforts announced by the Secretary today include:

ACCESS TO CAPITAL

Changes to the Farm Storage and Facility Loan (FSFL) Program to help small and
midsized fruit and vegetable producers access the program for cold storage and
related equipment like wash and pack stations. Diversified and smaller fruit and
vegetable producers, including Community Supported Agriculture programs, are now
eligible for a waiver from the requirement that they carry crop insurance or NAP
coverage when they apply for a FSFL loan. FSFL can also be used to finance hay
barns and grain bins.
 Funding for producers under the popular microloan program. USDA launched the
microloan program to allow beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access up
to $35,000 in loans using a simplified application process. Since their debut in
2013, USDA has issued more than 4,900 microloans totaling $97 million.
 Funding for hoop houses to extend the growing season. Hoop houses provide
revenue opportunities while also promoting conservation for small and mid-sized
farmers. The hoop house cost share program began as a pilot in 2010. Since then,
more than 10,000 hoop houses have been contracted. USDA will soon announce an
additional $15 million for hoop house development in persistent poverty counties
in nineteen states as part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and
Opportunity Initiative.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Developing tools to help small and midsized farmers and ranchers make sound
financial decisions as they plan for their future. USDA is developing a whole
farm insurance policy that will better meet the needs of highly-diversified
producers, particularly small and midsized fruit and vegetable growers. Using
new tools provided by the Farm Bill, USDA is working to reduce crop insurance
costs for beginning farmers and ranchers. And organic producers will benefit
from the elimination of a previously-required five percent surcharge on crop
insurance premiums.

LOCATING MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

USDA's Farm to School Program has put seven new Farm to School Coordinators on
the ground in regional offices to help build direct relationships between small
and mid-sized producers and school districts. One priority area for Farm to
School is creating more opportunities for small and mid-sized livestock and
poultry producers. Since 2013, USDA has invested nearly $10 million in Farm to
School grants that support schools as they purchase from local and regional
sources. In the 2011-2012 school year alone, schools spent nearly $355 million
on local and regional food purchases.
 Expanded price, volume, supply and demand information through Market News.
Market News is now collecting price data on grass-fed beef to arm producers will
real pricing information from the sector. Market News will also soon begin
collecting data about local food prices and volume, valuable to small and
mid-sized producers engaged in that marketplace. Market News provides real time
price, volume, supply, and demand information for producers to use in making
production and marketing decisions. Access to timely, unbiased market
information levels the playing field for all producers participating in the
marketplace.
 Broadened the National Farmers Market Directory to include CSAs, on-farm stores
and food hubs. This information will help small and mid-sized producers find new
market opportunities. USDA will begin collecting data to update the directory
for the 2014 season this spring. The USDA National Farmers Market Directory
receives over 2 million hits annually.

FOOD SAFETY

Launched pilot projects in five states to help small and mid-sized farmers
achieve Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. GAP certification
indicates farmers have met food safety standards required by many retail buyers.
Under these pilot programs, small and mid-sized producers will be able to share
the costs and fees associated with the certification process as a group. Group
GAP efforts are being developed in partnership with small and mid-sized producer
groups in Michigan, Wisconsin, Montana, Pennsylvania and Missouri.

EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES AND OUTREACH

Created a Learning Guide Series for small and mid-sized producers to help them
navigate available USDA resources, available on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food website. The first in this series will be for small and mid-sized livestock
and poultry producers. Additional Learning Guides will be released later this
year. USDA field staff and StrikeForce teams will increase outreach to small and
mid-sized producers using the Learning Guides.
 Launched Small Scale Solutions for Your Farm, a series of educational resources
designed for both small livestock and fruit and vegetable producers. This
includes tips on simple management activities such as planting cover crops to
complex structural practices such as animal waste management systems or
innovative irrigation devices

2014 FARM BILL

The recently-signed 2014 Farm Bill provides USDA with more direct resources to
support small and mid-sized farmers, including:

Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP), which provides grants
to organizations that train, educate and provide outreach and technical
assistance to new and beginning farmers on production, marketing, business
management, legal strategies and other topics critical to running a successful
operation. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $100 million total to BFRDP over the next
5 years.
 Value-Added Producer Grant Program was modified to allow USDA to better target
small and mid-sized family farms, beginning and socially-disadvantaged farmers,
and veterans. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $63 million over the next 5 years.
 Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program is expanded to support both
direct-to-consumer opportunities and other supply chain projects such as food
hubs. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $30 million annually.

USDA FY2015 BUDGET PROPOSAL

USDA last week released its FY2015 Budget, which includes additional resources
to help small and mid-sized farmers and ranchers, including:

$2.5 million to provide food safety training to owners and operators of small
farms, small food processors, and small fruit and vegetable vendors affected by
Food Safety Modernization Act.
 $3 million for Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producers Grants Program to ensure
historically underprivileged rural Americans have opportunities for cooperative
development.
 $2.5 million for a new Food and Agriculture Resilience Program for Military
Veterans (FARM-Vets) that promotes research, education, and extension activity
for veterans.
 $11 million for the Value-Added Producer Grants Program. The 2014 Farm Bill
provides an additional $63 million in mandatory funding that is available until
expended.
 $2.5 million in funding for the National Agricultural Statistics Service to
conduct a survey on land ownership and farm financial characteristics. This
supports an Administration priority that will provide additional demographic
data related to small and beginning farmers and ranchers.
 $1.2 million for the Office of Advocacy and Outreach to carry out these
responsibilities and the provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill related to outreach to
beginning, small, and socially disadvantaged farmers, and ranchers, including
veterans, and rural communities.
 $25.7 million for Departmental Administration to maintain critical support
activities and oversight for the Department, including management of small and
disadvantaged business utilization programs.


For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

Chief secy to intervene in bitter row

BYLINE: RAM KUMAR KAMAT

LENGTH: 454  words


KATHMANDU: The row over sugarcane price will now be discussed between the
representatives of sugarcane farmers, sugar producers and Chief Secretary Lila
Mani Poudyal as the mediation of Industry Secretary failed to end the dispute.

Sugarcane farmers want to retain the last year's price of Rs 481 per quintal but
sugar producers say they cannot offer more than Rs 450 as the price of sugar has
fallen by almost four rupees this year.

As per an agreement between both the sides, sugar mills will pay to the farmers
at the rate of Rs 400 per quintal and if a higher rate is fixed, the mills will
make extra payment to the farmers.

Chairperson of Nepal Sugarcane Farmers' Association Raj Kumar Upreti said
farmers were ready to make a compromise with producers but they should raise
their payment when they decide to hike the sugar price.

Sugar producers, however, should not be allowed to hike the price of sugar after
the deal, Upreti added.

"If the sugar price fluctuates by one or two rupees, neither side - farmers or
sugar producers - should demand adjustment, but if the price goes up by more
than two rupees, the sugar producers should pay us extra and we want this to be
mentioned in the deal," he added. Rajesh Kedia, general secretary of Nepal Sugar
Mills' Association, said producers were ready to pay extra to the farmers but
that should be on the basis of average hiked price. "Farmers should know that we
have paid them the same price throughout the harvest season," Kedia argued.

Last year, the sugarcane price was fixed considering the market price of sugar
at Rs 58 per kg. This year, sugar producers are saying the base price of sugar
should be considered at Rs 54 per kg.

The Industry Secretary, who mediated between the farmers and sugar mills owners
on April 11, had offered to fix the price at Rs 476 considering the Rs 54 market
price of sugar, but the sugar producers declined to accept the price, Upreti
said.

The sugarcane price was fixed at Rs 481 last year.

Bihar's per quintal sugar price of Rs 408 is considered the base price for
Nepal. The government's subsidy of Rs 47 through value added tax waiver and
additional grant of Rs 25 per quintal in the form of sugarcane promotion
allowance were also included in the base price which took the total price to Rs
481 per quintal.

"This year too, the base price in Bihar is Rs 408, the only deduction that could
be justified is the fall in sugar price," he added. According to Upreti, the
Industry Secretary offered to fix Rs 476 this year using the same method applied
last year, but the producers rejected the offer.

" We are not adamant on our stance because we believe both sides need each other
to survive. However, Rs 476 rate is too high for us," Kedia said.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

Missouri AgriBistro on fairgrounds to get upgrades

BYLINE: Nicole Cooke, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


Aug. 19--The Missouri AgriBistro opened its doors during the 2015 Missouri State
Fair and was an instant hit with its farm-to-table offerings. On Thursday, the
Missouri State Fair Foundation received a grant to help even more local growers
use the facility.

USDA Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning announced a $61,899 Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) to the Missouri State Fair Foundation on
Thursday, which will be used to purchase equipment and upgrades to the Bistro's
kitchen to turn it into a certified kitchen.

"What I'm really proud of is this money is going for something that is very near
and dear to us and that's the local original food movement and how we can make
sure that we're bringing good food, we're helping the small farmers, that we're
helping bring food that's healthy and nutritious to our families and to our
children, and what better place than the State Fair that sees the thousands and
thousands and thousands of people coming through to set that example," Dunning
told those gathered in the Bistro.

According to a USDA news release, the RBDG program is a grant designed to
support technical assistance, training and other activities to help develop or
expand small emerging businesses in rural areas.

Turning the kitchen into a certified kitchen will benefit local farmers who will
now be able to utilize a commercial kitchen year-round.

"Our whole purpose is to turn the kitchen into a commercial kitchen, a certified
kitchen, that local producers from Pettis County and all around can come in here
and add value to their product. It can extend their growing season," said
Christi Miller, of the Department of Agriculture. "Right now their cucumbers,
for instance, might be coming out their ears, well they can come in here and
turn those into pickles. They can bring their tomatoes that aren't going to sell
at the farmer's market and turn them into salsa.

"To make this in their own home is difficult and costly to set up that kind of
kitchen to produce food, to add value, but if we can have one here they can all
use, that helps everybody, helps the whole farm community in the area. I think
that's something Sedalia has been lacking is a certified kitchen that the people
can use and that's what we were thinking.

"It's two-fold: it's a way to use this building all year-round instead of just
these 11 days and it's also a way to help them, to give them a place to come in
and use to add value to their product. That's what we do at the department,
that's what we do at Ag Business Development -- how can we help farmers and
producers and ranchers add value to their products and this is just another
component."

Miller explained that she will be working with the Sedalia Area Farmers' Market
to get farmers in the space and help with scheduling.

According to a news release, in addition to the upgrades, the space will also be
available to community groups to rent for functions, caterings and educational
opportunities and will be made available for State Fair Community College and
the local extension office to use for cooking classes or food safety courses.

"There's no telling what will be processed and what will be added value to back
there," Miller said. "I'm excited to see what will come."

Nicole Cooke can be reached at 660-530-0138 or @NicoleRCooke.

___ (c)2016 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160819-SX-Missouri-AgriBistro-on-fairgrounds-to-get-upgrades-0819-20160819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2016 The Sedalia Democrat

                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               September 25, 2002

Pig Cash For Point-Of-Sale Connections

SECTION: News:Environment:Other, Pg.2

LENGTH: 366 words


Grants of up to GBP 50,000 are available to pig farmers to develop greater
co-operation along the supply chain.

The grants will come from GBP 500,000 of promotion money earmarked by the
British Pig Executive to develop the new ideas.

The aim is for pig farmers to be connected directly to the point-of-sale and to
see direct benefits from it.

The initiative stems from the British Pig Executive strategy, the Road to
Recovery.

Meat and Livestock Commission pig meat marketing manager Chris Lukehurst said:
"It is vital the producers themselves can see a direct benefit from each project
and that is the main criterion on which it is based.

"It is all about improving communication and integration all along the supply
chain to develop a closer working relationship and build up trust.

"The eventual aim is greater transparency and a fair division of both costs and
profits among all those involved."

The main criteria for the grants are:

the project must include identified producers who are making a long-term (at
least three years) commitment to the project

the project must include at least one additional partner (a retailer or food
service company) who is also making a similar long term commitment to the
project

all identified partners must be making a financial commitment that is at least
similar in scale to that required from MLC

the project must be able to demonstrate that additional value is transmitted
back to the primary producer

under normal circumstances the project must use the British Meat Quality
Standard Mark at the final point of sale

the project must be open to MLC staff for auditing, measurement and evaluation.

Projects that can apply for these grants may vary in size from small groups of
producers co-operating in the marketing and selling of pig meat on a local scale
through to major national projects.

Grants will be available for individual projects for up to three years after
which they would be expected to be commercially sound and continue running
without additional financial support.

Anybody who would like to find out more information about how to apply for these
grants should contact Chris Lukehurst, telephone 01908 844112.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 Western Morning News

                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 21, 2002, Saturday

CASH DASH FOR PIG FARMERS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 359 words


GRANTS of up to pounds 50,000 are available to pig farmers in Great Britain to
develop greater co-operation along the supply chain, writes DAVID McCOY.

The grants will come from pounds 500,000 of promotion money earmarked by the
British Pig Executive to develop the new ideas.

The aim is for pig farmers to be connected directly to the point of sale and to
see direct benefits from it and the initiative stems from the British Pig
Executive strategy the Road to Recovery.

Meat and Livestock Commission Pig Meat Marketing managerm Chris Lukehurst, said:
"It is vital the producers themselves can see a direct benefit from each project
and that is the main criterion on which it is based.

"It is all about improving communication and integration all along the supply
chain to develop a closer working relationship and build up trust.

"The eventual aim is greater transparency and a fair division of both costs and
profits among all those involved."

The main criteria for the grants are:

l the project must include identified producers who are making a long- term (at
least three years) commitment to the project;

l the project must include at least one additional partner (ie, a retailer or
food service company) who is also making a similar long-term commitment to the
project;

l all identified partners must be making a financial commitment that is at least
similar in scale to that required from the MLC;

l the project must be able to demonstrate that additional value is transmitted
back to the primary producer;

l under normal circumstances the project must use the British Meat Quality
Standard Mark at the final point of sale;

l the project must be open to MLC staff for auditing, measurement and
evaluation.

Projects that can apply for these grants may vary in size from small groups of
producers co-operating in the marketing and selling of pig meat on a local scale
through to major national projects.

Grants will be available for individual projects for up to three years after
which they would be expected to be commercially sound and continue running
without additional financial support.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                     November 6, 2007 Tuesday 9:55 PM  EST

SANCTION FOR ANIMALS IN FILMS: PRODUCERS SEEK SC RELIEF

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov 6 -- Ever wondered what price you pay to employ animals in films.
Ask movie producers and they will scoff at the very thought of bearing their
expense. Its not that the animals charge a high fee unlike actors in films, but
a Bombay High Court order has mandated film producers to obtain prior permission
from Animal Welfare Board in Chennai, violation of which would yield a harsh
penalty.

Aggrieved by this decision, the guild of film producers under the banner of
Indian Motion Pictures Producers Association has approached the Supreme Court.
Issuing notice on the petition filed through advocate Asha Jain Madan, the court
has sought responses from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Censor
Board of India and Animal Welfare Board of India.

The Bombay High Court in its decision on August 22, 2005 held that the Animal
Welfare Board would be the prescribed authority to grant clearance to films
employing animals. The direction came on a public interest litigation filed by
People for Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) seeking effective measures to
curb cruelty to animals during shooting of a film or advertisement.

Unfortunately, the Animal Welfare Board operated its office from Chennai and by
this judgment film producers were put through a tough and tedious process. Said
Asha Madan, the association counsel, "The board office is often overworked as a
result the clearances get delayed by months. In such circumstances, the
producers prefer to pay the penalty instead and release the films on time."

The film producers had no qualms about obtaining permission prior to casting
animals in their films. But the dispute concerned the agency to grant
permission. It maintained that till date there has not been any instance of
cruelty caused to animals.

The association cited in its favour an amendment dated January 8, 2002 made to
the Performing Animals (Registration) Rules, 2001. These rules carry statutory
value since they were framed in exercise of the powers conferred under the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960. These rules provided for grant of
clearance by any authority prescribed by the Centre or State Government in
addition to Animal Welfare Board.

By doing so, the petition claimed that the clearance would be processed swiftly
and efficiently. While on the flip side, the producers could be saved from
paying exorbitant fines.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-561603

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Straits Times

Clintonomics: The Reich view

                               November 29, 1992

Cheng Shoong Tat


Harvard public policy lecturer Robert Reich, 46, leads a team of distinguished
economic advisers competing with Capitol Hill Democrats to influence
President-elect Bill Clinton's economic policies. He is the Director fo Economic
Policy in Mr Clinton's White House transition team and widely expected to be
given a top economic post in the new administration.  CHENG SHOONG TAT read his
best-selling book, The Work of Nations, to trace the philosophical underpinnings
for his economics.

ALTHOUGH THE WORK OF Nations is not a detailed analysis of economic policy
options but a conceptual framework for analysing America's economic future, Mr
Robert Reich spells out four policy recommendations:

To encourage, as "the core of national economic policy", public spending that
would enhance the capacities of Americans to lead full and productive lives,
including preand post-natal care, childcare and pre-school preparation,
excellent primary and secondary education, access to tertiary education
regardless of financial condition, training and restraining, and good
infrastructure.

To eschew trade barriers against the products of any workforce as well as
obstacles to the movement of money and ideas across borders.

To tolerate, even invite, public subsidies to firms that undertake within
America high value-added production, so that Americans can gain sophisticated
on-the-job skills. Such subsidies would not depend on corporate nationality, so
long as Americans workers can benefit.

To ease the transition of workers out of older industries and technologies in
which there is worldwide overcapacity through severance payment, relocation
assistance, extra training grant, extra unemployment insurance, regional
economic aid and funds for retooling or upgrading machinery to high value-added
production.

The combination of strong words for free trade and passionate calls for public
investments in infrastructure and education underlies Mr Reich's prescription
for America's economic ills: "positive economic nationalism".

He recognises the forces of globalisation and the futility of withdrawing from
international trade and global competition when advances in communications and
transport are transforming "national economies" into "regions of the global
economy".

As a result, Americans' economic fates are diverging: those who perform high
value-added, internationally marketable tasks are getting richer, while those
who undetake localised routine production or low value-added personal services
are becoming poorer.

-CONTINUED ON PAGE 8

With Americans no longer sharing common economic interests within their borders,
the old notion of economic nation is crumbling. Mr Reich wonders whether there
will be enough political and social forces to continue to bind Americans,
particularly the highest-paid top fifth, together as one people.

He takes issue with the commonly-held view that the US economic future hinges
upon the competitiveness of its economy defined in terms of such core
corporations as General Electric, AT&T, General Motors, IBM, Kodak and
Caterpillar Tractor because with globalisation, American products have become
international composites in global webs.

Precision ice hockey equipment, for instance, is designed in Sweden, financed in
Canada, assembled in the US and Denmark, for distribution in North America and
Europe, out of alloys whose molecular structure was researched and patented in
America and fabricated in Japan.

Another example: Of the US$ 10,000 (about S$ 16,000) an American pays for a
Pontiac Le Mans from General Motors, about US$ 3,000 goes to South Korea for
routine labour and assembly, US$ 1,750 to Japan for advanced components, US$ 750
to Germany for styling and design engineering, US$ 400 to Taiwan, Singapore and
Japan for small components, US$ 250 to Britain for advertising and marketing
services, and about US$ 50 to Ireland and Barbados for data processing.

In a world of such global webs, the notion of an American corporation or even an
American economy is losing relevance. Instead, the US is no more than a region
of the global economy.

In sharp contrast to his colleague in the Harvard Business School, Professor
Michael Porter, Mr Reich, who teaches political economy and public policy in the
John F. Kennedy School of Government, argues that the countrys prosperity is
determined not by the profitability of corporations that happen to fly the US
flag, but by the value American workers add to the global webs of products and
services.

He believes therefore that increasing the profitability of US-owned corporations
is the wrong vehicle for improving the economic prospects of Americans.

A foreign-owned firm that contracts with Americans to solve or identify complex
problems helps Americans far more than does an American-owned firm that
contracts with foreigners to do the same.

In particular, he opposes:

Restricting foreign ownership of American assets;

Limiting government grants and subsidies to corporations flying the US flag;

Focusing the US foreign-trade policy on opening markets to its corporations,
rather than on corporations that employ Americans to do high value-added work;

Relaxing anti-trust laws to allow American-owned firms to merge into huge global
combines;

Lobbying by former US government officials on behalf of any corporate client of
any putative nationality.

What skills would enable Americans to add more value to the global economy?
Here, Mr Reich expounds his famous thesis on "the three jobs of the future".

Based on the different global competitive positions facing US workers, he
classifies their jobs into:

Routine production services. These are repetitive tasks performed to produce
finished goods tradeable worldwide. They include not only traditional
blue-collar positions but also routine supervisory jobs held by juniorand
mid-level managers like foremen and section heads.

Mr Reich reckons that about a quarter of US jobs fall into this category.

In-person services. These also involve simple repetitive tasks but are performed
person-to-person and therefore not sold worldwide. Examples are retailers,
waiters, cashiers, hospital attendants, taxi drivers and hairdressers.

He believes that the number of in-person servers, who now make up some 30 per
cent of the US workforce, is set to rise.

Symbolic-analytic services. These include all "problem-solving,
problem-identifying and strategic-brokering activities" which, like routine
production, are traded worldwide.  Examples of symbol analysts who manipulate
ideas, data, words, oral and visual representations are engineers, investment
bankers, lawyers, information technologists and film producers.

The manipulation of symbols reveals ways to deploy resources more efficiently,
shifts financial assets, saves time or energy, yields entertainment or new
inventions -all high value-added activities.

He estimates that a fifth of the US workforce are symbol analysts.

The stark reality is that the economic fates of these three groups of workers
are rapidly diverging owing to globalisation.

The routine producers are in direct competition with millions elsewhere in the
world, who will happily work for a small fraction of US wages. And contrary to
popular belief, the challenge from lower-wage economies has not been confined to
traditional blue-collar jobs.

American Airlines, for instance, has over 1,000 data processors in Barbados and
the Dominican Republic entering names and flight numbers from used tickets into
a giant computer bank in Dallas.

Texas Instruments software development facility in India links 50 programmers
-happy to do routine programming cheaply to its Dallas headquarters.

The in-person servers' fate is also declining, though more slowly than the
routine producers'. Although sheltered from global competition, they
increasingly have to compete with retrenched routine producers, school-leavers
not qualified for higher value-added jobs, legal and illegal immigrants and
labour-saving machinery.

To the extent that in-person servers can only earn as much as what
globally-competing Americans can afford to pay them, their economic fortune is
also tied to that of the latter.

But the symbol analysts' global competitive position is strengthening as demand
for their insights grows alongside advances in communications and
transportation. Mr Reich fears that America's cosmopolitan symbol analysts
appear to be "seceding" from the rest of the country, prefering to withdraw to
cosy condos and private clubs, roads, guards and schools funded by private
"taxes".

Their political clout also ensures that public taxes stay minimal and
non-progressive, even at the cost of cutting public spending in infrastructure
and education.

If nothing is done, "laissez-faire cosmopolitanism would be America's dominant
economic and social philosophy".

However, while he sees the danger of "impassive cosmopolitanism", he rules out
"zero-sum nationalism" as a way to bully foreign competitors and shield Americas
routine producers and in-person servers from global competition.

Instead, the US should inculcate in its symbol analysts a sense of community
beyond shared economic interests within borders, now that economic nationalism
has become an obsolete notion.

If the symbol analysts can be made to feel for their fellow routine producers
and in-person servers, they can be persuaded to consume a little less or retain
a smaller portion of their unconsumed income.

The higher tax revenue can be used to spur public investments in infrastructure
and education and enable some routine producers and in-person servers (or their
children) to be symbol analysts or at least apply symbol-analytic skills to
enhance the value of their work.

Such moves would strengthen the global competitive positions of the routine
producers and in-person servers and enhance the economic prospects of all
Americans.


SECTION: Sunday Review; (Cover Story); Pg. 1,SR8

LENGTH: 3094 words

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Reich: Lecturer in public policy at Harvard, friend and economic
guru to US President-elect Bill Clinton. (pg SR1); The US' symbol analysts, who
have global competitive skills, may no longer identify strongly with their
country's destiny (pg SR8)

                 Copyright 1992 The Straits Times Press Limited

                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 467 words


Agribusiness grants

Agricultural producers developing value-added businesses can apply for $19.5
million in U.S. Department of Agriculture grants.

The rural development funds can be used for feasibility studies,
marketing/business plans or working capital for operations, marketing and
farm-based renewable energy products. Eligible applicants include farmers,
producer cooperatives, agricultural producer groups and majority-controlled
producer-based businesses.

Planning grants are capped at $100,000, while working capital grants have a
limit of $300,000. About $1.5 million will be designated to smaller projects of
$25,000 or less.

Applications are due March 31. Details can be viewed at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

Auction earnings

Tri-Point FFA alumni raised $12,000 at their annual auction attended by more
than 200 people. The money will be used for scholarships, conference fees and
other rewards for Tri-Point FFA students at Cullom.

Kris Haag is the FFA alumni chapters new president. Other officers are vice
president Martha Hills, secretary Mary Jane Down, treasurer Denise Hall and
public relations chairwoman Jeanne Moore. Mike Halpin and Mark Froelich were
newly elected to the board.

Genome funding

University of Illinois geneticists have received $10 million from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to map the genome sequence of pigs.

Lawrence Schook and Jonathan Beever already created a side-by-side comparison of
the human and pig gene sequences. The funding will take the research to the next
level.

The $10 million will pay for half the cost of the project expected to be
completed in two years. The pig genome sequence is about the size of the human
sequence - 2.5 billion base pairs located on 18 chromosomes plus two sex
chromosomes. The geneticists believe the research will prove helpful from a
biomedical standpoint, particularly in pig-to-human transplants.

Conservation funds

State and local governments as well as nongovernmental organizations and
individuals can apply for $38 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
conservation grants.

About $20 million will be designated for innovative conservation technologies
and approaches. Another $9.5 million will be for wetlands reserve enhancement.
About $4 million will be available for both grazing lands and the Cooperative
Conservation Partnership Initiative to help partners identify and solve
regional, state and local natural resources concerns.

Applications for partnership grants are due March 7 with innovation grants due
March 20. Grazing and wetlands deadlines have not been posted. Grant requests
can be found at www.egrants.gov.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph

                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Flooded farmers to get funding

BYLINE: MIKE FOLEY

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 404 words


Flood-hit farmers in the Hunter Valley will receive a much needed funding boost,
with grants up to $15,000 available to repair the damage bill from last April's
devastating East Coast low.

The Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery grants are available in the local
government areas of Dungog, Great Lakes, Maitland, Newcastle, Port Stephens,
Singleton, and to parishes of Branxton, Heddon, Stockrington and for oyster
growers in Port Stephens and Brisbane Waters.

Funds were delivered in the wake of the storms for essential infrastructure,
personal or family hardship and also subsidies for primary producers, but
pressure was mounting on the NSW and federal government to provide Category C
funding, for primary producers to repair or replace equipment, salvage crops,
grain and feed supplies and to restore pastures.

Premier Mike Baird said the grants would "provide practical and emotional
support to families and individuals".

"We understand the challenges faced by beef and dairy farmers, egg producers,
oyster growers and others which is why we are committed to ensuring they
continue to receive the support they need to return to normal as soon as
possible," he said.

"This has been an overwhelming and emotional time for many people and this
support will assist families with the challenges they will continue to face in
coming months."

NSW Farmers welcomed the announcement.

Association president Fiona Simson said members were "anxiously awaiting the
outcome of the application for Category C assistance".

"(The funding) will bring much needed relief to the many producers severely
impacted by the floods," she said.

"The announcement is particularly significant for the NSW oyster industry, which
suffered $6 million damage, equal to one sixth of the total value of the NSW
industry."

Federal Member for Paterson, Bob Baldwin, led the lobbying for additional
funding for producers in his electorate.

"I am pleased that after lobbying for my constituents that the State and Federal
Governments have signed off on the Category C assistance," he said.

"This will directly benefit those primary producers in my electorate who are
struggling from the financial implications and flow on effects from the April
storm."

NSW and federal government have delivered $145,000 for the Dungog Community
Support Worker Project to provide practical and emotional support to families
and individuals.

n For information visit www.emergency. nsw.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            October 3, 2000, Tuesday

MetCoal's QCT offer rejected as 'unfair'

BYLINE: John McCarthy

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 459 words


QCT Resources yesterday rejected a joint takeover offer from BHP Coal and
Mitsubishi Development after an independent expert found the bid undervalued the
Brisbane-based coal producer by as much as $475 million, or 69 a share.

In its target statement, sent to shareholders yesterday with an independent
expert's report from Grant Samuel & Associates, QCT said the $830 million bid at
$1.20 a share ignored the company's profit potential and "is simply not good
enough".

In response, BHP yesterday turned up the heat by attacking QCT's management of a
major asset, the South Blackwater mine, which has been dogged by problems with
its longwall operations.

"In our opinion, QCT has a poor record in managing South Blackwater (and) the
valuation of that asset can't be supported," a spokeswoman said.

"There's nothing in the target statement that supports anything above the value
we have ascribed to the CQCA and Gregory assets."

BHP also claimed that QCT's current share price was being kept artificially high
and would fall significantly if it removed its offer.

QCT has a 32.37 percent stake in the Central Queensland Coal Associates and
Gregory projects, where BHP and Mitsubishi are co-venturers, and 100 percent of
South Blackwater.

Grant Samuel valued QCT between $1.57 and $1.89 a share, a price range the
company has not traded in for three years and well above yesterday's close of
$1.31.

Grant Samuel said the offer from BHP and Mitsubishi's bid vehicle, MetCoal, was
therefore "neither fair nor reasonable".

QCT also claimed the bid failed to take into account the value of South
Blackwater which it said was worth between $225 million to $250 million or
higher if MetCoal was able to extract significant synergies by combining it with
operations nearby.

Grant Samuel said the full value of the CQCA and Gregory joint ventures was
between $4.3 billion and $4.7 billion and the full value of QCT was between
$1.07 billion and $1.3 billion, well above MetCoal's valuation of $830 million.

On the downside, Grant Samuel estimated QCT held unrealised losses on hedging of
between $55 million and $63 million.

QCT shares were well below $1 before speculation of a bid emerged in late July.

However, managing director Chris Rawlings said mid-cap coal producers had been
"off the radar" as the dot-com fad and passion for larger resource companies
took off.

"At $1.20 a share, BHP and Mitsubishi are trying to take QCT's strategic
marketing rights to our 32.37 percent share of joint venture coals on the
cheap," Dr Rawlings said. "The price offered does not reflect a fair share of
the synergies they can achieve if they gain control of QCT and its assets."

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

Agriculture update

BYLINE: The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


May 08--Creamery near Fithian gets $300,000 federal grant

FITHIAN -- The Ludwig Farmstead Creamery in rural Fithian has won a $300,000
working-capital award from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help build its
cheese inventory and expand its markets.

The creamery was among 110 ag producers and rural businesses that were awarded
USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer Grants last week.

Using milk from its Holstein herd, the creamery makes "American original and
European-inspired cheeses," the department said in a release.

Ludwig Creamery markets its products directly to consumers through farmers'
markets in three states, as well as restaurants, retail outlets and wineries in
Illinois and Indiana.

"These grant funds will be used to help build the cheese inventory in support of
expanding their market with regional and national distributors," the department
said.

The News-Gazette

University of Illinois

Crop sciences professor: Plant corn before soybeans

URBANA -- It's generally better to plant corn before soybeans, University of
Illinois crop sciences Professor Emerson Nafziger said.

That's because corn typically loses yield faster than soybeans as planting is
delayed, Nafziger said in a UI news release.

Based on trials the last three years, total loss in potential for soybeans is
about 15 percent for soybeans planted by the end of May, compared with an
average loss of about 25 percent for corn planted that late.

The sensitivity of soybeans to day length means later-planted soybeans flower in
fewer days than earlier-planted ones, so planting delays only modestly delay
maturity, Nafziger said.

"We can expect maturity to be a day later for every five days or so later we
plant, but this varies widely from year to year," he said.

The News-Gazette

Agronomy Day

57th annual event scheduled Aug. 15 at research center

URBANA -- Folks who want to learn more about University of Illinois agricultural
research may want to mark Aug. 15 on their calendar.

That's the scheduled date for the UI's 57th annual Agronomy Day.

More than 1,000 people are expected to attend the presentations at the UI's Crop
Sciences Research and Education Center, located off St. Mary's Road on South
Wright Street Extended.

Activities will begin at 7 a.m., with field tours departing from that location,
making stops at research plots and repeating every half-hour until noon.

Topics will include soil fertility, insect management, crop production, weed
control, plant diseases, farm economics and corn and soybean genetics.

For information or to register, visit agronomyday.cropsci.illinois.edu.

The News-Gazette

___ (c)2013 The News-Gazette (Champaign, Ill.) Visit The News-Gazette
(Champaign, Ill.) at www.news-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130508-CM-FARM-BRIEFS-20130508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2013 The News-Gazette

                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: Agricultural Researchers To Receive Quarter Million In Grant
Funding

LENGTH: 1608  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.
Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.
The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

1. "Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County. This
project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.

2. "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.

3. "KISRA Farm Expansion"
Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000, Kanawha
County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study assessing
the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty crops
(hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets in
urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia State
University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.

4. "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department of
Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.

5. "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple Vegetable
Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation, $16,000,
Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers to
investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in high
tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.

6. "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.

7. "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.

8. "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant funds
will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch lifter,
and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared basis and
with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will experience
increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for the
community.

9. "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due to
market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of asparagus,
strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban sites. The
program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what conditions
produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be evaluated on ease
of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of sale at market and
market value.

10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in the
Tygarts Valley District"
Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.

11. "VineyardHillsOrchards"
GrowOhioValley,Inc., $25,000, Ohio County.
Throughaninnovativeland-usepartnership,thisprojectwilltransformahighlyvisiblebro
wnfieldintoa fertilebrambleandfruittreeorchard and intends
tofillagapingholeinunsatisfieddemandforlocalfreshfruits in the Wheeling area.
The
projectwillalsoprovideavenueforvocationalskillsandfarmingtechniquestrainingforne
wfarmersandeconomicallyandsociallydisadvantagedpopulations. Statewide: This
project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.

12. "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.

13. "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide. Agriculture
and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for veterans
re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West Virginia
Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs of these
farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the state. To
meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in this
enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.

14. "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission, $3,100,
Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday

Cattle tag prices on way down: AgForce

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 301  words


QUEENSLAND beef producers are set to receive overdue savings on electronic
cattle tags with a new player in the market today offering a retail price 11 per
cent under current market values.

AgForce Cattle president Greg Brown said the price reduction was the result of
the State Government's recently announced innovation grants which were part of a
$20 million national package for National Livestock Identification System (NLIS)
implementation secured just before the last federal election.

''Two years on from lobbying by AgForce and the Cattle Council of Australia, the
flow on effects of that national funding are about to benefit producers in
Queensland, the country's biggest beef producing state,'' Mr Brown said.

''AgForce successfully lobbied for the Queensland State Government to play its
part and the Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries (DPI&F) allocated
$800,000 to go toward NLIS programs.''

Mr Brown said as of this week, the new market player had offered tags for as low
as $3.03 (including GST), plus postage.

''This is about 11 per cent below the current recommended retail price for NLIS
approved devices,'' he said.

''The bottom line for producers is simple: increased competition should deliver
reduced prices in future.''

Mr Brown said the introduction of the innovation grants was a positive step by
both the Federal and State governments toward making industry traceability more
affordable for producers.

''Although this has taken longer than we would have liked, producers have been
patient and the move by State Primary Industries and Fisheries Minister Tim
Mulherin and his department in implementing these grants is welcome at the
grassroots level of our industry,'' he said.

''We appreciate the efforts the Minister has gone to in order to deliver these
savings on the ground.''

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: MIN


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 7, 2011 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 795 words


Farmers urged

to report damage

EPWORTH, Iowa - Dubuque County-area farmers who suffered extreme damage to their
land from the recent severe weather events should report the damage to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Dubuque County Farm Service Agency office. There is
approval to implement the Emergency Conservation Program.

Kathy Kramer, executive director of the Dubuque County office, explained the
report is done by signing the required application, identifying the damaged land
on an aerial photograph and completing a fact sheet. The sign-up is under way
and ends Oct. 2.

A request may be filed before any repair work is started unless the disaster
created a situation that required the producer to take immediate steps to
prevent further losses. Kramer said landowners will need to explain the type of
damage and give an estimate of ­repair cost. The damage must be of such
magnitude that it would be too costly to rehabilitate the farmland without
federal assistance. The Dubuque County Committee will establish practice
specifications. Cost-share payments may be made up to 75 percent of the
­approved costs with a minimum cost-share amount of $750.

The FSA must complete an on-site inspection and assessment of the damage before
it is repaired to determine eligibility. Cost share will be limited to
restoration back to the pre-disaster condition. No cost share is authorized for
rehabilitation of stream banks, channels, levees or dikes.

Call the Dubuque County office at 563-876-3328, ext. 2, for more information or
go to www.fsa.usda.gov.

Nesting season affects

CRP maintenance

The Farm Service Agency reminds Conservation Reserve Program participants that
maintenance and management activities on CRP acres must be completed outside of
the primary nesting season, which began May 15, and continues through the date
listed in individual conservation plans.

Participants with maintenance issues that require attention prior to the end of
nesting season must contact the county FSA office for permission prior to
performing any spot spraying or spot mowing on CRP acres.

Failure to contact the county FSA office prior to any maintenance on CRP acres
during nesting season may result in payment reductions or possible contract
termination.

For questions or more information about maintenance and management activities of
CRP acres, producers should contact their local FSA county office or visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

New website can help

farmers connect

A new website and mobile application, crop­NAtion, will allow farmers and
ranchers to connect with each other whether they are across the country or
across the section.

The site, www.cropnation.com, is designed to serve as a one-stop resource for
on-the-go information. After creating a profile, users can share information
about their operations, ask and answer questions, upload photos and videos and
access the latest markets and weather conditions.

Anyone with an interest in North American agriculture may register for and use
the free site. The mobile application will be available for iPhone and Android
platforms in late summer.

Grant County team takes top honors

LANCASTER, Wis. - A Grant County team topped the 4-H Livestock Senior Division
Judging Contest held July 25 in Arlington.

Eighty youngsters competed on eight senior teams and eight junior teams. The
teams qualified for the state contest by being top teams at the district Area
Animal Science Days held around the state in June and July.

The top two teams in the Senior Division will go on to represent Wisconsin at a
National Judging Contest. The Grant County team that took top honors in the
senior division included Andrea Patterson, Amber Patterson, Cody Adams and Jake
Adams. They are coached by Dennis Patterson.

Agency selects funding recipients

MADISON, Wis. - The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer
Protection has selected 12 recipients, including two from southwest Wisconsin,
to receive Value Added Services Funding. Proposals were evaluated on the ability
to increase agricultural producers' profitability and access to value added
opportunities.

Value Added Services Funding is provided through the Wisconsin Agriculture
Innovation and Development Center, a private nonprofit organization established
and funded under a grant from U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.
The center is directed by a board of representatives from commodity and farm
organizations.

There was $349,332 of funding. Area recipients ­include:

"¢ Prairie du Chien Opportunity Center - Provide marketing, business and product
development training to local producers.

"¢ Southwestern Wisconsin Community Action Program - Conduct a technical
feasibility study of the frozen vegetable processing plant intended for
Highland, Wis.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    April 23, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

No esthetic theory connects the worth of art to its nationality: Canadian
content: TV producers lined up for government grants so they can create shows
telling us what Canada is all about.

BYLINE: ANDREW COYNE; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; ANDREW COYNE; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Well, lunch is off. To judge by the minute-by-minute news reports, it seems the
whole of what is sometimes ironically called the Canadian television industry is
camped day and night outside the Toronto offices of Telefilm Canada, waiting in
line for funding. Some have been there since last Thursday.

The picture of some of the country's leading television producers clutching
Thermoses of coffee as they wait, like teenagers at a rock concert, for the
bureaucrat's door to open offers a telling glimpse of the industry at work.
Seldom has the willing subservience of culture to the imperatives of state been
quite so nakedly displayed.

Naturally, the folks in the industry are a little upset: Taxpayers, long
accustomed to industry harangues on the necessity of "telling ourselves our own
stories" and other nationalist cliches, might not be so easily separated from
their money if they ever got a look at how the business really operates.

Officially, the story is about a bureaucratic "snafu." The money comes out of
the Canadian Television and Cable Production Fund, a $ 200-million annual
allotment. About half the fund is distributed through the licence fee program,
of which half is tithed directly from the cable companies and broadcasters, the
remainder coming out of the minister's departmental budget -- from the taxpayer.
The money is doled out on a first-come, first-serve basis, to those productions
that meet the usual complicated criteria of "Canadian-ness."

But this year one group of producers got shut out, and they're not at all happy
about it. Which producers would that be? That would be the ones who had already
received assistance from the other side of the fund, which is administered
directly by Telefilm Canada. It seems that before they can go back for a second
helping at the public trough, these producers have to show proof that their
Telefilm grant has been approved. By the time Telefilm got around to mailing out
the notices, a number of leaner and hungrier producers had scarfed up all the
money.

So the jilted producers have done the Canadian thing and filled the papers with
sob stories. As it happens, those productions having to make do on only one
grant include some of Canada's most heavily hyped programs -- shows like
Riverdale and Cold Squad, not to mention Wind at My Back. Without the additional
slice of public funds, we are warned, many of these programs might not be back
in the fall. No more Riverdale! Can the country ever survive?

To bolster their case, the shows with only one grant are putting it about that
they are the truly "Canadian" productions. For, to qualify for Telefilm funding,
it's not enough merely to hire the requisite number of Canadians; the content
itself has to be "distinctively Canadian." What does "distinctively Canadian"
mean? If, say, you did a show about a group of television producers lining up
for government grants, that would probably count.

The programs that did get in under the licence fee program wire, on the other
hand, are dismissed as "industrial Canadian" -- shows like Psi Factor and Once a
Thief that might employ a lot of Canadians, but are indistinguishable from
imported dreck -- as opposed to the proudly, self-consciously Canadian dreck
that Telefilm funds.

But wait a minute: Many of these programs are made by major Canadian production
houses like Atlantis and Alliance -- companies that brag about their
contribution to nation-building every chance they get, to enormous publicly
funded profit. Could it be that we have been conned all these years, that
programs that were justified in the name of nation-building were in fact nothing
more than old-fashioned industrial subsidies?

But is it any more defensible to be enmeshing culture in the promotion of
"distinctively Canadian" themes? I know of no esthetic theory that connects the
worth of a work of art to its nationality. The aim of the program, rather, is
political: to create a national identity, the better to justify the existence of
the Canadian state. That may be an eminently worthy ideal, but it is poisonous
to art. Which may explain the dire results.

In most countries it is held that the arts emerge from that broader fabric of
customs, values and ways of life that make up a culture. Only in Canada is the
reverse held to be true: that with enough public funds, the arts can invent our
culture for us. It doesn't make much sense, whether in cultural or political
terms. But it sure seems to appeal to the artists.


CORPORATE NAME: CANADIAN TELEVISION & CABLE PRODUCTION FUND; TELEFILM CANADA


LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday

The masses like the arts

SECTION: EDITORIAL; CUTS TO CULTURAL GRANTS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 374 words


In justifying the $45-million in cuts to grants for artists his government
announced just before the election, Stephen Harper has repeatedly stressed his
concern for the sensibilities of a notional everyman. He said last month that
"ordinary working people" were unconcerned by the elimination of grants. He also
complained that unchecked subsidies could encourage "creators or producers who
are entirely cut off from public need or public demand."

The Conservative Leader must have been surprised if he saw the attendance
figures for last weekend's Scotiabank Nuit Blanche, a "free all-night
contemporary art thing" in Toronto with 155 works by some seriously strange
creators and producers: just under one million.

Surely some of the hundreds of thousands who braved a chilly night to see an
army of rubber duckies floated onto a pond at Ryerson University, or the City
Hall turned into a giant video-game display, were "ordinary working people."

Such individuals were undoubtedly among the estimated 175,000 who turned out for
Montreal's Nuit Blanche in March, or among the millions of Canadians who enjoy
the work of the many recipients of the granting programs cut by Mr. Harper, some
controversial-sounding (Toronto rock act Holy Fuck, for example) and others not
(The Royal Winnipeg Ballet).

The logical flaw at the heart of the government's rhetoric on grant elimination
- is that the cultural sector, and the subsidies and tax credits that help
sustain it, represent what Mr. Harper calls a "niche issue."

An oft-quoted report by the Conference Board of Canada published this year
pegged the value of culture to our economy at $84.6-billion a year. About 1.1
million people earn their livings from it directly or indirectly, and have cause
to worry about the Conservatives, though Margaret Atwood, for one, went too far
when she endorsed the cultural policies of the separatist Bloc Québecois.

The Conservative government has increased net funding for the Department of
Canadian Heritage. But that gain has largely gone to one-off events like the
2010 Olympics, rather than to working artists.

Given the great value and popularity of their output, Mr. Harper's cavalier view
of the arts should concern the rest of the country, too.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday

agriculture briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 889 words


Iowa groups back groceries contest From their farms to your kitchen, Iowa
residents have a chance to win free groceries - breakfast, lunch and dinner -
for an entire year. Iowans can register for two grand prizes of "Free Groceries
for a Year!" courtesy of Iowa's farmers at www.FarmersFeedUS.org. Upon visiting
the site, consumers can register by meeting an Iowa farmer and learning how that
person produces safe, nutritious and affordable food, according to the
promotion.

Consumers can register with each of the five featured farmers daily through
April 11, the end of the 90-day program. Supporting Iowa agriculture groups
include Iowa Farm Bureau Federation, the Iowa Corn Growers Association and the
Iowa Pork Producers Association. Based on Food Marketing Institute figures, the
"free groceries" have a $5,000 value. Wisconsin farmers reminded of program
Wisconsin farmers who suffered crop production losses due to natural disasters
during the 2008 crop year can sign up for the federal Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency's Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments
program (SURE). Producers in qualifying counties can contact their local county
FSA office to set up an appointment, according to Jared Reuter, Grant County FSA
executive director. He added that all counties qualify for the program in
Wisconsin except Ashland, Bayfield, Buffalo, Clark, Douglas, Eau Claire, Pepin
and Trempealeau counties. The program provides crop disaster assistance payments
to eligible producers on farms that have incurred crop production or crop
quality losses. To be eligible, producers must have suffered at least a 10
percent production loss on a crop of economic significance. To schedule an
appointment in Grant County or for more information on the new program, call
608-723-7697 ext. 2 or visit the Farm Service Agency's Web site at
www.fsa.usda.gov. 'Dairy Team' to speak during Dairy Days Northeast Iowa dairy
producers will have a chance to hear Iowa State University Extension "Dairy
Team" experts share information on emerging dairy industry issues at the annual
ISU Extension Dairy Days. Area locations include Wednesday, Feb. 3, in Holy
Cross and Thursday, Feb. 4, in Ryan. Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. and the
program will conclude by 3 p.m. Organizers say the team provides research-based
information for producers to use in making herd-management decisions. One of the
topics is "Am I Making a Profit?" presented by Larry Tranel, an ISU Extension
dairy field specialist based in Dubuque County for Iowa State University
Extension. Other topics include cutting feed costs without cutting profits and
feed and forage quality issues. A $10 registration fee covers a meal and
material costs. Pre-registration is requested by Friday, Jan. 29, to reserve a
meal. Producers can take advantage of free shaker box testing by bringing a
Ziploc bag of TMR, silage or grain samples for particle size analysis.
Additional information about the two locations is available by calling Dubuque
County Extension at 563-583-6496. Minority adviser sought for FSA panel The
Grant County (Wis.) Farm Service Agency (FSA) office seeks a minority adviser to
serve with the Grant County FSA Committee. An open house will be held at the
county's U.S. Department of Agriculture's Service Center from 1-2:30 p.m.,
Wednesday, Jan. 27. The main purpose of a minority adviser will be to help
ensure that problems and viewpoints of under-represented groups are understood
and considered in local FSA actions, according to Jared Reuter, Grant County FSA
executive director. County committee members and advisers also make decisions
important to other producers throughout the county. Appointments will be for a
12-month period not to exceed nine consecutive years, effective on March 1 of
each year. Phone inquiries can be made at 608-723-7697 ext. 2. Local group plans
Dairy Royalty contest The Dubuque County Dairy Promotion Association is
sponsoring the annual Dubuque County Dairy Royalty Contest. Dairy princess
candidates and/or her parents or guardians must own dairy cattle that are
engaged in milk production. If the candidate or her parents or guardians are
employed on a dairy farm, the candidate still will qualify. Candidates must be
at least 16 but not older than 22 by Aug. 1, 2010. She must be an unmarried high
school student or graduate. She must agree to make personal appearances during
the year, and the County Princess will qualify for the state contest in August
2010. Little Miss Dairy Maid and Prince Farming candidates must be between 5 and
8 years old as of Jan. 1, 2010. They must be the children of parents or
guardians who are actively engaged in milk production. Their duties are to
appear at promotions with the Dairy Princess. Application forms and additional
information are available from Dianne Brehm at 563-583-5446. The application
deadline is Feb. 15, and judging will be Saturday, March 13, at the Comfort Inn
in Dyersville. The annual Dubuque County Dairy Banquet will be Saturday, March
20, at the Dubuque County Fairgrounds. The promotion association also seeks
nominations for the Outstanding Dairy Farm Family Award for the 2010 banquet. To
nominate a family for the award, contact Julie Riniker at 2023 Clear Creek Road,
New Vienna, Iowa, 52065, or at 563-853-3945 by Feb. 8. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 14, 2003 Sunday

Farmer-owned pork operation receives federal grant; Delaware County Meats gets
$29,439 in value-added money

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a15

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: DYERSVILLE, Iowa


A Dyersville-based farmer-owned meat processing business will use a federal
grant to sell more local pork.

Delaware County Meats will receive a $$ @29,439 development grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. The company will use the money to market premium pork
products regionally.

Dyersville hog farmer Dave Kronlage, with Delaware County Meats, said the grant
will help the company increase market share in Iowa. Kronlage said the company
is especially working to increase sales in the Des Moines area.

Kronlage said the company is targeting metropolitan consumers.

"And that is always a difficult job because obviously we cannot compete with the
large packers on an efficiency standpoint," he said.

Delaware County Meats processes pork grown on members' farms. The company
emphasizes product quality, often with the farmers themselves talking directly
to consumers, he said.

"People still trust and respect farmers," he said.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, said Delaware County Meats' grant was among the
$$ @2,810,269 awarded to 19 farmer enterprises in Iowa through the Value-Added
Producer Grant Program.

"We know that when farmers engage in manufacturing and direct marketing, rather
than just selling the raw products like corn and soybeans, that they can realize
higher returns on their investment. So this program is all about fostering these
kind of opportunities for our family farmers," Grassley said.

"By expanding value-added agriculture for independent family farmer producers,
we can help these farmers capture a greater share of the consumer food dollar,"
Grassley said. Farmers receive only about 10 cents from every dollar consumers
spend on food, he said.

"It's going to make a difference in our operations," Kronlage said. The
4-year-old company is showing a profit during a time of low hog prices, he said.
Kronlage said business is brisk during the holidays, when the company ships gift
boxes and Christmas hams.

Processing farm commodities locally also creates jobs and economic activity in
rural communities, Grassley said.

"There's no doubt that value-added agriculture helps diversify the economic base
of rural communities," he said.

The Agriculture Department announced the approval Thursday of 184 value-added
agricultural product market development grants in 40 states, totaling more than
$$ @28.7 million. Projects in Illinois will receive $$ @813,000, while Wisconsin
will receive $$ @517,844.

"Iowa has been very successful in the receipt of these grants during the last
three years," said Undersecretary for Rural Development, Tom Dorr.

Iowa ventures, however, might have a tougher time securing federal grants in the
future.

Funding decreases for the value-added grant program next year. The 2004
agricultural appropriations bill awaiting Senate approval next month sets aside
about $$ @16 million for value-added projects, Dorr said. That is down from
about $$ @40 million this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Inviting Applications for Value-Added Producer Grants

LENGTH: 317  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice, Correction.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service published a Notice in theFederal
Registeron Friday, May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26528), inviting applications for the
Value Added Producer Grant Program. The document contained an incorrect date
forsubmitting paper applications, as well as an incorrect contact telephone
number.
For Further Information Contact

Grants Division, Cooperative Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253, Room
4008--South, Washington, DC 20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374.
Correction

In the Notice [FR Doc 2015-10040], published May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26528), column
2, underFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACTshould read "Grants Division, Cooperative
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3253, Room 4208--South, Washington, DC
20250-3253, or call 202-690-1374."

In the Notice, [FR Doc 2015-10040] published May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26530), column
3, under "4. Submission Dates and Times." The first sentence under "Explanation
of Deadlines" should read "Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight by July 7, 2015."

In the Notice, [FR Doc 2015-10040] published May 8, 2015 (80 FR 26534), column
1, under "G. Agency Contacts," The fourth sentence should read "You may also
contact National Office staff: Tracey Kennedy, VAPG Program Lead,
tracey.kennedy@wdc.usda.gov, or Shantelle Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov,
or call the main line at 202-690-1374."
Dated: May 11, 2015.
Chad Parker,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-11742 Filed 5-14-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                August 18, 2016
                                 First Edition

Partnership boosts value

SECTION: CTY; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 532  words


Outback economic logic has created a new supply chain aimed at adding value to
WA's northern bred pastoral cattle.

The North South Beef Alliance was launched at the McIntosh & Son Mingenew
Midwest Expo last week and was formed to ultimately add extra weight to pastoral
cattle via backgrounding (grazing) on southern agricultural pastures.

This would lead to heavier cattle with more options including live export, entry
into feedlots for finishing, or grass-fed finishing.

The project would also build on north-south relationships while at the same time
improving the continuity of supply into a more targeted and profitable beef
supply chain.

To expedite the collaboration between cattle producers in the pastoral areas and
Mid West producers, the Mingenew-Irwin Group has secured major funding.

Through Royalties for Regions funded Grower Group Research and Development
Grants, the Mingenew Irwin Group's NSBA project has received $475,700, according
to Member for Moore Shane Love and backed by Minister for Regions Terry Redman,
who were both at the launch.

"These grants are across a range of areas and form part of the State
Government's broader commitment to grow the agrifood sector and capitalise on
increasing demand for safe, high quality food," Mr Love said.

Presently, there are four potential grazier participants involving some 10,000
cattle in the NSBA project, including the Forsyth family at Irwin.

Brooke Forsyth, who is the NSBA project co-ordinator, said the funding proceeds
would go towards administration, equipment and workshops.

"To qualify into the project, producers will be required to have suitable
fencing, waters and yards and must complete a low stress handling course," Ms
Forsyth said.

The Forsyths have been backgrounding cattle for many years at their 3600ha Avoca
property, which is 100 per cent in pasture, mostly perennial shrubs and grasses.

The principal of Avoca, Brooke's father Craig Forsyth, said he was turning off
3000 pastoral cattle annually on consignment.

"We don't own the cattle, but find a suitable agreement with the pastoralist on
$kilogram contract," he said.

The Forsyths have a partnership with pastoralists including Lyndon station,
Granite Peak, Liveringa and Mulga Downs.

"It's very low risk, by way of those mustered station cattle that don't reach
export requirements which can now be loaded up on a truck and sent to grazier to
be value added," Mr Forsyth said.

"The cattle were mostly Bos Indicus types including Droughtmaster, Brahman
cross, Santa Gertrudis and Red Brangus.

"We accept cattle as low as 150kg liveweight but are averaging a more acceptable
200 to 250kg animal and there are numerous finishing options targeting either
export or entry into feedlots."

Mr Forsyth said he was averaging 600gramsday on pasture, but the top end can
gain up to 1kgday.

"With 50 per cent of our turnoff going to live export and a rising 40 per cent
sold to feedlotters, there is an uptake in demand for grazed pastoral cattle and
the NSBA is aiming to have 30,000 head on the books in three years time," he
said.

There are plans to showcase the NSBA at next year's Mingenew Expo. For
information, visit www.mig.org.au or call Brooke on 0487 281 007.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

USDA meeting touts programs

BYLINE: D.E. Smoot, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 782 words


April 23--FORT GIBSON -- Creating economic opportunities and improving the
quality of life in rural America are the overarching goals of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development division.

Deputy Undersecretary for Rural Development Doug O'Brien brought that message to
town Tuesday during a conservation workshop. In conjunction with an announcement
about the agency's "record investment" in rural water and wastewater treatment
projects across the country, O'Brien discussed two other programs designed to
advance the division's mission.

The first program includes financial assistance to farmers and small business
owners who invest in renewable energy projects and others that promote energy
efficiency. O'Brien said the renewable energy projects for which funding is
available include biofuel production, wind and solar energy, or "whatever fits
the particular business or farmer."

The second is a grant program "that helps farmers add value to their
commodities" and crops. The goal of the value-added producer grant program is to
assist eligible producers develop business and marketing plans that increase
economic opportunities.

"We've seen across the country in the local-regional food system a lot more
interest among people who want to grow it," O'Brien said, noting the increased
interest is shared by existing farmers and those who are new to agriculture.
"And we know there is a lot of interest among consumers, it's that middle piece
that is missing."

The missing piece is what O'Brien described as "the right market channel" for
the goods produced. He said large-scale producers face risks associated with
price swings and the weather, but if they can produce a crop "there is a place
for it to go." With the local-regional food system, a producer "can realize a
better margin on a per-unit basis," but he or she must "find the right market
channel."

"If we can build those markets ... then that is a new market for something that
is made in a rural place," O'Brien said. "We just want to help families -- to
help private business owners -- diversify the economy of the communities by
helping them create these new markets."

O'Brien said he believes opportunities exist in rural America with regard to
local-regional food systems and renewable energy. There are, however, some
challenges that must be overcome in order to capitalize on those opportunities.

One of those challenges is reversing the flow of people from rural to urban
areas. O'Brien said the nation experienced a population decline of 44,000 people
between 2010 and 2012 in rural counties. He said proportionally that has been
occurring for some time when looking at proportional numbers, but this is the
first time that has happened "in terms of real numbers."

O'Brien said another concern is the growing number of impoverished Americans who
live in rural areas across the country. He estimated about 27 percent of all
children in rural counties live in households with incomes at or below the
poverty level.

"There are some places in rural America that lack the capacity to really take
advantage of the opportunities that are there -- the economic capacity of the
deal flow," O'Brien said. "That is the challenge, and that is our job to meet
that challenge."

To meet that challenge, O'Brien said there is a greater focus on quality of life
issues as well as creating job opportunities through various agricultural
programs. Those programs, in addition to creating job opportunities, include
increased broadband access and support for entrepreneurial ventures.

"Just making sure young people understand there are opportunities for small
businesses -- rural places can be a great place for entrepreneurs," O'Brien
said. "There are some great opportunities, but there are some challenges. Our
job is to support and partner with folks in rural places."

In addition to the agency's local-regional food and renewable energy
initiatives, O'Brien said USDA Rural Development was celebrating Earth Day by
announcing its "record investment" in rural water quality projects planned in 40
states, including Oklahoma. The agency will award nearly $387 million to help
fund 116 rural water and wastewater treatment projects.

O'Brien said having reliable, clean and safe water is essential to the economic
success of every rural community. Funding includes $150 million in grants made
possible through the 2014 Farm Bill and $237 million in loans and grants from
the USDA's water and environmental programs.

Reach D.E. Smoot at (918) 684-2901 or dsmoot@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2014 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140423-XK-USDA-meeting-touts-programs-0423-20140423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2014 Muskogee Phoenix

                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Hells Canyon Journal (Halfway, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2010

ODA Accepting Grant Proposals for Specialty Crop Projects

BYLINE: Hells Canyon Journal staff

LENGTH: 516  words


As of December 30, 2009, the Oregon Department of Agriculture began accepting
grant proposals for project funding as part of a federal program for specialty
crops. Approximately $1 million is available to agriculture industry
associations, producer groups, commodity commissions, and local government
agencies in Oregon.

ODA is requesting one- to two-page concept papers from applicants describing
their proposed projects. Concept papers are due by 5:00 p.m., Tuesday, February
16, 2010.

The federal funds are part of the US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program and authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. Specialty crops are
defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops.
Oregon ranks fifth in the nation in production of specialty crops.

In December, ODA held listening sessions for producers, industry groups, and the
public across the state to receive comment on areas of need and funding
priorities for the 2010 round of specialty crop grants. Based on comments
received from these sessions, ODA has identified the following areas as
priorities for the 2010 funding. They are not listed in any priority order:

Market development and access, both international and farm-direct/local;

Product and varietal development;

Value-added initiatives;

Innovation and productivity;

Consumer education;

Food safety and trace-ability;

Certification and producer outreach, including, but not limited to, GAP/GHP,
identity preserved, organic, sustainability, or other market assurance programs.

An advisory board of industry representatives will evaluate concept papers and
select the top ranked applicants by March 15, 2010. Successful applicants will
then be asked to submit full proposals by April 30 for further review. Projects
chosen to receive funding will be announced by October or November of 2010.

ODA and the advisory board will be looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon producers as well as partners in other states that
share common specialty crops. Projects that benefit new producers or socially
disadvantaged farmers are also strongly encouraged.

Concept papers may be submitted for a project funding level minimum of $25,000
and a maximum of $100,000, and for a project timeline of up to two years.
Applicants are highly encouraged to provide a dollar-for-dollar cash match.
Applications without a match will not be valued as highly as those with a match.

Concept papers can be submitted online and must be received by February 16,2010
at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time to be considered for funding.

ODA staff is available to provide applicants an understanding of the 2010
granting process and requirements. However, to ensure that all applicants
receive equal treatment, staff cannot provide assistance with preparing concept
papers.

Directions on submitting concept papers and other information is available at
oregon.gov/ODA/grants_spec_crops.shtml or by contacting ODA's Agricultural
Development and Marketing Division at 503-872-6600.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEL

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Hells Canyon Journal

                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

Rigorous process to access grants

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 409  words


HAVING spent a lifetime in a government-funded organisation I am well aware of
the need for accountability.

The public purse is not a bottomless pit and it deserves to be treated with
respect.

Having said that the Queensland Reconstruction Authority acknowledges there are
concerns about differing grant, loan and wage assistance provisions operating at
this time as compared to immediately after Cyclone Larry.

In 2007, grants for primary producers and small businesses changed from
non-NDRRA Centrelink administration to NDRRA grants.

The new NDRRA arrangements require a higher proportion of the public funds
provided for relief payments to be supported by evidence of expenditure, as
opposed to what happened in 2006 after Cyclone Larry.

In short, following Cyclone Yasi, there is increased rigour in accessing
assistance packages. Grants of up to $25,000 and concessional or exceptional
loans from $250,000 to $650,000 are on offer.

It might be frustrating but it's fair that there be increased rigour - it is
after all taxpayer's money.

And I believe even more so knowing that from July, most taxpayers will pay
between $1 and $5 a week in extra income tax as part of the flood levee, to help
fund the nation's disaster responses.

Taxpayers are entitled to have confidence that those responsible for dispersing
such public moneys have rigorous processes in place.

Through everyone's reconstruction actions; be they NDRRA grants to producers,
reconstruction funds to councils, or the distribution of donated goods, we must
be upholding fairness and value for money requirements.

As an aside, the authority has now despatched $406 million in advance funding to
51 councils. This was done on April 8.

Our plan was to have this done by June 30, but we pushed hard to get this money
out and circulating.

A final issue of concern for me is the performance by some insurance companies.

The rumours and innuendo of poor service have been boiling over but it is
difficult for me to represent community needs if I am armed with only anecdotal
evidence.

Please let me know the facts of your situation if you believe your insurance
company has failed you. I'm keen to know of companies that have taken an
unreasonable amount of time between conducting an assessment and providing a
determination.

One senior industry representative advised me that home insurance claims not
involving flood damage should be determined within two weeks of the assessment
being completed.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Local Development Project

LENGTH: 404  words


Project ID : P105101
Approval Date(as of board Presentation) : MAR 18, 2010
Closing Date : December 31, 2016
Total Project Cost : US$ 121.70  million
Scope :


The objectives of the Local Development Project (LDP) are: (a) to improve access
o f poor households to basic services and economic opportunities; and (b) to
enhance local institutional capacities among Angola's municipalities. There are
three components to the project. The first component of the project is local
social and economic infrastructure. This component aims at increasing access for
poor households to improved social and economic infrastructures by financing the
rehabilitation and construction of basic public works and the acquisition of
essential goods in response to local development plans and through municipal
grants. To ensure proper operation and functioning of the infrastructures, the
LDP will introduce operation and maintenance user committees. The second
component of the project is local economic development. This component aims at
improving business development skills and participation in markets of selected
producer groups by providing a combination of: (i) technical assistance to
selected municipalities to prepare their municipal economic development
strategy; (ii) technical assistance to 'participating provinces to conduct
sector and value chain studies; (iii) technical assistance and training for FAS
(Fundo de Apoio Social - Social Action Fund) to prepare and implement the
matching grants manual; (iv) matching grants to selected producer groups and
business development service providers; (v) technical assistance and training to
producer groups and business development service providers on business skills,
managements, and marketing; and (vi) organization of workshops on microfinance.
The third component of the project is local institutional strengthening. This
component aims at strengthening the capacities of public entities and civil
society to be inducted in the participatory planning, management, and monitoring
of basic public service deliver.
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : Fundo de Apoio Social

Address : Edificio do IFAL,
Rua do Ifal/Talatona
Luanda

Country :Angola
Email : faz.pdl@gmail.com

Financier : World Bank (WB),

Financier address : The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
USA
Washington, DC 20433
Phone: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391
Team Leader : Manuel Salazar

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Missouri: Beef Initiative Grants

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jefferson: The Department of Agriculture, Missouri has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Nixon convened the Missouri Beef Summit in Columbia to maximize the
potential of Missouri's beef industry and help move the state's rural economy
forward, while at the same time protecting land, air and water resources. The
summit brought together large- and small-scale beef producers with agricultural
leaders and experts to discuss how to grow and improve the herd in Missouri, how
to help producers increase the value of the industry by keeping more cattle
in-state for finishing, and how to better market Missouri beef for its high
quality for both foreign and domestic consumption.


 The Beef Initiative Grants are available to fund research projects that will
enhance our beef cattle industry and allow our state to capture additional
economic value. Grant categories include covered feeding facilities, beef
research, fescue tolerance, innovative solutions and economic impact studies and
small/medium size beef processor modernization.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

EU plans to issue grants for agro sector in Azerbaijan

LENGTH: 370  words


The EU mission in Azerbaijan has launched a new grant call for proposals to
support community based initiatives that generate market-driven income and
employment in rural areas of Azerbaijan.

The deadline for concept notes is February 21, the EU Neighborhood Info Center
reported.

The application for this call for proposals is open to small holder farm
producers, agricultural value chain actors, agricultural based rural groups and
associations, small and medium scale rural business enterprises (agriculture or
non-agricultural such as tourism), municipalities and small producers of
handicraft.

A specific attention will be paid to people wanting to start their own business,
women, the unemployed, people with special needs, and internally-displaced
persons (IDPs).

Proposals containing elements of gender mainstreaming and creative approaches on
how to involve vulnerable groups are highly encouraged.

The global objective of the initiative is to foster economic regeneration and
job creation in rural areas of the non-Absheron regions.

The EU is one of the largest creditors of Azerbaijan's agriculture sector. The
Union is implementing a number of projects in this sphere, in particular, a
joint project worth 40 million euros with the European Bank for Reconstruction
and Development (EBRD).

Moreover, the EU works with the Agriculture Ministry for the development of an
electronic agriculture system and a land information system, implements a
twinning project aimed at developing the veterinary service in the country and
jointly with the Agriculture Ministry and the ADA University aims to improve the
training level of the agriculture specialists.

Meanwhile, the date of the meeting of the EU-Azerbaijan Cooperation Subcommittee
in connection with the issues of energy, transport and environment became known.
The meeting is scheduled for January 26-27 in Baku.

The EU delegation will be chaired by Head of Division for bilateral relations
with the Eastern Partnership countries Dirk Schuebel.

As for the start of negotiations on the signing of a new agreement between the
two sides, the EU said that require preparation of both sides: "So far, no
specific date is scheduled in connection with the start of negotiations."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 823 words


Iowa land opened up

for haying, grazing

DES MOINES - The Iowa Department of Natural Resources is opening up state land
to haying and grazing to help farmers impacted by severe weather conditions.

Most state lands in Iowa do not have proper fencing for cattle, so farmers
wanting to use the land for grazing would be responsible for setting up
temporary electric fencing and watering tanks, making haying more likely to be
the most viable option.

Haying and grazing can start after July 15, when the primary nesting season for
upland birds has been completed.

Land available is primarily the upland grassland areas.

Farmers interested in this opportunity should call the DNR at 515-281-5918.

Pasture walks slated

in Grant County

Two southern Grant County, Wis., pasture walks are scheduled for Wednesday, July
10.

Organizers, including Iowa County University of Wisconsin-Extension, say the
farm visits are designed to demonstrate the value of quality organic dairy
forage production and pasture management in an organic livestock sustainability
plan. Discussions will include farmer expertise and guest speakers on the
importance of keeping forages in a crop rotation to decrease soil erosion and
improve soil properties. Attendees also will learn management techniques to
provide quality pastures for livestock.

The walks are: 10 a.m., Bernard Runde, 2504 Hyview Road, Cuba City, and 1 p.m.,
Don Austin, 1503 Austin Road, Platteville.

Livestock facilities

meeting scheduled

MAQUOKETA, Iowa - A livestock facilities meeting will be held from 9:30 a.m. to
noon Tuesday, July 16, at the Clinton Community College Campus, 501 W.
Washington St., Maquoketa.

Hosted by Iowa State University Extension and the Jackson Soil & Water
Conservation District, the meeting's purpose is to provide information to
producers who are considering feeding cattle under roof. The major focus will be
to compare and contrast mono-slope deep bed pack barns, slatted-floor deep pit
barns, and hoop buildings.

Program speakers for the program include Dan Loy, ISU beef specialist on
facility comparison and management; Greg Brenneman, ISU Extension agricultural
engineer, on manure from different types of facilities and its economic value;
and Lori Schnoor, Jackson County District conservationist, on water quality
improvements to feedlots and funding available. A panel of producers also will
discuss their experiences with different types of facilities.

The meeting is free, and is open to any interested producer. For more
information on the program, call Schnoor at the Jackson County office at
563-652-2337, ext. 3.

Badger Swine Symposium planned

PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - The Badger Swine Symposium will be held on Wednesday, July
17 at the Agriculture Technology Center at the University of
Wisconsin-Platteville Pioneer Farm, 29200 University Farm Road.

The symposium is planned with a number of state and national speakers on
important topics impacting the pork industry. Topics include:

"¢ Pit foaming and research to help control its increasing occurrence in the
Midwest;

"¢ Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome, including efforts being made
in Wisconsin to help control and prevent the disease from being spread;

"¢ Information on "Pig Connect," a website resource for education and buying and
selling pigs, and Grow Wisconsin swine industry perspective.

The program will be free to attend, and lunch will be included with support from
the Pork Check-Off funds. Registration will begin at 9:30 a.m., and the program
will conclude by 2:30 p.m. People planning to attend should R.S.V.P. by Friday,
July 12, to the Wisconsin Pork Association at 1-800-822-7675 or by emailing
wppa@wppa.org

FSA candidate

nominations continue

LANCASTER, Wis. - Grant County Farm Service Agency county committee farmer
candidate nominations continue through Aug. 1, with elections taking place this
fall.

County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and provide an opportunity for farmers' opinions and
ideas to be heard. All eligible farmers are encouraged to participate in the
county committee election process by nominating candidates by the Aug. 1
deadline.

To be eligible to serve on an agency county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in a program administered by the agency, be eligible to vote in a
county committee election and reside in the local administrative area in which
the person is a candidate. The election this year in Grant County is being held
in Local Administrative Area 1, which includes the townships of Millville,
Woodman, Mount Hope, Patch Grove, Wyalusing, Bloomington, Little Grant, Glen
Haven, Beetown, Cassville, Waterloo, South Lancaster and Potosi. Charles
Raisbeck, of Bloomington, represents this area on the committee and is eligible
to run for another term.

For more information, producers in Grant County should call the agency office in
Lancaster at 608-723-7697, ext. 2.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: AGRICULTURAL RESEARCHERS TO RECEIVE QUARTER MILLION IN GRANT
FUNDING

LENGTH: 1674  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

Ever wonder which West Virginia county grows the most corn? (Jefferson was way
out front with 1.68 million

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.

The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

"Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
    West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County.
This project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.
    "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
    West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.
    "KISRA Farm Expansion"
    Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000,
Kanawha County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study
assessing the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty
crops (hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets
in urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia
State University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.
    "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
    West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department
of Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.
    "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple
Vegetable Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
    West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation,
$16,000, Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers
to investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in
high tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.
    "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.
    "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
    West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.
    "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
    Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant
funds will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch
lifter, and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared
basis and with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will
experience increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for
the community.
    "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
    CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due
to market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of
asparagus, strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban
sites. The program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what
conditions produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be
evaluated on ease of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of
sale at market and market value.
    10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in
the Tygarts Valley District"
    Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.
    "VineyardHillsOrchards"
    Grow Ohio Valley, Inc., $25,000, Ohio County. Through an innovative land-use
partnership, this project will transform a highly visible brownfield into a
fertile bramble and fruit tree orchard and intends to fill a gaping hole in
unsatisfied demand for loca lfresh fruits in the Wheeling area. The project will
also provide a venue for vocational skills and farming techniques training for
new farmers and economically and socially disadvantaged populations. Statewide:
This project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
    West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide.
Agriculture and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for
veterans re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West
Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs
of these farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the
state. To meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in
this enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.
    "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
    West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission,
$3,100, Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           January 19, 2008 Saturday

Company switches gears and looks into biofuel additives

BYLINE: RICHARD DUPLAIN duplain.richard@dailygleaner.com

SECTION: NEWS;NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 708  words


Locally produced biofuels are too expensive for New Brunswickers, according to
the province's only integrated biofuel producer.

But biodiesel additives are proving to be well worth the pennies it costs to use
them.

Ray Carmichael is the business development manager for Eastern Greenway Oils
Inc., of Waterville, New Brunswick's only totally integrated biofuel producer.

He said unfair competition from the U.S., high taxes and high fuel prices have a
significant negative effect on domestic production of biofuels, forcing his
company to look into the production of biofuel additives.

The manager of Fredericton's fleet of 27 diesel-burning buses said using a
biodiesel additive costs taxpayers less than a penny a litre and payback is
increased fuel efficiency, a cleaner-burning engine and cleaner air.

Randy Perkins said the city conducted a pilot study last year and quickly
realized savings and a dramatic decrease in harmful emissions.

"We are very pleased with the results and we are going to proceed to use the
additive from Eastern Greenway Oils in all 27 buses," he said.

Perkins said the biodiesel product called 4-Plus Premium will be added to the
buses' fuel supply by the end of February. He said a metering device will ensure
the product is adequately mixed with the diesel.

The high production costs forced the company to develop a value-added line of
products for the domestic market.

"World oil prices are driving up the costs of production," Carmichael said.

His company developed a process in which sulphur, the lubricating component in
diesel fuel, is replaced with oil produced from canola seeds.

The process eliminates sulphur dioxide, a greenhouse gas, that's produced when
diesel is burned.

Last year, Eastern Greenway Oils received a grant of $300,000 over two years to
develop a process to eliminate sulphur from diesel fuel.

The company is totally integrated because shareholders grow the canola used in
the production process.

"We are a field-to-tank producer, and the only one, too," Carmichael said.

He said federal and state subsidies in the U.S. means a litre of biodiesel can
be imported and sold here for about 85 cents. His company can produce the same
produce for sale here at $1.40 per litre.

"No one wants to buy a biodiesel product at that price," Carmichael said.

"We've found that consumers don't want to pay the premium, even if it will help
save the environment.

"We're producing enough to heat our own plant," Carmichael.

He said it's cheaper to grow the canola, sell it as an export product and then
buy the finished product from a U.S. manufacturer.

Carmichael said Canadian governments should step forward and provide similar
subsidies to those provided to U.S. manufacturers.

The tough economic challenges facing Eastern Greenway Oils won't be resolved
soon, he said.

"We are still very active producing and distributing our diesel fuel additive,"
Carmichael said.

The diesel additive eliminates carbon monoxide and heavy particles contained in
black smoke often seen coming from buses.

"We've been hard at work on our value-added lines," Carmichael said.

"Soon we'll be producing industrial grade oils and fluids and domestic products
that will safely clean paint brushes as well as a biopesticide made from mustard
seed."

The federal government recently announced it would provide a $800,000 grant to
BIO-D Energie Inc. to establish a biodiesel processing plant in Clair.

Bio-D Energie, in partnership with Belisle Feeds of Quebec, already produces the
raw material for a biofuel and sends its waste mash to Quebec for processing
into animal feed.

The federal government also announced a $61,000 grant to the Centre of
Excellence in Agriculture and Biotechnological Sciences in Grand Falls.

It will figure out a cost-efficient technology to transform starch from waste
potatoes and grain into lactic acid for use in biodegradable plastics and other
packaging.

"Agriculture is an important sector in northwestern New Brunswick and we are
pleased to support innovative initiatives like these projects," said Robert
Theriault, a director with the New Brunswick Agricultural Council.

He said the programs are designed to be flexible and responsive and are
administered by industry leaders who understand regional needs in the province.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Promotion adapted to households using rice hulls as fuel project

LENGTH: 385  words


Project Number: TGO/SGP/OP5/Y3/CORE/CC/13/05
Country: Togo
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount:  US$ 32,000.00
Start Date: 12/2013
End Date: 1/2016
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: Locality Kovié is one of the largest producers of rice Togo
. In this locality , management of rice hulls has always been a major concern.
Indeed , the producers give no value to rice hulls after the transformation of
wheat. These by-products from the processing of rice piled up and give the place
of production of appearances discharge or uncontrolled dumps . In addition, rice
hulls decompose easily and peasants do not want as compost. On the health front
, they can cause respiratory diseases or itchy skin . To get rid of these
troublesome by-products , producers prefer to put squarely on the fire to make
the scene a little clean. Burning rice hulls releases carbon dioxide into the
atmosphere thereby increasing the accumulation of greenhouse gas emissions.


The project to develop homes adapted to the use of rice hulls as
Grantee: COOPERATIVE CENTRE AND ASSOCIATED rice mill Kovié
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.

country :TogoCopyright © Euclid Infotech Pvt. Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

West Virginia: AGRICULTURAL RESEARCHERS TO RECEIVE QUARTER MILLION IN GRANT
FUNDING

LENGTH: 1656  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.

The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

"Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
    West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County.
This project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.
    "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
    West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.
    "KISRA Farm Expansion"
    Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000,
Kanawha County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study
assessing the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty
crops (hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets
in urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia
State University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.
    "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
    West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department
of Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.
    "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple
Vegetable Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
    West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation,
$16,000, Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers
to investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in
high tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.
    "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.
    "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
    West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.
    "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
    Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant
funds will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch
lifter, and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared
basis and with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will
experience increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for
the community.
    "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
    CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due
to market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of
asparagus, strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban
sites. The program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what
conditions produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be
evaluated on ease of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of
sale at market and market value.
    10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in
the Tygarts Valley District"
    Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.
    "VineyardHillsOrchards"
    Grow Ohio Valley, Inc., $25,000, Ohio County. Through an innovative land-use
partnership, this project will transform a highly visible brownfield into a
fertile bramble and fruit tree orchard and intends to fill a gaping hole in
unsatisfied demand for loca lfresh fruits in the Wheeling area. The project will
also provide a venue for vocational skills and farming techniques training for
new farmers and economically and socially disadvantaged populations. Statewide:
This project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
    West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide.
Agriculture and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for
veterans re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West
Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs
of these farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the
state. To meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in
this enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.
    "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
    West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission,
$3,100, Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Journal Opinion (Bradford, Vermont)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 23, 2013

Specialty ag groups awarded funds

BYLINE: Journal Opinion staff

LENGTH: 246  words


MONTPELIER--Vital Communities and Vermont Maple Sugar Makers Association were
among the nine organizations slated to receive about $188,000 in funds from the
Vermont Agency of Agriculture. The funds originated from the federal department
of agriculture and will benefit Vermont fruit, vegetable and maple producers and
increase access by consumers to locally produced food.

Among other uses, the funds will provide food safety training for farmers,
expand social media markets for Vermont maple producers and support a statewide
community supported agriculture network.

Projects were selected by an independent review committee who reviewed the 22
applications, which had requests of nearly $550,000.

Vital Communities of White River Junction will use their $17,367 grant to open
and expand farm-to-workplace markets for specialty crop producers through
promotion, matchmaking and sharing best practices.

Vermont Maple Sugar Makers Association received $13,000 to increase sales among
maple sugar producers by developing and implementing a comprehensive social
media marketing campaign.

The University of Vermont received $50,000, the largest grant, to increase the
profitability of Brassica farmers by developing low-input management strategies
to reduce Brassica losses to swede midge. Brassicas are a group of hardy
vegetables that include cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower and kale. These plants
thrive in cool climates, are frost-resistant and are noted for their nutritional
values.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JOP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Journal Opinion

                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

FEDERAL ELECTION 2010 Tourism lift for farmers

BYLINE: GREG KELTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 140  words


GRANTS to help farmers expand their businesses into tourism will be extended in
a plan announced in Adelaide yesterday by Agriculture Minister Tony Burke.

Mr Burke said the FarmReady program would support training for primary producers
and indigenous land managers to expand their business into food tourism and
agritourism.

The program would provide $15.4 million, with individuals able to apply for a
grant of up to $1500 to support training and business planning. Mr Burke
announced the move while campaigning in Wakefield for Labor MP Nick Champion.

``The FarmReady program will support primary producers to expand their skill set
and give them opportunities to value-add on their business,'' he said. It built
on the strong track record the Labor Government had in supporting farmers to
grow their businesses and make their own decisions.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Farm-City Breakfast discusses value of agriculture

BYLINE: Heather Mullinix, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 918 words


Nov. 21--At Thanksgiving, many will gather around tables and give thanks for the
year's bounty. From the food on the table to the roof over their heads and the
clothing they wear, many of those blessings began as agricultural products.

"In agriculture, you really do have to have a passion for it," said Jai
Templeton, Tennessee commissioner of agriculture, during the annual Farm-City
Breakfast. "It's the idea of renewal in the spring and the faith to put
something in the ground or livestock. It's the faith and the hope it takes, and
you put your work into it. The payday comes in the fall. It's a pretty rewarding
experience."

In Cumberland County, farm payrolls added $34 million to the local economy in
2012.

Cattle is among the top products in the county, he said, with the National
Agricultural Statistics Services reporting 22,000 cattle in the county. In
addition, 2,100 acres are planted with corn; 24,000 acres of hay were harvested
in 2015; and 7,411 acres were harvested for vegetables in 2012.

There are 764 farms in the county, with two-thirds of those farms reporting
gross incomes in 2012 of less than $5,000.

"We have 67,000 farms across Tennessee. We are a small farm state," Templeton
said. "It's so important to me as commissioner of agriculture, that value of a
small operation. They're holding on and they're reinvesting and keeping the
operation going so the next generation will have that opportunity in
agriculture."

The average farmer in Tennessee is 58 years old, slightly younger than the state
average of 60 years old.

"That's an issue that we have in agriculture," Templeton said. "We have to find
opportunities in agriculture for younger people who want to be involved.

"The want to is there. But if you consider the capital investment, equipment and
labor situation, it's really overpowering for a young person who's not coming
into an operation that they've inherited or some kind of hand-up."

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture offers a number of programs to assist
farmers with investment and enhancement of their operations. Chief among them is
the Tennessee Agricultural Enhancement Program. The cost-sharing program helps
agricultural producers defray the cost of enhancements to their farming
operations. Since 2005, more than $125 million has been invested in 41,646
producer projects. The annual application period is Oct. 1 to Nov. 1 each year.
Funds are available for enhancement programs in genetics, livestock equipment,
livestock working facility cover, hay storage, livestock feed storage, grain
storage, producer diversification and poultry grower.

Templeton said those who had applied for genetics grants should have already
received word of approval, with determinations on other programs expected in
December or early January.

The grants are yielding results, Templeton said, particularly in cattle
production. He recounted a visit to Nebraska recently where he visited with
operators of cattle feeding operations.

"It's another testimony to the success of the ag enhancement program," Templeton
said. "We visited our customers in eastern Nebraska who buy cattle from the
Southeast. Without exception, every one of them talked about the marked
improvement of Tennessee cows over the past eight to 10 years."

During that time, cattle producers have implemented farming improvements in
genetics, handling equipment and education.

"It's gotten the attention of our customers and raised the reputation of
Tennessee cattle. That's something all of us in the farming community ought to
be aware of," he said.

In addition to assisting producers, the ag enhancement program also generates
economic activity throughout the community. The University of Tennessee
Agri-industry Modeling and Analysis Group estimated each dollar spent in the
program generates an average of $3.89 in local economies.

"It's been one of the more successful rural economic development programs in
Tennessee," Templeton said.

The Governor's Rural Taskforce has been working to address economic distress
across the state, with 17 counties identified as economically distressed.

"I was concerned with some of the emphasis on those 17 counties, but as I talked
about the recommendations, it's going to have benefit to all the communities,"
Templeton said.

Among the areas that will benefit agricultural producers is a focus on
entrepreneurship and innovation.

Continuing drought conditions in the state will present some challenges for
producers, with farm ponds in some areas drying up and stagnant water
contributing to livestock losses.

"We're already seeing issues," Templeton said. "As you fly over Tennessee, you
can already see the change in vegetation because of the drought."

The Cumberland/Bledsoe County Farm Service Agency is continuing to accept
applications for the Livestock Forage Program due to the effects of the
continuing drought on pastureland. Those will be processed through Jan. 31,
2017. Denesa Jolley, county executive director, has urged producers to keep up
with time and expenses for hauling water, drilling wells and running pipelines
to alternate water sources in the event compensation for these expenses becomes
available.

Heather Mullinix is assistant editor of the Crossville Chronicle. She covers
schools and education in Cumberland County. She may be reached at
hmullinix@crossville-chronicle.com

___ (c)2016 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161121-XV-Farm-City-Breakfast-discusses-value
-of-agriculture-1121-20161121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2016 Crossville Chronicle

                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Help for beekeepers

BYLINE: Reports from Finance New Mexico

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


The U. S. Department of Agriculture has lots of resources for New Mexicans who
keep bees for profit   and those who have lost hives to colony collapse.

The federal programs are not designed for hobbyists who want to help a critical
species, but even small-scale beekeeping operations can qualify for assistance
building and protecting their businesses. Terry Brunner, state director of USDA
Rural Development, urged beekeepers to research the following programs:

Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP): Because bees play an essential
role in crop production, the Natural Resources Conservation Service is helping
large- and small-scale farmers restore and maintain croplands to support native
bee populations. Landowners who plant crops that provide diverse food sources
for native pollinators might be eligible for financial and technical assistance
through EQIP, including site visits by NRCS technicians, to ensure a proper mix
of plants for optimal bee forage and habitat.

The Conservation Reserve Program (CRP): Farmers who participate in this land
conservation program receive an annual payment through the Farm Service Agency
in exchange for removing environmentally sensitive land from agricultural
production and planting crops or plants that improve environmental health.
Beekeepers specifically are eligible for the CRP's Pollinator Habitat
Initiative.

Value-added Producer Grant: These grants are awarded each year to producers who
use raw agricultural materials to create finished products   for example, using
honey to flavor ice cream or using beeswax in handmade soaps. Grants provide up
to $75,000 for planning and up to $250,000 for working capital to help grantees
manufacture the product, expand marketing or conduct a feasibility study. A cash
or in-kind match is required. Farmers just starting a business or those
considered disadvantaged by gender or race often get priority. The same goes for
small or medium-sized enterprises structured as family farms or cooperatives.

Emergency assistance and crop insurance: The Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program (ELAP) assists producers who suffer
catastrophic loss of their hives due to colony collapse disorder or natural
causes. Beekeepers can secure low-cost insurance for their colonies through
USDA-approved crop insurance programs oriented to apiculture producers; they are
urged to contact a qualified crop insurance agent for information.

Brunner urged beekeepers to call or visit their local USDA office (find a state
map at http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/Area_ %20Office_%20Map.pdf) for details
about the resources available to landowners, producers and farmers. A May 2015
document from the USDA, "Using 2014 Farm Bill Programs for Pollinator
Conservation," offers an overview. It's available at
http://directives.sc.egov.usda.gov/OpenNonWebContent.aspx?content=37370 .wba.

Navigating the USDA website to discover the appropriate program match and apply
for grants or assistance requires persistence, Brunner admitted. But the
potential payoff makes it worthwhile for the producer   and the environment. "We
have all sorts of beekeeping (assistance)," Brunner said. "But you have to be
willing to fill out a lot of paperwork and be able to sell your project."

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bees in the hive.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                               Australian Edition

'Virtual winemakers' to lose rorts

BYLINE: SARAH MARTIN, EXCLUSIVE

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 537  words


A $1 billion subsidy for the wine industry will be slashed in Tuesday's budget,
in a move aimed at ending rorting by "virtual winemakers" and boosting returns
for farmers.

The changes are expected to benefit genuine winemakers, includin-g small
producers, but will curb the prevalence of wine that is often cheaper to buy
than bottled water, known as "two-buck chuck" and sold aggressively by major
liquo-r retailers.

After a two-year campaign by the wine industry to wind back the wine
equalisation tax rebate - which costs taxpayers about $300 million a year, or
$1.2bn over the forward estimates - The Australian has learnt the government has
agreed to overhaul the subsidy blamed with contributing to a glut of cheap bulk
wine.

A tightening of eligibility crit-eria for the tax credit, now worth up to
$500,000 per claimant, will be coupled with a reduc-tion in the amount available
to producers to about $300,000, and a new grant scheme to support promotion of
Australian wine overseas.

The Australian can also reveal there will be a crackdown on companies making
multiple claims and new, stricter, definitions for what qualifies as a winery or
a producer.

The changes aim to end the complex business arrangements often used by large
wine distributors and wholesalers to buy subsid-ised wine from grape growers,
allowing companies such as Coles and Woolworths to sell wine below cost.

A push to prevent New Zealand producers using the scheme has been rejected, but
they will face the tightened criteria.

It is understood that, to remove New Zealand from the rebate scheme, the
government would have had to abolish it entirely and put in place a pure grant
program.

The Coalition also rejected an option to adopt a volumetric tax on wine, a move
recommended in the 2009 Henry tax review and supported by health groups and some
in the alcohol industry.

Assistant Treasurer Kelly O'Dwyer told The Australian changes would be made in
the budget. "The industry has called for reform of the WET rebate as there is
concern (it) has moved beyond the original intent and is being gamed by some,"
she said.

A review into the rebate last year found that it was distorting the industry and
was widely exploite-d by wholesalers, distributors and "virtual winemakers".

The budget will restore the original intent of the rebate to benefit small wine
producers in rural Australia and boost regional tourism. It is expected to be
welcomed by the Winemakers Federation of Australia and Wine Grape Growers
Australia, who have been lobbying to scale back the rebate to restore
"integrity" into the sector.

The groups lodged a joint budget submission saying the rebate had delayed a
readjustment needed in the industry and allowed uncommercia-l grapes to be
turned into bulk wine and sold as cheap cleanskins and home brands.

The WFA and WGGA submission said the exploitation of the rebate for bulk and
unbranded wine was "impoverishing winegrape growers" and diminishing the ability
of winemakers to add value to their brands.Between 2007 and 2012, claims for the
WET rebate jumped by 21 per cent, to about 2000, despite domestic sales
declining in value and production remaining flat. The number of wineries grew
from 2299 in 2008 to 2481 last year.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 09, 2013

Puzzle Over FG Govt N3 Billion Grant to Nollywood

BYLINE: Benjamin Njoku

LENGTH: 654 words


Jubilation has continued to greet the decision of the federal government to
create a N3bn grant for the entertainment industry sub-sector, despite
expression of fear by some stakeholders over the accessibility of the grant.

Last Saturday, President Goodluck Jonathan announced a N3 bn grant to support
the nation's motion picture industry. He also launched a programme known as
"Project Nollywood," which he said will help to support the key components of
the industry's value chain through a dedicated grant.

The President made the announcement at a dinner he held with top Nollywood
practitioners in Lagos, to celebrate Nollywood's 20th anniversary and to
compensate for the problems that practitioners encounter while attempting to
access the loan-styled $200m facility the Federal Government announced for the
industry in 2011.

L-R Governor Godswill Akpabio of Akwa Ibom state; President Goodluck Jonathan,
his wife Patience; Wife of the Senate president Mrs Helen Mark; Nollwood actor
Chinedu Ikediezu (aka Aki) and President of the Manufacturers Association of
Nigeria Chief Kola Jimodu at the Presidential dinner to celebrate Nollywood

Ever since then, the industry has been thrown into wide jubilation, but not
without caution from some quarters.

Commenting on the grant, the president of Actors Guild of Nigeria, AGN, Miss
Ibinabo Fiberesima described it as "a new beginning for the industry." According
to her, the grant remains a plus to Nollywood.

" We cannot but say thank you, Mr. President. This is one President that has
given ear to our yearnings. He has identify with Nollywood, for me it's a plus.
This will help to take us to the next level," Ibinabo said.

However, Ibianbo said, the practitioners are yet to be acquainted in respect of
how to access the fund. For Charles Novia, the gesture is welcome development. "
President Goodluck Jonathan has shown consistency in supporting the movie
industry over the years and that should be commended.

The grant will help the industry redirect creative and entrepreneurial energies
to the next level. I only hope that it would not be mis-directed to other
personal interests but expediently utilised for the purpose which Mr. President
set it up."

Novia however, advocated the need for the grant to be given to industry players
based on merit and additional criteria of integrity and body of impressive work
done as well as potentials of the project.

Speaking in the same vein, president of Association of Nollywood Core Producers,
ANCOP, Mr. Alex Eyengho posited that funding is not the major problem of the
industry, but lack of proper umbrella structure for the industry. He said unless
and until the Motion Picture Practitioners Council is put in place, a hundred
billion dollars pumped into the industry will go down the drain.

" President Jonathan should sponsor the MOPPCON bill as an Executive bill at the
national Assembly and ensure its passage into law." That is what we need in
Nollywood and not dinner," Eyengho stated.

Meanwhile, Mr. President while in his address, reiterated his administration
resolve to continue to give Nollywood every support and assistance to take the
Nigerian movie industry to greater heights of success.

"Encouraged by the feedback we have received from you on our administration's
support for Nollywood, we have further designed a programme known as Project
Nollywood to support the key components of the industry's value chain through a
dedicated grant totaling N3bn.

It will include capacity development fund and funds to support the industry's
infrastructure. The scheme, which will be launched in the first week of April,
will be managed by the Ministry of Finance in collaboration with the Ministry of
Culture and Tourism."

Yet, it was a twin-booty for the industry as Akwa Ibom State Governor, Godswill
Akpabio, also tickled the gathering by endowing the 'Goodluck Jonathan Prize for
Best Producer, Actor and Actresses', worth N50m.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA Announces $96 Million in Available Funding to Support Local Food,
Specialty Crops and Farm to School Efforts

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee,
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has made almost
$96 million available for innovative agricultural projects that will help
Americans gain better access to healthy, nutritious food.

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) administered the grants, which include
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State Marketing
Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program (LFPP). The USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School
Program grants, also included in the announcement, are designed to help
qualified entities implement farm to school programs that improve access to
local foods in eligible schools.

"Today, there is a high demand for fresh, healthy food," Hoeven said. "These
grants will help our nation's food producers expand their market opportunities,
and also help families and schools have better access to nutritious food."

The SCBGP grants are distributed to states and territories based on a formula
that takes into account both specialty crop acreage and production value. These
grants reflect just one of the ways Senator Hoeven is working to make sure the
farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota's producers. Last
spring, Hoeven announced that USDA had awarded grant funding to the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture through SCBGP that was reauthorized in the 2014 farm
bill.

Interested SCBGP applicants should apply through their State department of
agriculture. State contacts and application due dates can be found here.

The FSMIP funds will support research projects that aim to address challenges
and opportunities in marketing, transporting and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program will divide funding equally
between its two grant programs: the FMPP, which supports direct
farmer-to-consumer marketing projects, e.g. farmers markets, community-supported
agriculture programs, agritourism, while the LFPP funds projects that support
intermediary supply chain activities for food products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Minnesota: MDA awards $2 million in Livestock Investment Grants

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $2 million in
Livestock Investment Grants to 104 Minnesota livestock farmers in Fiscal Year
2016. Grantees will use the funds to make purchases or improvements to their
livestock operations.


 Minnesota's livestock sector is valued at nearly $9 billion, making Minnesota
the 8th largest livestock-producing state in the nation. An estimated 989
construction jobs and 256 full- or part-time jobs on Minnesota farms were
created as a result of this round of Livestock Investment Grants.
 "Minnesota has some of the strongest livestock producers in the country, made
up of large and small family operations, and all of them add value to
Minnesota's economy. The state of Minnesota has been a strong partner with these
producers," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "The Livestock Investment Grant
initiative has helped more than 600 livestock farmers expand and diversify their
businesses. We are proud of this work, and will build on these successes, to
create more opportunities for Minnesota farmers."
 Jeff Statz of Richmond used grant funds to remodel his current dairy barn and
install automatic calf feeders to increase efficiency, according to MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand.
 "The calves are now housed in a remodeled dairy barn with improved ventilation
and lighting," said Weinand. "What's also great about this project is that it
will support the transition of the ownership of this family dairy to Statz and
his brother from their parents."
 Farmers wishing to apply for the next round of Livestock Investment Grants may
submit online applications through December 16, 2016.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Minnesota: MDA awards $2 million in Livestock Investment Grants

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $2 million in
Livestock Investment Grants to 104 Minnesota livestock farmers in Fiscal Year
2016. Grantees will use the funds to make purchases or improvements to their
livestock operations.


 Minnesota's livestock sector is valued at nearly $9 billion, making Minnesota
the 8th largest livestock-producing state in the nation. An estimated 989
construction jobs and 256 full- or part-time jobs on Minnesota farms were
created as a result of this round of Livestock Investment Grants.
 "Minnesota has some of the strongest livestock producers in the country, made
up of large and small family operations, and all of them add value to
Minnesota's economy. The state of Minnesota has been a strong partner with these
producers," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "The Livestock Investment Grant
initiative has helped more than 600 livestock farmers expand and diversify their
businesses. We are proud of this work, and will build on these successes, to
create more opportunities for Minnesota farmers."
 Jeff Statz of Richmond used grant funds to remodel his current dairy barn and
install automatic calf feeders to increase efficiency, according to MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand.
 "The calves are now housed in a remodeled dairy barn with improved ventilation
and lighting," said Weinand. "What's also great about this project is that it
will support the transition of the ownership of this family dairy to Statz and
his brother from their parents."
 Farmers wishing to apply for the next round of Livestock Investment Grants may
submit online applications through December 16, 2016.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: MDA awards $2 million in Livestock Investment Grants

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $2 million in
Livestock Investment Grants to 104 Minnesota livestock farmers in Fiscal Year
2016. Grantees will use the funds to make purchases or improvements to their
livestock operations.


 Minnesota's livestock sector is valued at nearly $9 billion, making Minnesota
the 8th largest livestock-producing state in the nation. An estimated 989
construction jobs and 256 full- or part-time jobs on Minnesota farms were
created as a result of this round of Livestock Investment Grants.
 "Minnesota has some of the strongest livestock producers in the country, made
up of large and small family operations, and all of them add value to
Minnesota's economy. The state of Minnesota has been a strong partner with these
producers," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "The Livestock Investment Grant
initiative has helped more than 600 livestock farmers expand and diversify their
businesses. We are proud of this work, and will build on these successes, to
create more opportunities for Minnesota farmers."
 Jeff Statz of Richmond used grant funds to remodel his current dairy barn and
install automatic calf feeders to increase efficiency, according to MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand.
 "The calves are now housed in a remodeled dairy barn with improved ventilation
and lighting," said Weinand. "What's also great about this project is that it
will support the transition of the ownership of this family dairy to Statz and
his brother from their parents."
 Farmers wishing to apply for the next round of Livestock Investment Grants may
submit online applications through December 16, 2016.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: MDA awards $2 million in Livestock Investment Grants

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $2 million in
Livestock Investment Grants to 104 Minnesota livestock farmers in Fiscal Year
2016. Grantees will use the funds to make purchases or improvements to their
livestock operations.


 Minnesota's livestock sector is valued at nearly $9 billion, making Minnesota
the 8th largest livestock-producing state in the nation. An estimated 989
construction jobs and 256 full- or part-time jobs on Minnesota farms were
created as a result of this round of Livestock Investment Grants.
 "Minnesota has some of the strongest livestock producers in the country, made
up of large and small family operations, and all of them add value to
Minnesota's economy. The state of Minnesota has been a strong partner with these
producers," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "The Livestock Investment Grant
initiative has helped more than 600 livestock farmers expand and diversify their
businesses. We are proud of this work, and will build on these successes, to
create more opportunities for Minnesota farmers."
 Jeff Statz of Richmond used grant funds to remodel his current dairy barn and
install automatic calf feeders to increase efficiency, according to MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand.
 "The calves are now housed in a remodeled dairy barn with improved ventilation
and lighting," said Weinand. "What's also great about this project is that it
will support the transition of the ownership of this family dairy to Statz and
his brother from their parents."
 Farmers wishing to apply for the next round of Livestock Investment Grants may
submit online applications through December 16, 2016.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday

Finance NM: Federal programs can help beekeepers build habitat

BYLINE: By Finance New Mexico

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 558 words


Federal programs can help beekeepers build habitat

LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; The U.S. Department of Agriculture has lots of resources for
New Mexicans who keep bees for profit   and those who have lost hives to colony
collapse.

The federal programs aren't designed for hobbyists who want to help a critical
species, but even small-scale beekeeping operations can qualify for assistance
building and protecting their businesses. Terry Brunner, state director of USDA
Rural Development, urged beekeepers to research the following programs:

Environmental Quality Incentives Program: Because bees play an essential role in
crop production, the Natural Resources Conservation Service is helping large-
and small-scale farmers restore and maintain croplands to support native bee
populations.

Landowners who plant crops that provide diverse food sources for native
pollinators might be eligible for financial and technical assistance through
EQIP, including site visits by NRCS technicians to ensure a proper mix of plants
for optimal bee forage and habitat.

The Conservation Reserve Program: Farmers who participate in this land
conservation program receive an annual payment through the Farm Service Agency
in exchange for removing environmentally sensitive land from agricultural
production and planting crops or plants that improve environmental health.
Beekeepers specifically are eligible for the CRP's Pollinator Habitat
Initiative.

Value-added Producer Grant: These grants are awarded each year to producers who
use raw agricultural materials to create finished products   say, using honey to
flavor ice cream or using beeswax in handmade soaps. Grants provide up to
$75,000 for planning and up to $250,000 for working capital to help grantees
manufacture the product, expand marketing or conduct a feasibility study. A cash
or in-kind match is required. Farmers just starting a business or those
considered disadvantaged by gender or race often get priority. The same goes for
small or medium-sized enterprises structured as family farms or cooperatives.

Emergency assistance and crop insurance: The Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program assists producers who suffer catastrophic
loss of their hives due to colony collapse disorder or natural causes.
Beekeepers can secure low-cost insurance for their colonies through
USDA-approved crop insurance programs oriented to apiculture producers; they're
urged to contact a qualified crop insurance agent for information.

Brunner urged beekeepers to call or visit their local USDA office for details
about the resources available to landowners, producers and farmers. A May 2015
document from the USDA , "Using 2014 Farm Bill Programs for Pollinator
Conservation," offers an overview.

Navigating the USDA website to discover the appropriate program match and apply
for grants or assistance requires persistence, Brunner admitted. But the
potential payoff makes it worthwhile for the producer   and the environment. "We
have all sorts of beekeeping (assistance)," he said. "But you have to be willing
to fill out a lot of paperwork and be able to sell your project."

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL, COURTNEY APPLAUD FEDERAL USDA GRANT FOR CATO
CORNER FARM IN COLCHESTER

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Christopher S. Murphy has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), U.S. Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.),
and U.S. Representative Joe Courtney (CT-2) on Thursday applauded a U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant awarded to Cato Corner Farm in
Colchester. The $250,000 Value-Added Producer Grant will be used to expand
Cato's existing production of cheeses and establish new types of cheese through
connections with other local dairy farms. Cato Corner is a family-owned dairy
farm managed by the mother-son team that makes raw farmstead cheese by hand from
forty-five Jersey cows.





 "Cato Corner competed with farms across the country to secure this new funding,
which will go a long way in helping them expand production and grow their
business. Congratulations to the owners and their workers on a job well done
with winning these major federal grants," said Blumenthal, Murphy, and Courtney.




 "We're excited that this grant will allow us to both expand our business and
support other local farmers. We're hoping to develop a line of pasteurized
cheeses and yogurt with milk from nearby farms," said Mark Gillman, Cato Corner
Farm.



 Blumenthal, Murphy and Courtney have been vocal advocates for Connecticut's
dairy farmers, including calling on the USDA to provide emergency assistance to
dairy farmers struggling with historically low milk prices. Murphy is the author
of the Local Cheese Promotion and Dairy Support Act, which would create a new $5
million grant program to help small cheese producers, like Cato Corner, grow
their businesses. Courtney is a co-chair of the Congressional Dairy Caucus.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Central Queensland News

                                 April 13, 2011

I will take your fight to insurers

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 434  words


HAVING spent a lifetime in a government-funded organisation I am well aware of
the need for accountability.

The public purse is not a bottomless pit and it deserves to be treated with
respect.

Having said that the Queensland Reconstruction Authority acknowledges there are
concerns about differing grant, loan and wage assistance provisions operating at
this time as compared to immediately after Cyclone Larry.

In 2007, grants for primary producers and small businesses changed from
non-NDRRA Centrelink administration to NDRRA grants.

The new NDRRA arrangements require a higher proportion of the public funds
provided for relief payments to be supported by evidence of expenditure, as
opposed to what happened in 2006 after Cyclone Larry.

In short, following Cyclone Yasi, there is increased rigour in accessing
assistance packages.

Grants of up to $25,000 and concessional or exceptional loans from $250,000 to
$650,000 are on offer.

It might be frustrating but it's fair that there be increased rigour - it is
after all taxpayer's money.

And I believe even more so knowing that from July, most taxpayers will pay
between $1 and $5 a week in extra income tax as part of the flood levee, to help
fund the nation's disaster responses.

Taxpayers are entitled to have confidence that those responsible for dispersing
such public moneys have rigorous processes in place.

Through everyone's reconstruction actions - be they NDRRA grants to producers,
reconstruction funds to councils, or the distribution of donated goods - we must
and we will be upholding fairness and value for money requirements.

As an aside the authority has now despatched $406 million in advance funding to
51 councils.

This was done by April 8.

Our original plan was to have this done by June 30, but we have pushed hard to
get this money out the door as quickly as we could so it could quickly begin
circulating through local economies.

A final issue of concern for me recently has been the performance by some
insurance companies.

The rumours and innuendo of poor service have been boiling over but it is
difficult for me to represent community needs if I am armed with only anecdotal
evidence.

Please let me know the facts of your situation if you believe that that your
insurance company has failed you.

Particularly, I'm keen to know of companies that have taken an unreasonable
amount of time between conducting an assessment and providing a determination of
a claim.

One senior industry representative advised me that home insurance claims not
involving flood damage should be determined within two weeks of the assessment
being completed.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RCQ


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

Increased rigour on claims protects taxpayers' funds

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 439  words


HAVING spent a lifetime in a government-funded organisation I am well aware of
the need for accountability.

The public purse is not a bottomless pit and it deserves to be treated with
respect.

Having said that the Queensland Reconstruction Authority acknowledges that there
are concerns about differing grant, loan and wage assistance provisions
operating at this time as compared to immediately after Cyclone Larry.

In 2007, grants for primary producers and small businesses changed from
non-NDRRA Centrelink administration to NDRRA grants.

The new NDRRA arrangements require a higher proportion of the public funds
provided for relief payments to be supported by evidence of expenditure, as
opposed to what happened in 2006 after Cyclone Larry.

In short, following Cyclone Yasi, there is increased rigour in accessing
assistance packages. Grants of up to $25,000 and concessional or exceptional
loans from $250,000 to $650,000 are on offer.

It might be frustrating but it's fair that there be increased rigour - it is
after all taxpayer's money. And I believe even more so knowing that from July,
most taxpayers will pay between $1 and $5 a week in extra income tax as part of
the flood levee, to help fund the nation's disaster responses.

Taxpayers are entitled to have confidence that those responsible for dispersing
such public moneys have rigorous processes in place.

Through everyone's reconstruction actions; be they NDRRA grants to producers,
reconstruction funds to councils, or the distribution of donated goods, we must
- and we will - be upholding fairness and value for money requirements.

As an aside the Authority has now despatched $406 million in advance funding to
51 councils. This was done be by 8 April.

Our original plan was to have this done by 30 June, but we have pushed hard to
get this money out the door as quickly as we could so it can quickly begin
circulating through local economies.

A final issue of concern for me recently has been the performance by some
insurance companies.

The rumours and innuendo of poor service have been boiling over but it is
difficult for me to represent community needs if I am armed with only anecdotal
evidence.

Please let me know the facts of your situation if you believe that that your
insurance company has failed you. Particularly, I'm keen to know of companies
that have taken an unreasonable amount of time between conducting an assessment
and providing a determination of a claim.

One senior industry representative advised me that home insurance claims not
involving flood damage should be determined within two weeks of the assessment
being completed.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          February 13, 2008 Wednesday

Business Digest

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 292 words


Estate planning

Lawyer to explain how to protect, pass on assets

Looking for some help with your estate planning?

The Utah chapter of the Alzheimer's Association is offering a free seminar on
estate planning at 6 p.m. Feb. 21 at Silverado Assisted Living at 1430 E. 4500
South.

The seminar will be conducted by lawyer Douglas Cummings of Callister, Nebeker &
McCullough, who will discuss how to protect assets, advanced directives and
related issues.

The event is open to the public, but seating is limited. RSVP to the chapter
office at 265-1944. Light refreshments will be served.

- Tribune staff

Commodities

Grants available to farmers, co-ops and processors

Applications are being accepted for grants totaling $18.4 million for people or
groups involved in adding value to commodities.

Those who can apply include producers, producer groups and farmer cooperatives
involved in commodity development, production, processing and marketing
projects. Projects that produce renewable energy on farms and ranches also are
eligible.

Deadline for applications is March 31.

Visit www/rurdev.usda. gov/ut for more information on the grants administrated
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

- Dawn House

Select 25 awards

Insurer to honor those who promote healthy living

SelectHealth is seeking nominations for its Select 25 awards, which will honor
people or programs that promote fitness and healthy living or that serve special
populations.

The community awards will be given to commemorate the 25th anniversary of
SelectHealth, a health insurance company that is a subsidiary of Intermountain
Healthcare. The 25 winners will receive $2,500 to further their causes.

The application period is open until April 11.

Details are available at http://selecthealth.org.

- Tribune staff

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Agriculture offers specialty crops grants

BYLINE: The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


March 03--The V.I. Agriculture Department has created a grant program to fund
projects that are designed to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in
the territory. This program is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Marketing Service's Specialty Crop Block Grant -- Farm Bill 2015
Program.

The purpose of the local program is to fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Virgin Islands specialty crop producers
in relation to each dollar spent. Project proposals that benefit the following
specialty crops are encouraged and will be given first preference: orchard
establishment, urban agriculture projects/community gardens and apiculture
training.

The Agriculture Department is seeking applications from individual farmers,
nonprofit organizations, corporations, businesses, commodity associations, state
and local government entities, and universities. Commissioner Carlos Robles
encourages interested persons to take advantage of this opportunity to advance
the agriculture industry in the territory.

Grant funds will be prioritized towards projects that can be used as models or
as pilot projects where one producer/organization is willing to show what they
have done to any other interested farmer, person or organization as long as
certain specific conditions are met. This may include on-site filming for the
Agriculture Department's "Fresh from the Farm" television program or for Special
Crop Block Grant promotional purposes.

Proposals/applications for grant funds should describe how the project
potentially impacts and produces measurable outcomes for the specialty crop
industry and/or the public rather than a single organization, institution, or
individual. Proposals will be evaluated on the following criteria:
Sustainability, Feasibility (consider goal, resources), Matching Resources,
Experience of Applicant, Thoroughness of Proposal, Realistic Nature of Budget,
Timely Submission, and Overall Potential for Success.

The department will accept grant applications from each applicant with a value
of up to $5,000 and a minimum of $1,000.

Application deadline is April 15.

For more information and to obtain a grant application package, contact Errol
Chichester at 340-778-0997 ext. 222 or visit the Agriculture Department offices
on all three islands.

___ (c)2016 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-1VI-Agriculture-offers-specialty-crops-grants-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2016 The Virgin Islands Daily News

                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 23, 2000, Saturday

LEADER II - MAKING A DIFFERENCE

BYLINE: Farming Life Reporter

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 654 words


COLLABORATION and innovative thinking have enabled farmers across the Borough of
Coleraine - the lower Bann Valley and Sperrins area - to access European Union
and council funding to lay the foundations for a more secure and prosperous
future.

When the EU's LEADER II programme to encourage innovative business initiatives
was launched in the area, it presented the administrators, the Coleraine Local
Action Group for Enterprise (COLLAGE), with the challenge of identifying support
programmes that would make a meaningful difference to the local agricultural
industry but which could not receive direct support.

But the farmers took up the challenge and formed three co-operative groups to
pursue important value-adding programme. The three groups, which involved almost
90 farmers, were:

* CAPPA - The Coleraine Area Primary Producers' Association;

* NESAA - The North East Sperrins Agricultural Association (also a primary
producer group); and,

* NELAF - The North East Londonderry Arable Farmers Co Ltd.

LEADER II staff support and start-up funding enabled the two primary producer
groups to employ a part-time worker and establish a bulk purchasing system and
also offer grant aid for Premium Plus vaccination for group members.

NESAA then undertook an AI training programme and used grant aid to purchase AI
semen storage flasks, an initiative followed soon after by CAPPA in a
partnership arrangement.

The next project, which followed a soil analysis programme, was a clover
research scheme by CAPPA involving direct seeding and reseeding methods which
attracted initial LEADER funding and was then extended through support from the
North Sperrins Area Based Strategy.

Top help NESSA achieve economic viability as a co-operative it accessed LEADER
money to purchase a pregnancy scanner to be run as a community business and then
went on to administer an Enzootic Abortion Vaccination Programme in the
Sperrins, on behalf of the Area Based Strategy.

This underpinned its emphasis on welfare and breed improvement and was a first
step towards the farmers' long-term plan to establish a breeding network which
will, hopefully, form the basis of future breeding, finishing and selling
arrangements. The next stage, with pounds 25,000 from Coleraine Borough Council,
pounds 13,500 from Coleraine Borough Partnership and pounds 3,000 from Coleraine
LEADER, was a programme now in place to grant aid AI from quality bulls and
embryo transplants.

The collaboration programme extends to 'personal development' for farmer
members. Two groups have been on research visits to Belgium and more than 50
farmers from all three groups have taken a LEADER-funded computer training
course. One, in fact, has gone on to undertake an MSc in Rural Development
through Queen's University Belfast and has established a monitor farm. Several
other members have accessed diversification or environmental project grants from
LEADER II.

Ann Clyde, chairman of Coleraine LEADER II Programme, is delighted with the
results achieved by the groups.

"This is a real record of success," she said. "The farmers have our commitment
to continue supporting them and work with them in securing funding and
establishing suitable activities through the LEADER+ Programme."

Meanwhile, Kate McFaul, manager of Coleraine LEADER, has no doubts about the
value of the collaborative approach.

She said: "It would have been easier to provide direct grants to farmers without
establishing group initiatives, but I do not believe that the added -value
outcomes, such as the AI schemes, genetic improvement, training and research,
would have happened.

"What we have at the end of LEADER II is not just a finish of projects but a
sustainable programme of activity and commitment which is growing all the time.
This will provide so much more potential for support through the more focused
LEADER+ initiative."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited

                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Tea producers demand govt support to boost sector

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Aug. 14 -- Tea producers have warned that they will be forced to stop
operations if the government does not address the issues of rising production
costs and power shortages that have led to a deterioration in the quality of tea
.

They said that they were unable to compete with agro products from India and
other countries due to these reasons. Tea entrepreneurs have also expressed
their dissatisfaction at the government for not addressing their main demands in
the budget of the fiscal year 2013-14. They have recently come up with an
eight-point demand to boost the tea business.

The entrepreneurs have asked the government to provide a 4 percent subsidy on
Nepali tea exported to India and third countries. Similarly, they have asked the
government to simplify the process of obtaining the incentive. "As tea is almost
a 100 percent value added item, its export should be provided subsidies in an
easy manner," said Chandi Parajuli, a tea producer.

They have also demanded that fertilizer should be made available to them more
easily. "Compared to other agricultural products, tea producers have not been
provided grants while purchasing fertilizers," said Parajuli.

Meanwhile, tea producers have urged the government to build a separate feeder in
the tea producing areas to remove power outages which have resulted in poorer
tea quality. Chhatra Giri of the Tea Producers' Association said the quality of
tea is determined mainly by the manner in which it is processed. "However,
disruptions in power supply have affected the quality of tea ," said Giri.

There is growing demand for organic tea in the international market. However,
most of the country's tea producers have been unable to adopt organic farming
practices. According to the Himalayan Orthodox Tea Producers' Association
(HOTPA), only four out of the 25 orthodox tea producing farms have received
organic certification.

The absence of a tea testing lab has also affected the export of Nepali tea .
"Due to the absence of an internationally accredited tea testing lab, exporters
are forced to get their products tested in Indian labs," said HOTPA's President
Udaya Chapagain. According to HOTPA, Nepal produced 4 million kg of orthodox tea
last year, 90 percent of which was exported to India.

The country produces 20 million kg of tea annually including CTC, orthodox and
specialty tea from 51 processing plants.

Of the total production, 60 percent is exported - 58 percent to India and 2
percent to other countries. According to tea producers, Nepal has a capacity of
producing 100 million kg of tea annually.

Meanwhile, the government has formed a committee to study the demands raised by
tea entrepreneurs. Agriculture secretary Jay Mukunda Khanal said the government
has planned to provide the necessary support to the sector based on the report
which will be submitted in the next two weeks.

He added that the tea testing lab which is being built in eastern Nepal would be
ready in two years. "Till that time, the Agriculture Ministry in association
with the Commerce Ministry has planned to provide grants to tea producers
getting their products tested at Indian labs," he said.

HOTPA President Chapagain also criticized the National Tea and Coffee
Development Board for failing to register the collective trademark of Nepali tea
. "Although we have forwarded the necessary documents including the code of
conduct for the collective trademark, the board's apathy has delayed government
approval for registering the trademark."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Senegal - Agricultural Value Chains Support Project

LENGTH: 438  words


Total cost: US$31.6 million
Approved IFAD loan: US$14.9 million
Approved IFAD grant: US$267,000
Duration: 2010 - 2016
Directly benefiting: 14,000 households
Cofinancing:


OPEC Fund for International Development (US$9.0 million)
The project  s goal is to improve the incomes and livelihoods of poor farm
families in Senegal  s groundnut basin, where rural poverty has been spreading
and deepening. The once-vibrant agricultural region has seen a steady economic
decline as a result of the slump in world groundnut markets, climate change and
continued degradation of the land. The region has a potential for agricultural
diversification, but most small-scale farmers are unable to enter the markets
that are opening up.
The aim of the project is to integrate farmers into profitable value chains
based on local agroecological potential. Its most innovative feature is its
focus on consolidating local value chains as instruments for fostering
broad-based, self-sustaining and inclusive local development.
It will help small-scale producers, including highly vulnerable people, women
and young people, develop profitable economic activities through direct
contracting between their organizations and market operators. The project will
strengthen grass-roots organizations and help all those involved in the value
chains play an active role in dialogue at regional and national levels in order
to obtain easier access to markets and a more equitable distribution of profits.

The target group includes three types of producers within the farming
households:
vulnerable small-scale farmers who have limited family labour, small and often
degraded land holdings and a narrow range of income sources
women and girls and their organizations
underemployed young people aged 18 to 30
The project will also support market operators and others who can facilitate the
entry of the target group into the selected value chains. The project gives
priority to value chains on the basis of their potential profitability and their
accessibility to poor farm families, women and young people.
Through a grant IFAD will provide funds for technical assistance, supporting
value-chain development, knowledge management, monitoring and evaluation, and
inclusion and gender equity.
IFAD will directly supervise the project through the Country Presence Office in
Dakar, which will facilitate collaboration with other development partners in
Senegal. The project will ensure wide access to information and the sharing of
knowledge through the FIDAfrique regional network  and exchanges with other
projects in the region.

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                           August 15, 2001 Wednesday

Governor calls for the creative use of ag products

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 14

LENGTH: 333 words


Gov. George Ryan Tuesday signed two pieces of farm-related legislation at the
Illinois State Fair - the AgriFirst grant program and a bill to expand the
Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program (CREP).

AgriFirst is a $3 million initiative to provide grants and technical assistance
to so-called " value-added" projects that focus on things like food processing
to increase the value of agricultural products.

It will provide funding for feasibility studies, marketing plans, business plans
and technical assistance to farmer- owned co-ops, producer-owned processing
facilities and other ventures that add value to crops and livestock raised in
Illinois.

"Illinois AgriFirst is a much-needed shot in the arm for the No. 1 industry in
our state," said Ryan.

"I now encourage producers across Illinois to take up the challenge of
AgriFirst: to dream up new uses for our agricultural products and new ways to
work together to enhance the value farmers receive for the crops and animals
they produce."

The conservation program, a joint venture with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, expands CREP to the entire Illinois River watershed, providing for
an additional 32,000 acres to be enrolled in the river basin protection and
restoration effort. There are now 100,000 acres enrolled.

"As part of my Illinois Rivers 2020 initiative, this agreement allows us to
encourage even more landowners along the Illinois River and its tributaries to
voluntarily enroll their most erodible, least productive land in a program that
will provide long-term protection for this critically important watershed," the
governor said.

CREP provides technical assistance and incentive payments to farm and landowners
who agree to plant trees and grasses and restore wetlands in an effort to reduce
loss of topsoil. Farmers who extend their USDA Conservation Reserve Program
contracts beyond 15 years, or agree to grant permanent conservation easements,
receive bonus payments from the state.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register

                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Herbert River Express (Australia)

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                  1 - Edition

Report your insurance woes

BYLINE: Maj-Gen Mick Slater

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 436 words


HAVING spent a lifetime in a government-funded organisation, I am well aware of
the need for accountability.

The public purse is not a bottomless pit and it deserves to be treated with
respect.

Having said that, the Queensland Reconstruction Authority acknowledges that
there are concerns about differing grant, loan and wage assistance provisions
operating now as compared to immediately after Cyclone Larry.

In 2007, grants for primary producers and small businesses changed from
non-Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements Centrelink administration
to grants that were covered by the NDRRA.

The new NDRRA arrangements require a higher proportion of the public funds
provided for relief payments to be supported by evidence of expenditure, as
opposed to what happened in 2006 after Cyclone Larry.

In short, following Cyclone Yasi, there is increased rigour in assessing
assistance packages.

Grants of up to $25,000 and concessional or exceptional loans from $250,000 to
$650,000 are on offer.

It might be frustrating but it's fair that there be increased rigour it is
taxpayer's money after all.

And I believe even moreso knowing that from July most taxpayers will pay between
$1 and $5 a week in extra income tax as part of the flood levy to help fund the
nation's disaster responses.

Taxpayers are entitled to have confidence that those responsible for dispersing
such public money have rigorous processes in place.

Through everyone's reconstruction actions be they NDRRA grants to producers,
reconstruction funds to councils, or the distribution of donated goods we must,
and will, uphold fairness and value-for-money requirements.

As an aside, the Authority has now despatched $406 million in advance funding to
51 councils. This was done be by April 8.

Our original plan was to have this done by June 30, but we have pushed hard to
get this money out the door as quickly as we could so it can quickly begin
circulating through local economies.

A final issue of concern for me recently has been the performance by some
insurance companies.

The rumours and innuendo of poor service have been boiling over but it is hard
for me to represent community needs if I am armed with only anecdotal evidence.

Please let me know the facts of your situation if you believe your insurance
company has failed you.

Particularly, I'm keen to know of companies that have taken an unreasonable
amount of time between conducting an assessment and providing a determination of
a claim.

One senior industry representative advised me that home insurance claims not
involving flood damage should be determined within two weeks of the assessment.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: HRE


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State University in Claremore establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 3, 2008 Monday

Rogers State University in Oklahoma establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

California: USDA-NASS Launches First-Ever Local Foods Survey

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced the 2015 Local Food
Marketing Practices Survey as part of its continued support of local and
regional food systems. USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) is
conducting this first-time survey to produce official benchmark data on the
local food sector in the United States.





 There has been growing interest and demand for local and regional food systems.
Local foods are linked to many USDA priorities - including enhancing the rural
economy, the environment, food access and nutrition, and strengthening
agricultural producers and markets. The information NASS collects in this new
survey is vital to providing data to show where the sector is today and help
identify future needs.



 The Local Food Marketing Practices Survey will ask producers for information on
their production and local marketing of foods during the 2015 calendar year.
Information includes the value of food sales by marketing channel (i.e. farmers
markets, community supported agriculture (CSA) arrangements, restaurants,
roadside stands, food hubs, and more), value of crop and livestock sales,
marketing practices, expenses, Federal farm program participation, and more.



 Local foods are linked to many USDA priorities - including enhancing the rural
economy, the environment, food access and nutrition, and strengthening
agricultural producers and markets. USDA stakeholders, including farmers and
ranchers, various levels of government, and related businesses and
organizations, will all benefit from the new information, which will be
published in December 2016. The data will be used for decisions and programs
that support local and regional food systems, including USDA Agricultural
Marketing Service's (AMS) Farmers Market Promotion Program, Local Food Promotion
Program, Specialty Crop Block Grants Program, and USDA Farm Service Agency's
(FSA) Microloan Program, among others.



 Producers who receive the 2015 Local Food Marketing Practices Survey from NASS
are strongly encouraged to respond. Farmers and ranchers can fill out the survey
online via a secure website, www.agcounts.usda.gov, or return their form by
mail. . Response to the survey is vital as the information gathered will be used
to account for all farmers involved in the local and regional food system. For
more information about the 2015 Local Food Marketing Practices Survey, visit
www.agcensus.usda.gov.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                National Edition

The importance of cow farts

BYLINE: Lynn Grant, National Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 149  words


Re: Bovine Gas Studies Called 'Tax Sinkhole,' Sept. 13.

This cow emissions study is producing value for producer and taxpayer dollars.
Increasing the efficiency with which cattle digest their food does decrease
greenhouse gas emissions (GHG). The scientists were also investigating how best
to store carbon in native grasslands.

This research was using an innovative collar to measure the methane released as
the cow grazed on different types of grass managed in different rotations. It
wasn't a "gas mask." The information helps producers' efforts to improve
production practices and reduce GHGs.

Canadian cattle producers support efficient and effective use of taxpayers'
dollars, as this research contributes to discussions around climate change,
wildlife habitat and the economic health of rural culture.

Lynn Grant, Canadian Cattlemen's Association environment committee chair, Val
Marie, Sask.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; (See hardcopy for Photo Description) ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                January 7, 1998

West food's 1.4m boost

SECTION: Pg.31

LENGTH: 163 words


THE West Country's growing army of specialist food producers has received a 1.47
million tonic.

Farms minister Lord Donoghue will announce a special grant fund to help them
expand and diversify when he visits the region tomorrow.

The money is being provided jointly by the EC and the Agriculture ministry and
will help finance expansion plans by dozens of producers of regional food and
drink.

The fund will be partly administered by Taste of the West, the NFU-backed
regional food marketing group.

Spokesman Diane Lethbridge said average grants would be to the value of 30 or 35
per cent of individual projects, and would be offered to schemes costing a
maximum of 70,000.

The cash will be on offer to EU designated areas covering all of Cornwall, parts
of Devon and the Exmoor region of Somerset.

The cash will come as a huge relief to many farmers, desperately seeking ways of
adding value to their products to combat tumbling commodity prices.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press

                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

The sweet life

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words


TOWNSHEND -- When state and federal agriculture officials imagine the future of
small scale, artisinal farming in Vermont, the scene they see looks very much
like what goes on at Big Picture Farm in Townshend.

Louisa Conrad and Lucas Farrell started their business in the fall of 2010,
after falling in love with goat farming, and apprenticing at other farms around
Vermont.

While they knew they wanted to do something with the rich goat's milk, they also
realized that Vermont already had more than its share of award winning cheese
makers.

So they came up with a recipe for making caramel out of the goat's milk.

After starting the business, they hand made the candy, wrapped each one in wax
paper, and sold packages at local markets and over the Internet.

Now, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has recognized the couple with a $49,000
grant that is going to allow them to modernize their procedures and expand their
business.

"We were blown away when we heard we got this," Farrell said recently, taking a
break from the farm and from candy making to talk about the business. "It's also
very humbling to know that they think we deserve this."

Big Picture Farm was one of nine Vermont farms that shared in the more than
$857,000 that USDA gave out to support value added agricultural innovation in
the state.

Across the country, more than $40 million was presented to 298 farms and
businesses in 44 states and Puerto Rico to help develop and promote small
agricultural producers.

While announcing the grants, Vermont was recognized as one of the leaders in
developing small scale value added products from agricultural products.

Green Mountain Organic Creamery, in North Ferrisburgh, received $300,000 to help
market certified organic milk, butter, ice cream and other dairy products, and
the farm was mentioned in the press release that announced the national grant
program.

"These Vermont farms and firms continue to think outside the box and seek ways
to improve their products to benefit and interest Vermont's expanding market
base," said U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., and the most senior member of the
Senate Agriculture Committee. "These grants will help several of our most
innovative producers. Rewarding and supporting their innovation and hard work is
a great way to move our agricultural economy forward."

"It's been a huge boost," Conrad said. "At this point it is a constant struggle
and this forced us to accelerate everything."

Conrad and Farrell first came to southeastern Vermont to apprentice at Peaked
Mountain Farm in Townshend, where they still keep their goats.

They developed a recipe in 2010 and started selling small amounts of their
caramel, which has a rich brown color, and an earthy, salty-sweet flavor.

This past summer they won the top prize for the new food/farm business category
in the first Strolling of the Heifers-Brattleboro Development Credit Corporation
competition.

The $5,000 prize allowed the couple to purchase a professional caramel cooker,
which helped them ramp up production by 500 percent.

Earlier this year they had five accounts, which has grown into about 30 now all
over the country.

They moved into a small space at the Cotton Mill Hill building in November, and
then last month expanded out into a another room that will allow them to show
artwork, and sell their product.

The USDA grant, Farrell said, will help take the business to the next level, at
a time when they are right on the verge of expanding and most in need of
capital.

The grant also comes just as the farm was mentioned in the Saveur Magazine
Valentine gift-off, and stores in New York, Cambridge, Mass., and Madison,
Wisc., are clamoring for their product.

Along with their business, their herd is also growing, as their pregnant goats
are set to give birth in the spring.

"We feel like there is a lot of potential," said Conrad. "It's kind of scary,
but it looks like we are going for it."

Big Picture Farm goat milk caramels are available at the Vermont Country Deli,
on Western Avenue, and from their website, www.bigpicturefarm.com .

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Louisa Conrad wraps the freshly cut caramels. (Zachary P.
Stephens/Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

BRIEFLYFonterra success FON...

SECTION: PRIMARY PRODUCER_; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 374 words


BRIEFLYFonterra success

FONTERRA Australia has taken home 76 awards from the 2015 Dairy Industry
Association of Australia awards. Included in the overall 76 awards, the company
won 12 gold and 64 silver titles for the company's various sites. Fonterra's
Western Star butter, Perfect Italiano cheese and Tamar Valley yoghurt were all
recognised as outstanding at the Australian Dairy Product Awards. General
manager of manufacturing operations Rob Howell said it was fantastic their teams
were recognised for their work in dairy.

Grant welcomed

MEAT and Livestock Australia have welcomed the $5 million grant into rural
research. The cattle, sheep and goat producers industry body was awarded the
funding through the federal goverment's Rural Research and Development for
Profit program to lead two new research and development projects. The two
projects are: weed biological control with $1.89 million, and global supply
chain innovation with $2.87 million funding. These projects will be led by MLA
over three years, focussing on long-lasting benefits of weed biological control;
and identifying market and consumer insight to drive value chain innovation and
growth in export markets. MLA managing director Richard Norton said these two
areas of research would offer significant long term benefits to producers and
the wider agricultural industry.

Review submission

LIKE many agricultural commodities in Australia, dairy has an acute skilled
labour shortage. Australian Dairy Farmers have said that although the Australian
dairy industry always give precedence to employing Australian workers, enabling
farmers to access skilled overseas worked is a positive way of addressing the
gap when suitable domestic labour is not available. At the end of last month,
the Australian Dairy Industry Council lodged its submission to the Senate
Education and Employment committee's review into the impact of temporary working
visa programs on labour markets around the country. Recommendations put forward
by ADIC included the need for an improved alignment of the Australian
Qualifications Framework and the skill classification used by the Department of
Immigration and Boarder Protection, as well as the extension of 417 and 462
visas from six to 12 months.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Northern beef update at Karratha forum

SECTION: STUD_STOCK; Pg. 92

LENGTH: 295 words


BEEF producers will get an insight into the operations of one of Indonesia's
biggest feedlots at the upcoming Northern Beef Futures (NBF) forum in Karratha.

The March 10 event will be delivered by the Department of Agriculture and Food
as part of its NBF project.

NBF operations manager Andrew Negline said producers would receive an update on
key activities, market opportunities and NBF's grants program, which allows
commercial beef producers in the Kimberley and Pilbara to apply for business
improvement grants.

"Dayu Ariasintawati, Director of the Great Giant Livestock (GGL) Indonesia, will
present on GGL's operations in Indonesia including current market information
from the region and performance of imported cattle in Indonesia during her
keynote address," Mr Negline said.

"Established in 1990 in Lampung, GGL is one of Indonesia's largest feedlots and
can process 100,000 head annually."

GGL processes pineapple peel and tapioca waste into cattle feed, then the cattle
manure is used as fertiliser for the group's pineapple plantation.

"Dayu is looking forward to meeting the pastoralists and following the forum
will visit some Pilbara producers to get a first-hand experience of station life
in WA," Mr Negline said.

WA exported 220,500 head of feeder and slaughter cattle in the first 11 months
of 2015, worth $205.5 million.

Indonesia was the highest volume market, with 57,300 head exported valued at
$48.6m.

The NBF project, funded by the government's Royalties for Regions program, seeks
to provide the foundation and stimulus for transformational change from an open
sourcing market to demand-driven, dedicated value chains along with new business
and investment models.

p More information on the NBF project is at www.agric.wa.gov.au/r4r/

northern-beef-futures.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Northern beef update at Karratha forum

SECTION: STUD_STOCK; Pg. 92

LENGTH: 295 words


BEEF producers will get an insight into the operations of one of Indonesia's
biggest feedlots at the upcoming Northern Beef Futures (NBF) forum in Karratha.

The March 10 event will be delivered by the Department of Agriculture and Food
as part of its NBF project.

NBF operations manager Andrew Negline said producers would receive an update on
key activities, market opportunities and NBF's grants program, which allows
commercial beef producers in the Kimberley and Pilbara to apply for business
improvement grants.

"Dayu Ariasintawati, Director of the Great Giant Livestock (GGL) Indonesia, will
present on GGL's operations in Indonesia including current market information
from the region and performance of imported cattle in Indonesia during her
keynote address," Mr Negline said.

"Established in 1990 in Lampung, GGL is one of Indonesia's largest feedlots and
can process 100,000 head annually."

GGL processes pineapple peel and tapioca waste into cattle feed, then the cattle
manure is used as fertiliser for the group's pineapple plantation.

"Dayu is looking forward to meeting the pastoralists and following the forum
will visit some Pilbara producers to get a first-hand experience of station life
in WA," Mr Negline said.

WA exported 220,500 head of feeder and slaughter cattle in the first 11 months
of 2015, worth $205.5 million.

Indonesia was the highest volume market, with 57,300 head exported valued at
$48.6m.

The NBF project, funded by the government's Royalties for Regions program, seeks
to provide the foundation and stimulus for transformational change from an open
sourcing market to demand-driven, dedicated value chains along with new business
and investment models.

p More information on the NBF project is at www.agric.wa.gov.au/r4r/

northern-beef-futures.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 19, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

FARMERS' JANUARY MARKET;
TWO GROUPS TO BEGIN PLANNING A YEAR-ROUND FARMERS' MARKET IN MADISON.

BYLINE: James Edward Mills Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 904 words


Two Madison nonprofit groups have a grant and the go-ahead to begin planning a
permanent year-round farmers' market.

Common Wealth Development, a nonprofit that helps Madison residents with
opportunities for professional advancement, has received $25,000 from local
entrepreneur and philanthropist John Taylor to create a business plan and start
the search for potential sites to house the Madison Public Market. The
organizers hope to open in two years.

Judy Hageman, owner of Snug Haven farms near Paoli and a spokeswoman for the
Dane County Farmers' Market, said the demand for the tomatoes and spinach she
grows indoors in "hoop houses" for sale in the winter convinced her a
four-season farmers' market would be well-received in Madison.

Dane County now has a winter farmers' market, but the new initiative would be a
year-round venue with regular business hours, with no interruption of service
between growing seasons.

"That's our value-added, when we can provide things that are not available
normally," Hageman said. "Seeing the interest in getting local products in the
winter was just amazing."

Working with Common Wealth Development on the project is Blue Planet Partners, a
nonprofit regional economic planning organization. The two agencies will move
forward an initiative that has the support of Dane County Executive Kathleen
Falk, Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz, area food cooperatives, and local producers
such as Hageman, who sits on the market's planning committee.

Public markets can be found in larger cities throughout the United States. Los
Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle and Boston, to name a few, offer permanent
venues where local farmers and agricultural producers can sell their products
directly to consumers seven days a week. Milwaukee will open a public market in
July.

Blue Planet Partners principle Jim Bower said the idea of a four-season public
market in Madison has been on the table for a number of years.

"The preliminary feasibility study was completed in July 2004, and what's now
happening is a coalition of organizations has come together to take the next
step," he said.

A study to determine the feasibility of a public market in Madison was funded by
a $17,000 grant from the Dane County Agriculture Council and a smaller grant
from the state agriculture department's Agriculture Development and
Diversification program.

Taylor said his grant will help to more clearly define the details and create a
plan for a viable four-season retail venue that will not only provide area
residents with healthy nutritious foods, but also help producers identify and
meet market demands for their goods.

"It's my hope that we will be able to have the merchants who supply the market
know where the hot spots are in the community," Taylor said. "They'll know what
kind of products to have and what services to provide."

Marianne Morton, executive director of Common Wealth Development, said one of
the critical questions to address is where the Madison Public Market will be
located.

"The feasibility study said it's important to have it in a central area of
Madison," Morton said. "It could be in the central Isthmus possibly, the South
Side, the North Side, but not too far away from the central area. It's important
to have it close to biking and public transportation."

Cieslewicz said he thinks the Madison Public Market is a great idea.

"I certainly support the concept because it represents several things that I'm
interested in: urban redevelopment, supporting local farmers and healthy foods,"
Cieslewicz said. "We look at this as kind of a healthy city initiative. I hope
they're successful in pursuing it."

Cieslewicz said the project could be eligible for public funding.

Bower and Morton said they also have the support of local food vendors who have
been involved with the project since it started.

"I think the fact the Williamson Street Grocery Co-op is at the table and
supportive of it and the farmers' market people are at the table show that they
believe that there is a need for this kind of project," Morton said. "I think
the public market not only provides another venue for produce, but that public
space, the excitement, the energy that adds value to what we already have."

Willy Street Co-op general manager Anya Firszt is on the Madison Public Market
committee. She said she welcomes the possibility of another venue for locally
grown food.

"I like to think that there is all kinds of room for local farmers to find
viable markets to sell their products. We support the buy local campaign. To me,
this is just a more inclusive prospect," Firszt said.

Morton and Bower said the market would offer about 25,000 square feet of retail
space and house 20 to 22 vendors.

Miraum Grunes, executive director of the Research, Education, Action and Policy
Food Group, a nonprofit organization that addresses food issues and connects
consumers to growers in the community, said a four-season market would also help
consumers learn the benefits of natural foods.

"The business plan will include an education component. We'd really like to
offer experiences, field trips for kids, information on what's available and how
to preserve it," Grunes said. "When people start that process of thinking,
'Where does my food come from?' instead of blindly buying what's on the grocer's
shelf, it's a chain reaction that is really a win-win for everyone."

Contact James Edward Mills at jmills@madison.com or 252-6158.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Craig Schreiner - State Journal ABOVE: Michael Strack, a worker at Snug
Haven farms near Paoli, is seen through the plastic sheet of a "hoop house"
harvesting tomatoes. Vegetables grown here in cold weather for sale in winter
months will be among the products organizers hope to have on hand at the Madison
Public Market. LEFT: Flowers bloom inside the expanse of the plastic sheathed
hoop house. In winter, the structures are closed against the cold for growing
produce year-round. Judy Hageman of Snug Haven farms shows off the fresh
hoop-house tomatoes she produces indoors for sale in winter.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.

                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Daily Variety

                            July 22, 1992 Wednesday

Short Takes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 531 words


The sponsors of CBS' "Murphy Brown" have been targeted for a boycott by the
American Family Assn., Donald E. Wildmon's Tupelo, Miss.-based conservative
lobbying group, for the show's alleged "ridicule" of family values. Wildmon said
in a statement that the action had been prompted by the show's plans to poke fun
at Vice President Dan Quayle over the flap surrounding Murphy Brown's single
parenthood. The AFA has led past boycotts against various sponsors for
supporting programs it deems inappropriate, as well as one against Universal for
releasing the feature "The Last Temptation of Christ." Networks and sponsors
maintain that the group's campaigns have had no impact on sales.

Def American recording artists the Black Crowes begin touring in support of
their new album "The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion" Friday in
Minneapolis. The group plans a short theater tour. Los Angeles dates have not
been announced.

Cable News Network's "Larry King Live" achieved its second-highest rating ever
Friday, July 17, with the appearance of would-be presidential aspirant Ross
Perot. The program, airing from 6 to 7:30 p.m. PDT, scored a 3.8 rating/7.2
share, which represents 2.26 million households. That's 150% higher than the
show's usual 1.5 rating. CNN extended the normally hourlong program by 30
minutes.

Producer-manager Barry Krost and TV producer Bob Sertner are co-chairmen of
"Backlot Blowout," a fund-raiser for AIDS Project Los Angeles at Universal
Studios Aug. 1. Events include a dance party, comedy performances and a silent
auction. Hosting the comedy stage is actress and APLA honoree Alison Arngrim,
and performers include George Lopez, Kathy Buckley, Michael Greer and Jedda
Jones.

Vidmark Entertainment will place a public service announcement for Jobs for
Youth on the upcoming vidcassette release of "Hitz." The non-profit org finds
jobs for gang members with employers who will teach them a trade. The action
film "Hitz" was filmed in Los Angeles and features gang members in some parts,
as well as Cuba Gooding Jr., Elliot Gould and Karen Black. Street date is Aug.
5.

"The Late Mr. Pete Show," the onetime cable-access show that ran on KTLA in 1990
and 1991, has been picked up by the USA Network for a brief run. The cable
network is licensing 15 of the shows starring Peter Chaconas, a
waiter-turned-entertainer, for a four-week run. It will run Monday through
Thursday at midnight, starting Aug. 3. Producer Grant Tribune Prods. tried
unsuccessfully to syndicate the program, at one time striking a deal with
Paramount to produce new shows in the series. But that eventually fell through.
The deal with USA is with Grant Tribune Prods. Bud Grant Prods., the production
company of Grant Tribune chief exec Bud Grant, has plans for a new show with
Chaconas, "The New Mr. Pete Show," now in development.

The Point-of-Purchase Advertising Institute has presented a joint "Best of the
Industry Promotional Award" to Hollywood Records and printer Ivy Hill for its
multisided, Rubik's Cube- like item for the rock group Queen. Queen Cube was
designed by Hollywood manager of merchandising Suzie Rome and art director Maria
DeGrassi-Colisimo.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Daily Variety Ltd.
                               All Rights Reserved

                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

Mill changes driving future focus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 216  words


THE Mossman Central Mill is well positioned for a further federal grant due to
be announced in the next few weeks.

On Monday, the mill will receive the first completely road-hauled delivery of
cane, signalling the start of the end for mixed road/rail delivery from outlying
cane producers, an efficiency the company hopes will attract the grant.

Industry, Tourism and Resources Minister Ian MacFarlane visited the mill
yesterday in advance of the Government's final allocation of $18m in funding as
part of the Sugar Industry Reform Program.

"I've got a special spot for Mossman in my heart," Mr MacFarlane said.

"They've had it tough and I'm very happy to support their application. The money
given already has been money well spent."

The mill transports cane from outlying producers by road, then transfers loads
to rail.

The new system will see 10-12 tonne rail bins replaced by 23-tonne road bins
that travel direct to the mill.

"Financially we aim to set the mill up well into the future," said Mossman
Central Mill Company chairman Bill Phillips-Turner.

"Our vision is to make the mill a fully diversified food factory instead of
being just a raw sugar producer and selling all our sugar on the world market,
these projects will value add, which means more money to the sugar industry in
this district."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCP


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

California: Vermont: VT Agency of Agriculture Grants Over $255K to Benefit
Specialty Crop Producers

LENGTH: 731 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The state of California has
issued the following news release:



 The Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food & Markets (VAAFM) announces grants
totaling $255,475 for eight projects to benefit Vermont fruit, vegetable, hops,
maple, and added-value producers and increase consumer access to locally
produced food. These grants, funded through the USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service&rsquo;s Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), were awarded to six
agricultural organizations to undertake a range of research, education,
promotion, and program-building projects. The grants will leverage an additional
$300,000 in matching funds.





 &ldquo;Specialty Crop Block Grants are integral to maintaining a safe,
sustainable, and secure food supply and to enhancing the Vermont brand,&rdquo;
said Agriculture Secretary Chuck Ross. &ldquo;These funds will enable the Agency
of Ag and our statewide partners to make strategic investments in research,
infrastructure, and education to improve on-farm efficiency and safety, develop
new marketing tools, open distribution channels to Vermont producers, and
promote farm profitability. We are grateful to our Congressional delegation for
their continued support of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which helps
to boost Vermont&rsquo;s agricultural economy and sustain our working
landscape.&rdquo;



 University of Vermont Extension Agronomist Heather Darby is one of this
year&rsquo;s grantees and has received prior funding to study sustainable
methods of pest control in specialty crops and to develop a mobile hop
harvester&mdash;projects that have had a wide impact in Vermont and beyond.
&ldquo;Farmers from all over world have utilized our online Vermont Hops Project
materials,&rdquo; said Darby. &ldquo;And our hop harvester design has been
adopted by six different farms and businesses from several provinces and states
outside of Vermont. The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a huge asset to
our research projects and will allow us to continue to share new knowledge with
farmers both inside and outside of Vermont.&rdquo;



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s Agricultural Marketing Service
awards Specialty Crop Block Grants to the 50 States, the District of Columbia,
and U.S. Territories. In Vermont, VAAFM administers these funds to enhance the
competitiveness of Vermont and regionally-grown specialty crops, defined as
&ldquo;fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery
crops (including floriculture).&rdquo;



 VAAFM awards SCBGP funds through a competitive review process guided by
industry, nonprofit and government stakeholders. An independent stakeholder
advisory committee identified economic impact across Vermont&rsquo;s working
landscape, environmental stewardship, and farm viability as funding goals for
2015. A proposal review committee selected the following projects out of
fourteen applications representing total funding requests of over $550,000:



     University of Vermont Extension Northwest Crops & Soils Program to evaluate
the efficacy of biostimulants and biofungicides for downy and powdery mildew in
specialty crops ($33,485)

     The Intervale Center to develop the supply chain for Vermont-grown organic
mesclun and frozen berries ($5,057)

     The Northeast Organic Farming Association of Vermont (NOFA-VT) to build
demand for fruits and vegetables in Vermont schools ($35,500)

     The Vermont Tree Fruit Growers Association to utilize State Information
Centers to promote direct marketing of Vermont apples, cider and wines ($10,000)


     University of Vermont Extension Center for Sustainable Agriculture to pilot
post-harvest management teams for the produce industry and conduct produce
safety workshops to help farmers prepare for Food Safety Modernization Act
(FSMA) implementation ($58,177)

     University of Vermont Proctor Maple Research Center to enhance the
competitiveness and economic sustainability of the maple industry ($13,151)

     The Vermont Agency of Agriculture&rsquo;s Business Development Team to
promote Vermont specialty crops in Japan ($25,000)

     The Vermont Agency of Agriculture&rsquo;s Produce Safety Team to build a
Vermont state produce safety and market access program ($75,108)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Deer Park Tribune (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2013

Farm Bill must remain a Congressional priority

BYLINE: Deer Park Tribune staff

LENGTH: 276  words


Congress has unfinished business to tackle during the lame duck session,
including the Farm Bill. If Congress fails to act, or passes a short-term
extension without adequate funding for conservation and rural development,
crucial rural investments will be in jeopardy.

Investment in the next generation of family farmers and ranchers would dry up.
Barriers for beginners include capital, access to affordable land, and lack of
training opportunities.

And the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program provides training that
helps beginners build their farm business plan so they can access capital. It
also provides linking opportunities, helping break down the land access barrier
by matching beginners with retiring landowners.

The Conservation Reserve Program Transition Incentives will also screech to a
halt with Congressional inaction. This program helps beginners gain access to
land coming out of retirement under the

Conservation Reserve Program.

The Value Added Producer Grant Program helps producers establish high-value,
niche markets. A small amount of funding came through the Continuing Resolution
passed by Congress earlier this year, so it will continue in the near term. But
the program will still not have as much as either the Senate or House versions
of the Farm Bill would provide.

The Rural Microenterprise Assistance Program also has a small amount of funding,
but the Senate version of the Farm Bill will allow the program to go much
further in helping rural small business development.

Congress needs to pass a Farm Bill, one that invests in these innovative
programs.

Traci Buckner is a staff writer for the Center for Rural Affairs.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 Deer Park Tribune

                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Film industry gets major boost; Province increases incentives for productions

BYLINE: Eric Volmers, Calgary Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 659  words


Alberta's beleaguered film industry got a significant boost on Wednesday when
the provincial government announced it would increase the maximum value of
grants available to film and television productions by six per cent.

It's a move that industry insiders say will finally level the playing field with
other jurisdictions and help lure productions back to the province, including
big-budget Hollywood films that had been skipping over the area.

The changes to the Film Development Program announced by Culture Minister
Lindsay Blackett Wednesday afternoon come at what many were seeing as a low
point in movie and TV production in Alberta, which had increasingly been unable
to compete with other provinces and states that have also increased incentives
to attract projects.

While the total amount available from the program will stay fixed at $20
million, Wednesday's announcement means grant percentages will be boosted by six
per cent and the per project grant cap has been raised from $3 million to $5
million.

This should make the province more attractive to foreign producers and give a
boost to homegrown talent.

"It's not just good news, it's crucial news," says Tom Cox, executive producer
of Calgarybased Seven24 films, the company behind the CBC television series
Heartland. "The timing is great in terms of attempting to regain a position of
leadership nationally. We had certainly been bypassed by a number of
jurisdictions, most dramatically Ontario. This hopefully will allow us in the
short term to re-attract some productions that might have come here and were
wandering off, and certainly this will have a very positive affect on people's
upcoming decisions."

The changes don't actually increase funding, but will redeploy the funding that
is already available. Before the increase, projects could receive from 14 to 23
per cent of their costs from Film Development Program grants depending on the
levels of involvement by Alberta crews and production companies. Recently, the
Ontario government expanded its tax credits available to foreign-based producers
to 25 per cent of all production costs. Ontario was just the latest jurisdiction
to spring further ahead of Alberta in offering incentives, leading some to
declare a state of emergency for the Alberta industry.

"We have, over the last four months, been breaking down and doing budgets for
films we have coming up," said Chad Oakes, of Calgary's Nomadic pictures. "When
we compared Calgary to Vancouver, Calgary to Regina, Calgary to Toronto or
Calgary to Winnipeg, every single time basically it made more economic sense to
shoot somewhere else. So this levels the playing field, or it gets pretty darn
close to levelling the playing field. It was shaping up to be, quite frankly,
one of the worst years on record. So I think this is a big move to turn the
tide."

Tina Alford, Alberta's branch representative for the Alliance of Canadian
Cinema, Television and Radio Artists, says the boost could potentially bring
some big-budgeted Hollywood films to the province in the next couple of years.
She said some producers have already been looking at the province for their
projects even before the increase was announced.

"There's a number of projects that are kicking our tires that are looking here
and other jurisdictions and I think this will put us on the top of the list
here," said Alford.

She said there has a been a shift in thinking from Hollywood producers. Fifteen
years ago, classic films such as Unforgiven and Legends of the Fall came to the
province based on its attractive locales and experienced crews. Now, producers
are looking for more, she said.

"It's gotten so competitive with all these jurisdictions dangling this money
carrot," Alford said. "It's not uncommon for projects that say they needed
mountains to go to middle land USA and they'll change the script just because
they'll get more money. Our locations are still a draw, but we needed this money
to back it up."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: ;
Photo: Courtesy, Warner Bros.; New film incentives are hoped to attract big-name
productions to Alberta such as The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward
Robert Ford, which was filmed in the province and starred Brad Pitt. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                August 22, 2001

NEWS: OTHER

SECTION: NEWS: OTHER, Pg.3

LENGTH: 305 words


Objective One offers

AN exemplary project to add value to local produce, develop new markets and
develop new products in collaboration with other producers has won European
Objective One cash. The grant of GBP 24,000 of EU and DEFRA funding will help
West Cornwall farmers Jem and Sarah Trewhella purchase equipment for processing
organic meat and apples. It will also benefit the local co-operative organic
farm shop, at Gear Farm on the Lizard, to extend its range of products.

Funding has also been granted to Camel Valley Poultry, for a feasibility study
to explore setting up a processing and packing plant for organic chicken and a
range of other poultry including spent hens.

The Sylvanus Trust was also recently awarded GBP 100,000 of Objective One grant
funding to cover two years' work, which should create up to 20 permanent jobs in
the forestry, woodland management and wood-based businesses.

- See Pages 4 & 5

Milk payout

The Residuary Milk Marketing Board (RMMB), is paying GBP 17.5 million to milk
producers eligible for repayment of the remainder of the Milk Marketing Board's
assets. An interim distribution payment of GBP 14 million goes to eligible
producers and GBP 3.5 million will be paid as a final supplementary payment to
end year producers.

Lapwing finalist

A SOMERSET farm is one of five finalists for this year's Farm Care/FWAG Silver
Lapwing Award. H C and R J Lang, of Home Farm, Curry Rivel are in line for a
first prize worth GBP 1,000 for their top class conservation work.

Imports protest

FARMERS will be at Gatwick airport tomorrow to protest about the poor
enforcement of controls at ports and airports on food imports. They claim the
lack of information for travellers leaves Britain vulnerable to contagious
animal diseases entering the UK via personal food imports.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2001 Western Morning News

                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            November 9, 2009, Monday

Did Sarkozy's son use palace pull to get music grant?

BYLINE: Robert Marquand Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: Paris


In France it is a tale of one and now two sons - of President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Last month Mr. Sarkozy rolled eyeballs around the Republic when his son Jean, 23
and not finished with college, was tapped as a candidate to run Paris'
wealthiest district, La Defense. A slightly shocked public reaction brought a
withdrawal from Sarkozy the younger.

Now French media reports that Sarkozy's older son Pierre, 24 and a hip-hop music
producer who goes by the name Mosey, was given a questionable boost by the
Elysees Palace last month to secure a grant from a private music consortium.

The flap is minor but follows an announcement last week by the Palace of a
four-month national discussion over French identity and values, which includes
the veritable concept here of equality.

A bit more of a prodigal son than brother Jean, Pierre Sarkozy (he has produced
for French rapper Doc Gyneco, met US rapper Diddy, and was at Timbaland's
high-profile 2008 wedding in Aruba) applied in September for funds from the
Society for Record Producers, or SCPP. The amount requested was less than
[#x201a]¬10,000 ($15,000). But Sarkozy was turned down under rules that only
society members (which include Sony and EMI) can receive grants.

Shortly after, according to music industry website ElectronLibre and media
including the intrepid Rue 89, an advisor to President Sarkozy contacted the
heads of SCPP. French media reports the outcome was an agreement to review the
grant proposal.

Yesterday Sarkozy advisor Eric Garandeau said he had been in touch with SCPP
official Marc Guez. But in a press release to Agence France-Press he described
the call as routine, saying the palace is "always solicited by producers who
have been refused" by the SCPP. Mr. Garandeau said he communicated both orally
and in writing that the palace was not asking for a favor and that Pierre
Sarkozy was not mentioned by name.

In turn, Rue 89 queried whether it is "in the remit of an adviser of the French
president to find out why his son's dossier was refused by an independent body?"

The Palace does have ties to the music industry through First Lady Carla Bruni,
the fashion model and pop singer who has just appeared on a new album by Harry
Connick Jr. covering the early Beatles song "And I Love Her."

The two young men are from President Sarkozy's first marriage. Jean Sarkozy has
tread more in his father footsteps. He looks and speaks like the president and
welcomes media coverage. Pierre Sarkozy has long locks and eschews the
spotlight. His rap career is vaguely known by the public. As interior minister,
Nicolas Sarkozy was involved in legal action against some rap artists and
industry figures over public statements that allegedly contained hostile
messages about French police.

The Jean Sarkozy affair in October involved Sarkozy's son being leapfrogged over
the serving president of La Defense's wealthy urban council. The plan was to
replace the council's chief, an experienced official named Patrick Devedjian,
with the younger Sarkozy. He still sits on the board of the council; it is
speculated he may try to run for the seat in 16 months.

Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized during the 2007 presidential campaign for issuing
an all-points bulletin to French police to recover a scooter stolen from Jean
Sarkozy. The effort involved significant hours of detective work, which is often
not attempted when the scooters of ordinary people are pilfered, critics said.

During the media buzz on Pierre, a piece from Vanity Fair cited his meeting with
the American rapper Sean Combs - aka Puff Daddy, Puff Diddy, P.Diddy, and now
Diddy - in New York. Mr. Diddy's assistant didn't know who "these white guys
were," Vanity Fair said, but was soon told, after which rapper Diddy reportedly
said, "Hey prince of France, come and see me."

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           February 20, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

`U.S. duty will destroy value-added industry': Brink wants gov't to take action

BYLINE: Gordon Hoekstra, The Citizen

SECTION: SECOND FRONT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 344  words


The Canadian and B.C. governments should push to exempt value-added producers
from any countervailing duties the U.S. slaps on softwood imports, a Prince
George lumber remanufacturer said Monday.

A U.S. countervailing duty -- which the powerful American lumber lobby says it
will launch at the end of the five-year lumber agreement on March 31 -- would
destroy the value-added industry in Northern B.C., said Brink Forest Products
president John Brink.

American lumber producers claim Canadian manufacturers are unfairly subsidized
by the province's managed timber pricing systems. Those concerns sparked the
negotiation and signing of the five-year softwood lumber agreement which sets
duty-free shipment caps into the U.S.

But Brink said many value-added companies buy their lumber on the open market,
competing against U.S. value-added producers. As a result, those companies
``should not be deemed to be subsidized in any manner,'' said Brink, the former
president of the B.C. Value Added Council.

``I don't understand it. Neither the federal nor the provincial government
appear to be doing much about the impending crisis and are either complacent or
in a state of paralysis,'' said Brink. ``Everyone appears to be sitting back
waiting for the axe to fall.''

Neither the Canadian nor B.C. government lumber trade officials could be reached
for comment Monday.

The U.S. presidential election, the delay in determining a winner and the
selection of a new senior U.S. administration had set back lumber trade talks
between the two countries.

Prime Minister Jean Chretien has met with President George W. Bush, putting
forward the idea of setting up special envoys to put in motion high-level talks
on the softwood lumber file.

The Canadian lumber industry has banded together under a cross-country alliance
to fight the impending countervail duty case through American and world trade
organizations.

The U.S. Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports has said it will also be launching an
anti-dumping case against Canada, which would be added to the 30% duty on lumber
it's seeking.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (John) Brink ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved

                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            February 6, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FIRST Edition

Wine chief lured back to Oz

BYLINE: Chris Snow

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 364  words


AUSTRALIA'S wine industry has a major chance to develop a reputation for its
super-premium and luxury wines in the US, incoming Hardy Wines chief, John
Grant, believes.

Mr Grant, a Victorian with a strong background in the Australian and US wine and
beer industries, is returning to Australia to run Hardy's after eight years as a
senior executive with major US producer Jackson Estate Wines in California.

''The US (market) continues to grow at 6-7 and even 8 per cent per annum and is
a market that continues to trade up in value,'' he told BusinessDaily from
California yesterday.

''It has to be the most attractive potential market place in the world for
wine.''

The US wine market is Australia's second largest customer, taking 219.1 million
litres worth $923.6 million last year, just behind Britain.

Mr Grant said there had been substantial movement in the over $US10 a bottle
range, and particularly in the greater than $US15 categories, the market
segments where producers had to build reputation based on appellation (regions).

''Australia is behind the curve on that,'' he said.

Most emphasis in the past 10 to 15 years had been on ''sunshine in a bottle''
wines priced below $US10, helping develop a reputation for quality wines.

''From that base we have an opportunity to develop at higher price points to
build a string niche business for appellation sourced wines in the super-premium
and luxury categories.

''That's the next-tier opportunity for Australian wines in the US.''

He says that France is obviously a major competitor in the category but so are
the high-end producers, Italy and Spain.

Until recently, Mr Grant, 47, was chief of staff and chief marketing officer for
Jackson Wines Estates, concentrating on production and mergers and acquisitions.

He had previously been president of subsidiary Kendall Jackson Wines, which
produces four million cases of premium wines annually.

After four years in London as international marketing director for Lion Nathan,
Mr Grant became director of marketing at Penfold's Wine Group working on the
Lindeman's integration.

The work, which involved re-positioning competing brands, won him the 1997
''Australian Marketer of the Year'' award.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

People (July 24)

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 531 words


Peretto

Bo Peretto has been named vice president of Administration and Operations at the
Daniels Fund where he oversees building operations and various administrative
functions.

He is a graduate of the 2009 class of Leadership Denver and previously served as
assistant vice president of Administration at Young Americans Bank and Center
for Financial Education.

The Daniels Fund is the legacy of cable pioneer Bill Daniels and awards grants
and scholarships in Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming.

Mora

Air Force Airman Phylicia J. Mora graduated from basic military training at
Lackland Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas.

The airman completed an intensive, eight-week program that included training in
military discipline and studies, Air Force core values, physical fitness, and
basic warfare principles and skills.

Airmen who complete basic training earn four credits toward an associate in
applied science degree through the Community College of the Air Force.

She is the daughter of Laura Wahlquist of Carnegie Drive, Dallas, Texas, and
granddaughter of Jose Mora of Rodeo, N.M.

Mora is a 2004 graduate of Bryan Adams High School, Dallas.

Stocktons

Buddy and Barbara Stockton, of Deming, own one bull listed in the 2009 Fall Sire
Evaluation Report published by the American Angus Association(r) in Saint
Joseph, Mo. Issued in both the spring and fall, the new report features the
latest performance information available on 6,305 sires, and is currently
accessible at www.angussiresearch.com.

"This report provides both Angus breeders and commercial cattle producers using
Angus genetics with accurate, predictable selection tools for improving their
herd," says Bill Bowman, American Angus Association chief operating officer and
director of performance programs. Expected Progeny Differences are generated
from the performance database of the American Angus Association, which includes
information submitted by over 9,400 Angus breeders this past year through the
Association's Beef Improvement Records program.

The Fall 2009 evaluation includes updated research reports for heifer pregnancy
and docility. Decision-making tools also include $Values, the suite of
bio-economic indexes designed to assist commercial producers in simplifying the
genetic selection process.

The semiannual analysis for the Sire Evaluation Report contains more than 17
million measures used to generate over 51 million EPDs for the Angus breed.

The American Angus Association with headquarters in Saint Joseph, Mo., provides
programs and services for nearly 33,000 members nationwide and thousands of
commercial producers who use Angus genetics. Go to www.angus.org for more
information.

Jacobsen

NEWPORT, RI - Kelsey Jacobsen of Deming, is a sophomore at Salve Regina
University, has been named to the Dean's List for the Spring 2009 semester. To
qualify for the Dean's List, full-time students must earn a minimum grade point
average of 3.5 without receiving a grade below a 'B' in that semester. A
Catholic, co-educational institution, Salve Regina was founded in 1947 by the
Religious Sisters of Mercy. Its 75-acre campus borders the famed Cliff Walk in
Newport's historic Ochre Point/Bellevue Avenue neighborhood

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 March 11, 1999

Taste of success for small firms

SECTION: Supplement: Business

LENGTH: 453 words


AN increasing number of small Westcountry companies are enjoying a taste of
success thanks to a three-year grant scheme to promote the region's burgeoning
food and drinks sector.

The GBP 1.4 million Capital Grant Programme was launched a year ago by Food and
Farming Minister Lord Donoughue and has already provided GBP 232,000 worth of
grant aid to 15 companies throughout the parts of Devon, Cornwall and Somerset
within the European Objective 5b area.

The scheme has allowed companies to purchase items of equipment and expand
facilities.

The aim is to make food and drink companies in the region more efficient and
competitive and to maximise profits ultimately leading to expansion and more
jobs.

The Westcountry has a large number of small, independent food producers who aim
at the quality end of the market and the scheme aims to encourage and promote
these businesses.

The scheme is managed by Taste of the West, a speciality food producers
cooperative, and Business Link Devon and Cornwall, the Prosper business service

Diana Wastenage, of Exeter based Taste of the Waste, said: "The scheme came
about because we saw there was a need to support the small producers.

"We are aiming to give them a step up to make them more secure financially and
maximise their profitability.

"We are not there to give them the whole amount for the expansion but to help
them grow on a sound basis."

Ms Wastenage added that the food and drinks industry was increasing in value in
the Westcountry and was an expanding market.

"We go in and offer them money and our marketing and business consultancy advice
as well. When we launched the grants we were inundated with companies wanting
help.

"We are trying to spread this money around thinly rather than giving big grants
to the bigger companies."

Money for the scheme has come from the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food and the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund.

Grants are awarded for up to 50% of the total cost of a scheme. The maximum size
of schemes eligible for the grants is GBP 70,000 with a maximum grant of GBP
35,000 per application.

Taste of the West say one of the main advantages of the grants is the ease of
access to companies often run by one or two people who do not have the time and
expertise to devote to lengthy applications.

The average length of time for a grant to be decided is around three months,
although the quickest so far achieved results in just five weeks.

The success of the programme can be seen in the raw figures.

So far, projects from 15 companies worth GBP 654,000 have received funding.

A total of 92 jobs have been created and 95 jobs maintained, according to Taste
of the West.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 1999 Western Morning News

                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Yass Tribune

                               December 14, 2010

Raining relief to aid disaster recovery

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 333  words


Millions of dollars is potentially available to the Yass Valley to help with
disaster recovery.

The formal declaration of Yass as a national disaster area last week means
individuals, small business owners, farmers and council are among those who can
apply for relief grants.

Community Services (formerly DoCS) can provide grants for essential household
contents, or essential structural repairs. The assistance is available to low
income earners who are not covered by insurance.

Small business owners and primary producers may find they are eligible for a
loan of up to $130,000 at a concessional interest rate of 2.77 per cent. This
finance is only available to those who are unable to obtain assistance through
normal channels.

Transport freight subsidies of up to 50 per cent (to a total value of $15,000
per annum) on the carriage of livestock and fodder are also available to primary
producers.

Sporting clubs can apply for assistance up to $12,000, where essential club
facilities have been damaged or destroyed.

Loan assistance up to $25,000 is available to churches and other not-for-profit
organisations for the restoration

of essential facilities that have been damaged or destroyed.

Council is likely to be the major beneficiary, through several grant schemes.
Director of Operations Simon Cassidy has estimated the approximate damage bill
to roads in the region of being somewhere between $3 and $5 million. Grants are
available to meet 100 per cent of eligible emergency works and 75 per cent of
eligible restoration works up to $116,000 with 100 per cent cost recovery beyond
that level.

RTA grants are available to help councils to permanently restore roads and
bridges to pre-disaster standards. These grants meet 75 per cent of the first
$116,000 expenditure and 100 per cent beyond that level.

Grants are also available to meet the additional costs of emergency work to
restore essential services, including the provision of emergency levee banks,
which are in excess of normal operations.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             July 12, 2002, Friday

Grants 'favour' film firm

BYLINE: Rosemary Odgers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 288 words


THE State Government had repeatedly directed work and taxpayer-funded grants to
a firm which produced its election campaign television advertisements, the
Opposition claimed yesterday.

A Budget estimates committee hearing was told post-production company Cutting
Edge Post had benefited from Pacific Film and Television Commission funding.

Earlier this week, it emerged Cutting Edge had received eight other grants from
the Beattie Government since April 1999.

The company has been involved in controversy for several months after the
Opposition claimed it had received the grants after working on Labor's election
campaign and director John Patrick Lee had been jailed for official corruption
relating to government video productions in 1994.

Yesterday it was revealed that Blurred, a film he co-produced, received $440,000
in PFTC funding last year.

Opposition spokesman Stuart Copeland said details of the funding proved the
Government had been giving Cutting Edge direct and indirect financial aid. "It's
getting a leg-up right across the board," he said.

But PFTC chief executive Robin James said the $440,000 had been invested in the
film early last year, before Lee became a co-producer, under a deal signed with
lead producers Pictures in Paradise.

Mr James said the PFTC was not involved in the deal, and would recoup its
investment once the film began making a profit.

He said that "we work with a number of post-production companies" and Cutting
Edge, one of the state's biggest two, had done work to the value of $34,778 for
the PFTC in the past five years.

"We had no involvement in Mr Lee becoming a producer on the film, and so saying
we gave him a grant is wrong," Mr James said.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

LENGTH: 387  words


CLAREMORE - Rogers State University has established a new center to help
entrepreneurs and agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast
Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               February 24, 2012

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 445 words


Scope for higher margins from LFA sheep

     ·    ? Higher margins can be earned by Less Favoured Area sheep producers
          who concentrate on achieving better physical performance, which is the
          biggest driver of better results, says EBLEX.


Net margins for LFA breeding flocks rose by nearly £4 a ewe to £7.80 a head in
the year to the end of March 2011. Poorer performing flocks could significantly
improve returns by lifting rates for lambs born and reared per 100 ewes, return
per lamb sold finished and lamb weights.

However, producers still need to watch costs - there is a £5.83 a ewe difference
in labour costs between top and bottom third producers, according to EBLEXs'
Business Pointers report.

Business Pointers will shortly be replaced by a new free costings service called
Stocktake, for which EBLEX is recruiting producers. Suzie Horne

BPEX offers cash for your ideas

     ·    ? Have you got an innovative idea but not enough cash to try it out?


BPEX is offering grants of up to 50% to pig producers and businesses to help
them develop their idea and, if it works well, spread the word to other
producers.

The scope is broad, from home-grown ideas from the farm, to technology from
another sector or overseas, or a new process to improve efficiency or save
labour.

A BPEX Knowledge Transfer Manager can help develop ideas further and give
guidance on the application form. Previous projects have ranged from £6,000 to
£24,000 in total value. Contact kt@bpex.ahdb.org.uk for more information. Robyn
Vinter

Solar support uncertainty continues

     ·    ? The government has gone ahead with a last ditch attempt to overturn
          a High Court hearing that ruled plans to cut the Feed-in Tariff
          retrospectively were illegal.


The Department of Energy & Climate Change confirmed it had appealed to the
Supreme Court after a hearing in the Court of Appeal last month failed to reach
a verdict. It prolongs by several months the uncertainty about what level of
support solar arrays installed between 12 December 2011 and 3 March 2012 will
receive. Paul Spackman

Focus on energy to save money

     ·    ? Want to find out how to save money for your farm business by
          improving energy use and cutting greenhouse gas emissions? If so, then
          head to Oxfordshire next Monday (27 February) for the "Save
          moneysaving emissions" conference.


The practical event will outline the pressures facing farmers and show how
simple and strategic changes can benefit your business. It will feature speakers
from the industry, plus workshops led by farmers outlining what actions they
have taken on their own farms.

Tickets cost £35 for farmers. Seewww.farmcarboncuttingtoolkit.orgor call Adam
Twine on 01367 700 616 for more information. Paul Spackman

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2012 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ontario Farmer

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Support for craft cider brewers; A government grant will help implement a study
on European apple varieties suitable for local cider production

BYLINE: Steph Smith, Ontario Farmer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 533  words


The federal and provincial governments recently announced an investment in
Ontario&;#39;s craft cider industry, an investment that will help to grow the
sector by increasing market access and create new economic opportunities.

Receiving a grant of up to $220,000 is the Ontario Craft Cider Association
(OCCA) under the Growing Forward 2 initiative.

&;#34;The Ontario Craft Cider Association welcomes the federal and provincial
governments&;#39; support,&;#34; said Thomas Wilson, chair of OCCA, in a press
release.

The grant will go toward implementing a study on European apple varieties for
local craft cider production, evaluating cider cultivars in five distinct
growing regions, as well as creating a benchmark for growers when establishing
new orchards. The funding is part of nearly $400,000 in federal and provincial
support.

&;#34;I see this study with great business interest because of its potential to
elevate our industry to a higher value chain in the cider industry,&;#34; said
Richard Liu, owner of Ironwood Cider in Niagara-on-the-Lake. &;#34;It would also
generate actual findings for interested apple growers who look to diversify
their current apple growing mix.&;#34;

While the initiative and grant targets Ontario&;#39;s craft cider industry,
smaller producers and growers feel they may not have as much, if any, benefit
from it, unlike their larger, more established counterparts.

&;#34;We are naturally in full support [of] any government grants for our
industry,&;#34; said Felix Wittholz of Empire Cider Co. in Codrington, ON.
&;#34;Due to our small size, I can&;#39;t really speak to this particular
fund.&;#34;

Wittholz said the research grant might be able to provide useful data to larger
producers and growers over time, but that he sees no short-term benefit to his
operation at this time since Empire Cider Co. is still in start up mode.

According to Agriculture and Agr i-Food Canada (AAFC), the cider industry is
constantly changing and evolving in Canada, especially in Ontario, with
production concentrated here and in other apple-growing regions such as Quebec,
British Columbia and Nova Scotia.

While the industry is still relatively young, Lui believes Canada has a good
chance to compete globally in ciderspecific cultivars, such as in bitter-sharp
and bitter-sweet varieties.

By growing European apple varieties, Ontario&;#39;s craft cideries will be able
to augment their markets and become more competitive with already established
European cider imports.

&;#34;Canada has a growing craft cider industry and Ontario is recognized as
being a key player,&;#34; said Lawrence MacAulay, federal minister of AAFC, in a
press release. &;#34;This investment will support increased competitiveness in
the craft cider sector in the province, which in turn benefits the Canadian
economy.&;#34; Ontario craft cider is one of the fastest-growing sales
categories through the Liquor Control Board of Ontario, with sales rising 89 per
cent per year from 2011 to 2015.

According to AAFC, cider is projected to reach $226.3 million in retail sales
for 2016, an increase of 26 per cent from 2012 ($179.4 million), and an increase
of 151 per cent overall from 2006 ($90 million) to 2016.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo By Steph Smith; Ontario craft cider is one of the fastest-growing
sales categories through the Liquor Control Board of Ontario, with sales rising
89 per cent per year from 2011 to 2015.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Ontario Farmer
                              All Rights Reserved

                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Border Mail

                                 March 14, 2016

BYLINE: ASHLEY WALMSLEY

SECTION: HORTICULTURE

LENGTH: 766  words


THE number of Australian wineries is falling.

The figure comes despite exports enjoying a healthy rise and forecasts for
further growth in coming years.

According to the latest annual Australian and New Zealand Wine Industry
Directory (WID) released last week, the number of wine producers decreased for
the second consecutive year to 2468 in 2016, down by 13 since 2015.

This is 105 fewer than the all'time peak of 2573 in 2014.

The directory, now in its 34th edition, has listed Australian wine companies
that commercially sell wine every year since 1983.

Directory editor Elizabeth Bouzoudis said the number of wine producers was on a
downward trend after three decades of booming growth, although winegrape intake
increased marginally to 1,669,564 tonnes.

"We have to go back to 1987 to find the last time the number of wineries
decreased for two consecutive years," she said.

"We are seeing now the results of low profitability across the industry, and we
believe there will be more exits from the list over the next year through
closures and mergers."

The change in the number of wine producers was uneven around the country.

Numbers increased slightly in South Australia, Victoria and Tasmania, but were
lower in other states and territories, with Queensland down from 85 to 79, WA
down from 366 to 358 and NSW/ACT down from 469 to 463.

The WID said winemakers had responded to calls from industry bodies in recent
years to reduce production, causing many grapegrowers to leave the industry.

This is reflected in the total area of Australia's vineyards continuing to
decline in 2014'15.

Australian Bureau of Statistics show total vineyard area (including
not'yet'bearing areas) decreased by 9 per cent from 148,507ha in the previous
survey in 2011'12 to 135,178ha in 2014'15.

Vineyard area has now declined by 22pc from the record level of 2006'07, and is
lower than any time since 1999, the WID reported.

Producers advised they used 155 varieties to produce straight varietal or
blended wines, including new varieties introduced which has become a trend of
recent years.

Although winery numbers have declined, the forecast for exports is in healthy
territory.

More than 60pc of Australia's annual wine production is exported.

The recent Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences
(ABARES) Outlook 2016 agricultural commodities report documented that in 2014'15
the value of wine exports rose by 7pc to just under $2 billion.

This is the first year-on-year increase since 2006'07.

"Driving this increase was a 4pc rise in wine export shipments, to almost 745
million litres, and a 3pc increase in average unit export value," ABARES
reported.

"The increase in export shipments largely reflected growth in consumer demand in
Asian markets, particularly China and Hong Kong.

"Australia's major export destinations for wine include Canada, China, Hong
Kong, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.

"In 2014'15 these six markets accounted for around three-quarters of Australia's
wine exports, in both value and volume terms.

"The two largest markets, the United States and the United Kingdom, together
accounted for 57pc of total export volume and 42pc of export value."

ABARES predicted the value of Australian wine exports to increase by 9pc in
2015'16 to just under $2.17 billion, reflecting a 13pc rise in average unit
export value more than offsetting a 3pc decline in export volume.

"In 2016'17 wine exports are forecast to grow by a further 2pc to $2.22 billion.
Continued growth in exports to China and Hong Kong - although at a slower rate
than in recent years - and a slow recovery in demand from the more traditional
markets of the United States and the United Kingdom and other EU countries are
expected to support small increases in volume and unit export value," the report
said.

The WID said the rise in wine exports was led in terms of volume by Accolade
Wines which was boosted significantly by its acquisition of Grant Burge Wines.

Treasury Wine Estate remains on top of the list for value of wine exports.

In addition to Accolade Wines acquisition of Grant Burge Wines, Peter Lehmann
Wines sale in late 2014 to Casella Family Brands contributed to industry
consolidation.

Accolade remains comfortably on top of the list of Australia's largest wine
companies in terms of winegrape intake.

The 610'page WID includes a listing of wine producers, grapegrowers, suppliers,
distributors, retailers, universities, research and education facilities,
writers, wine publications, wine blogs, organisations, events and wine shows and
industry personnel ' updated annually.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Thomas Tribune (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2015

USD A Commits $2.5 Million to Expand New Farmer Education

BYLINE: The Thomas Tribune staff

LENGTH: 402  words


Training Will also Help Returning Service Members, Underserved, and Urban
Producers

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that $2.5 million in
grants is now available for projects to educate new and underserved farmers
about more than 20 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency
programs that can provide financial, disaster or technical assistance to the
agricultural community.

The grants will be awarded to nonprofits and public higher education
institutions that develop proposals to improve farmer education on topics such
as financial training, value-added production, recordkeeping, property
inheritance, and crop production practices.

"We want to partner with nonprofits, colleges and universities who share USDA's
priority of helping more Americans enter farming as a profession, whether they
are new or underserved farmers, returning Service members, minorities, women,
and urban producers or those who sell their crops locally," said Harden.

USDA will conduct four evaluation periods to review applications, with the
deadlines of Nov. 20, 2015, Jan. 22, 2015, Mar. 18, 2016, and May 27, 2016.
Awards between $20,000 and $100,000 per applicant will be available. To learn
more about the funding solicitation and the related

Farm Service Agency programs, details can be found at www.grants.gov with the
reference number USDA-FSA-CA-2015-001. For nonprofits and public institutions of
higher education that are considering participation, an online informational
session will be conducted on Sept. 28, 2015. Additional information is posted on
the Web at www.fsa.usda.gov/outreach.

This funding builds on historic investments made in rural America over the past
six years and supports programs enacted by the 2014 Farm Bill, which achieved
meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for the taxpayer.

Since enactment, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has progressively
implemented each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Thomas Tribune

                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               November 05, 2014

Indian Investor Eyes Zimalloys

LENGTH: 516 words


FERROCHROME producer ZimAlloys requires between $24 million and $30 million to
fix three of the firm's dilapidated furnaces to ramp production and turnaround
its fortunes.

An Indian investor is carrying out due diligence on the company after which the
investor is expected to present his offer to acquire controlling equity.

Judicial manager Mr Reggie Saruchera confirmed in an interview yesterday that
the investor was still on the ground looking at the situation at the troubled
company.

"We are waiting for the investor to complete the due diligence exercise.
(Largely) we want funding to repair the furnaces. We are looking at $6 million
to $10 million per furnace. So, we are looking at about $30 million for three
furnaces," he said.

"As such, we are waiting for the investor (to complete the due diligence) and to
give us his offer. We have not signed papers with the investor," Mr Saruchera
said.

Earlier reports had indicated that the ferrochrome producer had short-listed
four prospective investors, among them AfroChine Smelting, to acquire
controlling stake.

Grant Thornton and Camelsa was reportedly evaluating the bids, having rejected
proposals by local suitors for failure to demonstrate financial capacity to
invest.

Operations at the firm were mothballed at the height of economic instability in
2008 after a plunge in global metal prices and may require up $150 million to
revive.

ZimAlloys' finances were also hurt by a Government ban on export of unprocessed
chrome ore and chrome fines as part of efforts to promote value addition.

Value addition and beneficiation is one of the four main clusters in
Government's medium-term blueprint, the Zimbabwe Agenda for Sustainable
Socio-Economic Transformation.

Mines and Mining Development Minister Walter Chidhakwa recently said there was
huge external demand for unprocessed chrome, which has heightened calls to lift
the ban.

Ferrochrome, made from smelting chrome ore, is widely used in the manufacturing
of stainless steel. ZimAlloys controls 40 percent of local chrome reserves.

The ferrochrome producer is controlled 85 percent by businessman and Interfin
founder Mr Farai Rwodzi's Benscore Investment. The firm requires huge investment
to bring it back to life, including the need to replace its antiquated
technology.

South Africa's Metmar held about 13,1 percent shareholding in ZimAlloys, which
was controlled by Anglo American Plc until 2005 when the firm offloaded its
interest.

The company last year resorted to sifting the dumps for sale just to secure
funds to support operations. A South African firm once considered a rescue
package for ZimAlloys.

Zimbabwe's ferrochrome production sector is dominated by four main players, with
ZIMASCO and ZimAlloys the biggest and oldest producers.

The other two smaller producers who are in the country are Maranatha Ferrochrome
and Oliken Ferroalloys.

Ninety-five percent of chromium resources are geographically concentrated in
southern Africa and Zimbabwe is estimated to host over 80 percent of the world's
resources of metallurgical1 quality chromite, mainly on the mineral rich Great
Dyke.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 25, 1985 Thursday

Ipsco files dumping charge   over imports of U.S. casings

BYLINE: JOHN PARTRIDGE; GAM

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: Regina SK


By  JOHN PARTRIDGE
                           Globe and Mail Reporter
    REGINA  - In a move as significant for its symbolism as its substance,
 Ipsco Inc. has filed an anti-dumping complaint against certain grades of
 steel oil- and gas-well casing imported from the United States.

The complaint, lodged with Ottawa yesterday, alleges that so-called
 "carbon grades" of casing from the United States have been sold in Canada
 at prices below their home market value and that the sales have caused
 Regina-based Ipsco material injury.

The company, a leading Canadian producer of steel pipe and tube for oil
 and gas field applications, has asked for an immediate investigation under
 the Special Import Measures Act.

If an investigation bears out Ipsco's allegations, anti-dumping duties
 equivalent to the difference between the selling price and the combination
 of home market value, freight and duty, will be assessed against future
 shipments from the United States.

The company said it "became alarmed" when imports of the U.S. products
 rose in the first quarter to a level that, if maintained throughout of the
 year, would be double 1984 imports.

The latest Statistics Canada figures show imports of so-called "oil
 country tubular goods" captured more than 50 per cent of the Canadian
 market in April. And according to Ipsco, U.S. producers had the largest
 share.

The company cites high import penetration as the "substantial cause" of
 the current low level of employment at its mills in Saskatchewan, Alberta
 and British Columbia.

Through a series of layoffs, the most recent one coming this month, it
 has cut its work force to about 1,500 employees from 2,460 at full
 production.

Although Ipsco said yesterday it plans shortly to file dumping
 complaints against other countries, its action against U.S. producers
 comes at a time of heightened tension between the Canadian and U.S. steel
 industries.

Financially stricken steel companies south of the border have been
 clamoring to have Canada included in the program of voluntary export
 restraint agreements instituted last September by President Ronald Reagan.
 The program is an attempt to combat unprecedented steel imports into the
 United States.

The U.S. industry blames high imports for its financial troubles, and
 Canada is the only major exporter of steel to the United States to be
 excluded from the restraint program.

It won the exemption through a massive lobbying campaign mounted by the
 industry and the federal and Ontario governments.

Ipsco's action is one of very few steel anti- dumping complaints ever
 launched against the United States. And while officials of Ipsco and other
 Canadian steel companies would not admit it in so many words, the action
 amounts to a signal to U.S. steel makers that the Canadian industry is
 prepared to fight back at what it regards as harassment designed to force
 it to negotiate a restraint agreement.

The Ipsco complaint came only two days after two U.S. steel companies -
 Lone Star Steel Co. and CF and I Steel Corp. - filed anti-dumping and
 countervailing duty actions against all oil country tubular goods imported
 from Canada.

The countervail duty action is particularly significant because it
 alleges Canadian pipe and tube producers have been trading in the United
 States unfairly because they have received government subsidies.

A major plank in the Canadian steel lobby's platform in Washington was
 that, unlike many offshore producers, it is a fair trader, partly because
 it has not received subsidies.

Although the countervail action, filed with the U.S. Commerce
 Department, lists all Canadian producers and the various government grant
 programs available here, it singles out Ipsco for special attention.

According to company president Roger Phillips, the complaint cites
 three items in particular:
    A grant received last year under the federal Enterprise Development
 Program for research into high-strength, flat-rolled alloy steel.

A $7.9-million note that is interest-free until next year, which was
 issued by the receiver from whom the company bought the assets of Ram
 Steel Corp. Ltd. of Red Deer, Alta., last year.

Certain grants Ipsco received in the late 1970s to modernize its melt
 shop and rolling mills.

Noting that the first two items had "nothing to do with oil country
 goods," Mr. Phillips dismissed as spurious the U.S. companies' claims that
 the transactions amounted to subsidies.
    "They are going on a fishing expedition," he said. "They're just
 throwing out everything they can find in the hopes that they'll get
 something that stands up."
    Mr. Phillips also said that the Lone Star- CF and I complaint had
 tipped the balance in terms of the timing of the Ipsco action.

While the company had been monitoring U.S. imports for some time, it
 had been "loathe to make a formal complaint" for fear of jeopardizing the
 wider issue of maintaining Canada's unfettered access to the U.S. steel
 market.

As well, at a meeting held in Toronto on Tuesday, Ipsco officials "got
 the impression the other (steel) companies would be pleased to see us
 going ahead," Mr. Phillips said.

James Melville, corporate secretary of Algoma Steel Corp. Ltd. of Sault
 Ste. Marie, Ont., agreed.

Algoma is also a major producer of oil country products and although it  is not
a co- petitioner in the Ipsco action and has never launched a  similar complaint
against the United States, Mr. Melville said: "I'd  encourage them (Ipsco) to
proceed if they feel they have sufficient  evidence. The Canadian industry has
to be diligent in filing."     He also dismissed the countervail allegations as
having no substance.     "I think some U.S. producers believe that by alleging
unfair trading  practices, they can put Canada in a bad light and force us to
negotiate a  restraint agreement," he said. "But I am quite confident they will
not  succeed."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      July 14, 1993, Wednesday, 1* EDITION

Crofton redials numbers to produce paper for telephone books

BYLINE: GORDON HAMILTON; VANSUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 329 words


A $ 15-million paper machine conversion is expected to keep Fletcher Challenge's
Crofton mill competitive and workers employed through a period of soft demand
industry wide.

Fletcher Challenge Canada announced Tuesday plans to convert one of its three
newsprint machines at Crofton to more valuable telephone directory paper.

The conversion marks the company's entry into the growing directory market at a
time when newsprint sales are soft.

Mill vice-president Wayne Grant said the change will reduce the company's
exposure to over-supplied newsprint markets.

"This will ensure we don't lose jobs as a result of the newspaper business,"
Grant said of the conversion expected to be completed by next March.

The 1,200 mill workers have already gone through one shutdown earlier in the
year because of a world oversupply of pulp.

Also affecting newsprint producers are requirements in the U.S. for higher
recycled content. Some states require 40-per-cent recycled fibre in 25 per cent
of the paper used.

In its paper products, the Crofton mill currently uses an over-all mix of about
15 per cent recycled pulp purchased from Lower Mainland-based Newstech
Recycling. The new directory paper will contain some recycled fibre, said Grant.

He also said the conversion will reduce the mills's annual newsprint capacity by
140,000 tonnes but enable it to produce 94,000 tonnes of directory paper and
lightweight newsprint paper.

The move is a small step by Fletcher Challenge towards higher value products,
said Price Waterhouse partner Mike MacCallum.

He viewed it as positive, saying it indicates growing confidence in B.C. paper
production. "It's an example of where the companies would like to go: Up the
value-added chain," he said.

Directory paper sells for a higher price than newsprint and international demand
has been growing, specifically in Pacific Rim countries. In B.C., MacMillan
Bloedel is the major producer of directory paper.


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             June 23, 1990 Saturday

GOVT GRANT TO TEXTILER UNDER FIRE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COLLIE G

LENGTH: 195 words


Govt grant to textiler under fire A $36 MILLION Federal Government grant to
giant synthetic fibre maker Du Pont was hypocritical, wool producers claimed
yesterday. United Graziers Association president Mr Bill Bonthrone said the
Government had sold out the wool industry by forcing a lower floor price and
""now they make an upfront grant to an international company that is in direct
competition with wool producers". The one-off grant, under the textile
manufacturing bounty scheme, is part of a package involving Du Pont's takeover
of local firm Fibremakers. Wool Council of Australia senior vice president Mr
Mac Drysdale said the value to the economy of wool's $4 billion export earnings
had been ignored. The Government grant to build exports of artificial fibres in
competition with wool was highly questionable. ""The platitudes expressed by the
Primary Industries Minister, Mr Kerin, about his concern for the marketing of
wool now sound very hollow," Mr Drysdale said. ""Woolgrowers have been treated
with contempt by this subsidy to a major competitor just weeks after our
industry's international credibility was destroyed ." _ GORDON COLLIE

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

USDA funding availale for Ec. development

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announced today the availability of competitive grant funds to support the
development of rural cooperatives.

Across the nation a total of $5.8 million is available this year for the Rural
Coop Development Grant (RCDG) program and an additional $3 million will be
available for Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants, a subset of the RCDG
program. The notices of funding availability appeared in the Federal Register on
April 30, 2014.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The primary objective of the RCDG
program is to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the start-up, expansion or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other business entities." Brunner added, "The grants are
awarded competitively on an annual basis to Rural Cooperative Development
Centers who in turn provide technical assistance to individuals and entities."

The RCDG is available for non-profit corporations or higher education
institutions for the purpose of establishing or upgrading centers for training
in cooperative development. Each applicant can apply for up to $200,000, funds
are required for twenty-five percent of the total project cost. Grant funds may
be used to pay for up to 75 percent of the cost of establishing and operating
centers for rural cooperative development, or 95 percent in the case of tribal
land grant institutions. The grant term is one year. Applications that support
rural areas with at least 20 percent of the population at poverty level are
particularly encouraged.

An additional $3 million is available through the Small Socially-Disadvantaged
Producer Grants program for eligible applicants including; cooperatives and
groups of cooperatives as well as cooperative development centers who will
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers in rural areas. The maximum award amount is $200,000, and no matching
funds are required.

The deadline for both the RCDG and SSDPG funding through electronic applications
are due June 26, 2014, and hard-copy applications are due June 30, 2014.

For information on the application process please contact Rodney Peach the Rural
Business and Cooperative Service program director in New Mexico by calling
505-761-4953 or rodney.peach@nm.usda.gov more information for RCDG can be found
on this USDA webpage and for SSDPG on this USDA site.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 25, 2001, Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. d3

LENGTH: 600 words


Dairy Market Loss sign-up scheduled

Sign-up for the Dairy Market Loss Assistance III program begins Monday at county
Farm Service Agency offices.

The program will be available to dairy producers who were paid on less than 12
months base production under DMLA-I and DMLA-II, were new producers for calendar
year 2000, or for dairy producers who were eligible for DMLA I and DMLA-II and
never signed up for payments.

The payment rate for all dairy producers under DMLA-III will be 64.68 cents per
hundredweight on production up to 39,000 hundredweights.

Highland hosts certified livestock training session

FREEPORT, Ill. - Highland Community College in Freeport will host the regional
Certified Livestock Manager Training Session at 8:30 a.m. Thursday. The Illinois
Department of Agriculture will administer any required testing at 1:30 p.m.

Registration is required at least three days before the workshop. For more
information, contact the University of Illinois Extension office in Elizabeth at
815/858-2273.

Dairy Industry Vision Conference March 6

CALMAR, Iowa - The Dairy Industry Vision Conference will be held from 9:30 a.m.
to 3 p.m. March 6 at the T & I Building ICN room of Northeast Iowa Community
College's Calmar campus.

The Dairy Industry Vision Conference also will be broadcast live via the Iowa
Communications Network to three other sites across the state, including the
Manchester Public Library.

Topics include:

* Where is the U.S. dairy industry headed?

* Adding value to milk - profitable small cheese plant operations.

* Fitting a dairy operation into the dairy industry structure and your family's
needs.

* Modernization options for Iowa dairies.

* Grazing as a dairy production option.

To register for the Dairy Industry Vision Conference at any of the sites, send a
check for $ 35 to Northeast Iowa Community College, Continuing Education, P.O.
Box 400, Calmar, Iowa 52132, or call 800/728-2256, ext. 399 to register with a
credit card.

Wisconsin accepting ag grants applications

MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin farmers, agribusinesses and ag entrepreneurs might be
eligible for state grants to bolster profits or productivity.

The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection is
accepting proposals now through March 15 for the 2001 Agricultural Development
and Diversification grant program.

Grants are awarded competitively to individuals, associations, agribusinesses
and industry groups. Selection criteria include factors such as industry impact,
adaptability by other producers, practicality, job creation and potential for
market development.

To receive an ADD request for proposal and application guidelines, call
608/224-5136, fax 608/224-5111, or e-mail mike.bandli@datcp.state.wi.us.

Documents also may be downloaded from the department's Web site at
datcp.state.wi.us/. Click on "Marketing."

Soybean site upgraded

URBANA, Ill. - The Strategic Soybean System (StratSoy) Web site at the
University of Illinois has been upgraded to include expert advice on weed
problems.

This source of information on weed management has been added to the "Soybean
Answers" section of the StratSoy Web site.

The weed management panel includes three experts who are available to answer
questions on all aspects of weed management in soybeans.

The new weed management site can be accessed on the Web at stratsoy.ag.uiuc.edu.
From there, users can click on the link under soybean answers and select the
option for weed management.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald

                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds Support to Expand Agriculture in Northern
Michigan

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the announcement that five
Northern Michigan farms, small businesses and cooperatives will receive funding
to develop marketing strategies for agricultural commodities. This support comes
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grant program.
This grant program was reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill and is
used to develop new agricultural products or create additional markets for
existing ones.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
farmers get more value from their products. That type of support can help
increase sales for local farmers and boost our small town economies."



 Agricultural products like fruits, vegetables - also known as "specialty crops"
- play a major role in Michigan agriculture. With the exception of California,
Michigan leads the nation in crop diversity, growing and producing more than 200
unique commodities. Senator Stabenow's Farm Bill strengthens the value-added
producer program and programs for specialty crop farmers, invests in the
research and promotion of specialty crops, supports programs to stop pest and
disease threats, and helps family farmers sell more goods locally.



 Today's announcement is part of a $34 million investment from USDA's Office of
Rural Development for 258 businesses across the country.



 Below are the Northern Michigan awardees:



 Brengman Brothers LLC. in Traverse City will receive $250,000 to expand the
market by opening a second tasting room in Grand Rapids.



 Campbell Milarch Vines, LLC. in Copemish will receive a $19,300 planning grant
to develop a business and marketing plan and study the potential benefit of
producing Michigan wine from vinifera grapevines.



 Indian Summer Cooperative, Inc. in Ludington will receive $250,000 to increase
production of applesauce cups and expand their market.



 Leelanau Fruit Company in Suttons Bay will receive a $5,015 planning grant to
study the benefits of expanding the local maraschino cherries market.



 Gallagher's Vineyard and Winery Corp in Cedar will receive $250,000 to turn 15
acres of grapes into wine and open a tasting room.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                December 7, 2002

Meeting On Aid Available For Restructuring Businesses

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 220 words


A special meeting to highlight the financial support schemes available to
farmers and crofters in the Highlands is being held next week.  NFU Scotland is
organising the meeting in the Eight Acres Hotel, Elgin, on Tuesday in
partnership with the Scottish Executive and Moray, Badenoch and Strathspey
Enterprise.

Tom Pottinger, the NFU Scotland Highland regional chairman, said: "Farmers are
being forced to review their businesses in light of continued low returns from
traditional agricultural activities.

"The Agricultural Business Development Scheme (ABDS) is designed to assist with
restructuring agricultural businesses or re-orientation of production. It can
support agricultural and non-agricultural diversification both on and off the
farm." Mr Pottinger said the processing and marketing grant scheme (PMGS) also
allowed producers to add value to agricultural produce.

He added: "Since ABDS started, farmers and crofters in the Highlands and Islands
have benefited from GBP 6million worth of support. Similarly, the PMGS has
awarded almost GBP 3.4million to producers in the area in order to add value to
Highlands and Islands produce.

"NFU Scotland has organised this meeting in order to highlight the financial
assistance available to farmers who may be considering re-structuring." Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2002 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              July 15, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Grant aids marketing, wheat sales

BYLINE: Jennifer Mock, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 463 words


A federal grant the state recently received will help add more cash value to
farmers' wheat, Oklahoma agriculture experts said Thursday.

And in a time when prices are down and production costs are soaring, wheat
farmers need all the help they can get, said Mark Hodges, executive director of
the Oklahoma Wheat Commission.

Oklahoma was one of 21 states to receive USDA marketing and research grants that
were awarded this week. Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Terry Peach said the
state was awarded almost $70,000 to assist in analyzing wheat quality and help
expand the Plains Grain Inc. program into surrounding states.

The program, started in Oklahoma last year, conducts quality based marketing,
which identifies traits of interest to potential buyers. Last year, Plains Grain
tested wheat for characteristics that millers and bakers look for to be able to
make quality products, including the grain's flour yield, the water absorption
rate, stability of the milled flour and loaf volume.

"Our work in the area of quality based marketing has increased our sales to
Mexico and helped open the door to direct trade with Cuba," Peach said. "Today
we can begin the process of expanding our capabilities even more."

In 2004, Plains Grain conducted tests only on Oklahoma wheat, but this year the
program expanded to five neighboring states. Regnier said some of the grant
money will be used to expand a regional structure for wheat marketing and will
help offset some of the costs each states' wheat commission is paying.

Hodges said the Oklahoma commission has spent about $19,000 testing Oklahoma
wheat, which allowed for millers to request very specific qualities from the
grain that Oklahoma producers are able to provide. But, as the millers request
more specific qualifications on the wheat they buy, the market needs to expand
to meet that need, Regnier said.

"Sometimes we have trouble filling orders for specific customer requirements,"
she said. "By expanding the program into other states we can serve a larger
customer base for our own growers and increase the value of Oklahoma wheat."

And Hodges said the increase in international orders are proof that millers are
willing to pay more for good quality wheat.

"We first began focusing on this type of marketing in 1997 with more direct rail
shipments to Mexico, which is our number one customer for hard red winter
wheat," he said. "Since that time, our direct shipments to Mexico have increased
over 500 percent.

"Economic research conducted by OSU indicates those direct shipments have
increased the cash price of wheat in Oklahoma by 7 cents per bushel," Hodges
said. "This grant is going to help take us to another level in this type of
marketing and I am confident it will ultimately result in adding more cash value
to our farmers' wheat."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic with photos: Wheat export supply chain - 1) Producer (farmer) -
BY DAVID McDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN; 2) Elevator (grain elevator) - BY DAVID
McDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN; 3) Miller (grain miller) - BY STEVE SISNEY, THE
OKLAHOMAN; 4) Baker (baker) - BY TY RUSSELL, THE OKLAHOMAN - ILLUSTRATION BY
STEVE BOALDIN, THE OKLAHOMAN GRAPHICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                               Advertiser Edition

A can-do approach with jobs at its core

BYLINE: NIGEL AUSTIN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 378 words


A NEW canning plant for apple cider and an expanded bottling plant for wine and
cider will be developed by Oakbank company Ashwood Estate following an $856,000
State Government Regional Development Fund grant.

The grant, to help the company's $3.5 million expansion of its Sidewood Estate
at Nairne, is expected to create at least 17 jobs, Ashwood Estate owner Owen
Inglis said.

Regional Development Minister Geoff Brock announced the grant yesterday, saying
it would significantly increase Sidewood's production capacity.

"A fully automated, industry best-practice bottling line will be installed which
is expected to produce 376,000 bottles of wine and cider annually by 2017," Mr
Brock said.

"A canning line will offer a new option for cider producers and improve export
competitiveness as a cheaper alternative to bottling." Mr Inglis said there was
no other cider canning facility in the Adelaide Hills and it would also produce
canned cider for other producers.

Canned cider had the benefits of being 30 per cent cheaper to produce, it was
easier to dispose of cans and consumers were turning rapidly to canned drinks
away from glass, he said.

He expects 50 per cent of its cider will be canned after the new plant starts in
July.

"We are providing new options for small companies looking for a commercially
viable way to value-add processing to their business, capturing new markets for
their product," Mr Inglis said.

"We are grateful for the funding support which will allow us to become the only
South Australian cider producer with the complete process under one roof - the
ability to mill, crush, ferment, keg, can and bottle.

Mr Brock also announced a $1 million RDF grant towards a major expansion of
Beerenberg Farm near Hahndorf.

He said the $8 million second stage of the expansion would create 19 ongoing
full-time positions and 35 construction jobs - and ensure the company's
expansion into national and international markets.

Beerenberg's managing director Anthony Paech said the ultimate goal was to
double sales by 2020. "This simply will not be possible without expanding our
facilities to give us the space," he said.â- The Advertiser and Sunday Mail's
JOBS SA 2016 campaign highlights small-business success stories. To take part,
email: features@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                               May 4, 2012 Friday

Big role for private equity in food sector

BYLINE: SUZANNE LYNCH

SECTION: FINANCE; Business News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 328 words


PRIVATE EQUITY investment is expected to play a big role in the Irish and
British food industry in the coming years, according to a Grant Thornton report.

Some 80 per cent of the 20 private equity houses questioned for the report into
the food industry expressed an interest in investing in the food sector.

However, according to Ciara Jackson, head of food and beverage at Grant
Thornton, investors are becoming more discerning about where to invest,
favouring well-known consumer brands rather than private-label food companies.

As private-label brands are generally sold into supermarket multiples, there is
a concern about the difficulty in getting listings. While food producers who
have contracts with supermarkets are in a good position, multiples tend to have
a small, tight group of suppliers.

Private-label businesses, whereby food producers manufacture own-branded
products for retailers, form a significant part of the operations of most Irish
food companies, with companies such as Kerry Group, Greencore and various meat
processors producing own-label products for supermarkets.

According to Ms Jackson, strong brands are performing relatively well.  What we
re seeing is the emergence of two kinds of consumers: the more affluent shopper
who is more careful about their purchase choice and happy to pay the premium for
a product if quality and value is there, and the budget shopper who makes their
shopping decisions on price.

Merger and acquisition (M&A) activity is also expected to be a key driver of
development in the Irish and British food and drink sector over the coming year,
the report found. It notes that while tough economic conditions in 2008 and 2009
forced a steep decline in MA activity, this rebounded last year.

Among the major acquisitions last year were Kerry s acquisition of Cargill s
flavour business, Greencore s purchase of Uniq and Premier Foods  sale of its
four Irish brands, Chivers, Erin, Gateaux and McDonnells, to Boyne Valley.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Producers challenged as leisure booms

SECTION: BUSINESS:ECONOMY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 735  words


Bristol and other parts of the West are bursting with vibrant bars, cafÃ©s and
restaurants but are food producers sharing in the boom?  Gavin Thompson
reports on the food and drink sector

Whether the food and drink sector is booming or at breaking point may depend on
which side of the industry you sit.

Farmers and food producers say they are under great pressure, as supermarkets
wage price wars that push down the value of their goods.

Meanwhile stroll around Bristol on an evening and you'll see bars and
restaurants packed with diners enjoying a vast choice of quality food and drink
outlets.

The city has seen an explosion in gourmet burger bars recently, for example,
with Five Guys, Plead the Fifth, Byron Burgers and MEATliquor all open or
opening soon. And that's only one niche area in one part of the West.

But even among food producers, there are opportunities for growth, according to
James Morter, partner at business advisors and accountants Grant Thornton in
Bristol.

He says the South West is rich in food producers and that the sector is becoming
one of the region's most successful exporters. In the West there are a number of
companies successfully doing just that, including Bath Ales, cider-maker
Thatchers, Pukka Teas, Lye Cross Farm with its cheeses and more.

Mr Morton says selling overseas is one of the best ways to keep a food business
strong.

"The supermarkets are very dominant in the domestic market," he said. "That puts
pressures on producers particularly in the current climate of price cuts.
Diversifying by moving into different markets is one of the best ways to make
your business more resilient."

He also believes overseas is a potential source of investment for the sector.

In central Bristol, however, the growth is in the retail and hospitality side of
the food and drink business.

Mr Morton highlights the fast growth of the Loungers bar chain, with its easy to
replicate model that allows it to expand while maintaining a local bespoke feel
to each premises. And there are others too. Boston Tea Party and Friska, for
example, are local businesses growing into regional or even national chains.

Sophia Sangchi of Christie + Co, a firm of agents which sell pubs, restaurants
and the like, says Bristol is a great place to operate right now.

"We are seeing Bristol continue to grow as a foodie capital outside London," she
said.

She says demand for good locations in the city centre is outstripping supply,
giving the 17th century Elephant pub in the Old City as an example which she has
shown to more than a dozen potentially serious buyers in only a couple of
months. But she believes businesses must have something special to be successful
in a competitive market.

"There appears to be more drive from consumers to go to the independent and
small multiple local operators who are trying something a bit different, rather
than the larger corporate offering," she said.

"Spanish tapas and wine bar Pata Negra in Corn Street has done very well in a
position that has been a little challenging for previous operators. Along with
the Cozy Club it is changing the face of Corn Street,  moving away from the hen
and stag sort of place which it had been three years ago. In order to have a
successful drinking establishment you need to offer something a bit different.
For example, the craft beer market has taken off with the Beer Emporium and
Naval Volunteer. King Street is becoming craft beer central. Then there's the
cocktail market with the Prohibition bars and speakeasys, such as Hyde & Co."

She puts the strength of the market down to a shift and rise in casual dining
market, with groups of young professionals going out with friends after work,
making eating out more of a regular occurrence than a special occasion.  The
rise of city centre living, with many offices being turned into flats, will only
add to that trend. There is one downside for those looking to sell premises,
however.

"People won't pay for the goodwill of the existing business anymore because they
plan to introduce a new concept," she said.

And despite high demand, Sophia still believes it's a good market for buyers.
"What people often don't realise is how cheap money is at the moment with very
low interest rates," she said. "You still need a deposit but there are some very
good finance deals out there." So, if you've got the right idea, it could be the
time to cash in on this fast growing market.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                              June 20, 1993 Sunday

Funding move to boost oyster trade

BYLINE: MIKE DUFFY

LENGTH: 420 words


South Australia's oyster industry, on track to earn $12 million a year in export
dollars, has been given a major funding boost by the State Government.
And Kangaroo Island wine, cheese and rural producers also will benefit from a
special grant under the Rural Industry Adjustment and Development Fund.
The Primary Industries Minister, Mr Terry Groom, said it was the first time the
fund had been used to finance new industry development.
He said SA's oyster industry, to receive $130,000, was one of the fastest
growing export earners in the State - with production gains running at 200 per
cent a year.
Mr Groom said Kangaroo Island - the recipient of a $10,000 grant - was fast
developing a reputation for fine, pure products, from honeys and island-made
dairy products to seafood - and also had a proven potential for fine wine.
"South Australia has the talent and primary production diversity to build a
stronger involvement in new value added and export industries and the support
available through the funding will ensure that these potentials are developed,"
Mr Groom said.
"The scheme is unique to SA and highlights the Government's real commitment to
encouraging economic development, value adding and the maintenance of rural
skills in rural communities." SA oyster sales currently are running at $2
million a year.
The industry's growth puts it on target to meet the national and international
export potential of about $12 million annually.
"Export growth can take place only if a shellfish quality assurance program is
instigated and completed, to meet global standards.
"The industry alone cannot fund the program without Government funding.
Therefore, I believe the grant is totally appropriate." Mr Groom said Kangaroo
Island was well on the way to developing a market identity for fine boutique
products.
"Grape growing trials on the island have verified the potential for a fine wine
industry and the quality of Kangaroo Island dairy products is excellent," he
said.
In January, Mr Groom announced the availability of $5 million in loans and
grants for new value added ventures within primary industries.
The fund had received 156 applications to date.
Funding assistance for other ventures would be announced shortly, Mr Groom said.

Mr Caj Amadio, chief executive of the Kangaroo Island Trading Company, which
acts as a marketing and distribution consultant to local producers, said the
grant would off-set investment in a number of production schemes.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: terry groom; caj amadio; Mr Groom Mr Amadio

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                              June 20, 1993 Sunday

Funding move to boost oyster trade

BYLINE: MIKE DUFFY

LENGTH: 420 words


South Australia's oyster industry, on track to earn $12 million a year in export
dollars, has been given a major funding boost by the State Government.
And Kangaroo Island wine, cheese and rural producers also will benefit from a
special grant under the Rural Industry Adjustment and Development Fund.
The Primary Industries Minister, Mr Terry Groom, said it was the first time the
fund had been used to finance new industry development.
He said SA's oyster industry, to receive $130,000, was one of the fastest
growing export earners in the State - with production gains running at 200 per
cent a year.
Mr Groom said Kangaroo Island - the recipient of a $10,000 grant - was fast
developing a reputation for fine, pure products, from honeys and island-made
dairy products to seafood - and also had a proven potential for fine wine.
"South Australia has the talent and primary production diversity to build a
stronger involvement in new value added and export industries and the support
available through the funding will ensure that these potentials are developed,"
Mr Groom said.
"The scheme is unique to SA and highlights the Government's real commitment to
encouraging economic development, value adding and the maintenance of rural
skills in rural communities." SA oyster sales currently are running at $2
million a year.
The industry's growth puts it on target to meet the national and international
export potential of about $12 million annually.
"Export growth can take place only if a shellfish quality assurance program is
instigated and completed, to meet global standards.
"The industry alone cannot fund the program without Government funding.
Therefore, I believe the grant is totally appropriate." Mr Groom said Kangaroo
Island was well on the way to developing a market identity for fine boutique
products.
"Grape growing trials on the island have verified the potential for a fine wine
industry and the quality of Kangaroo Island dairy products is excellent," he
said.
In January, Mr Groom announced the availability of $5 million in loans and
grants for new value added ventures within primary industries.
The fund had received 156 applications to date.
Funding assistance for other ventures would be announced shortly, Mr Groom said.

Mr Caj Amadio, chief executive of the Kangaroo Island Trading Company, which
acts as a marketing and distribution consultant to local producers, said the
grant would off-set investment in a number of production schemes.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: terry groom; caj amadio; Mr Groom Mr Amadio

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            June 22, 1989, Thursday

PIPE FIRMS WANT TAIWAN INCLUDED IN IMPORT CURBS

BYLINE: JENNIFER FRIEDLAND; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: IMPORTS, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Domestic producers of welded stainless steel pipe and tube are urging the Bush
administration to renew the expiring voluntary steel restraints and bring Taiwan
into the import restraint program.

The Specialty Tubing Group, an association of producers, contends that such
measures are "absolutely critical" to the continued recovery of U.S. steel
producers, which have been protected since 1984 by the Voluntary Restraint
greement program.

That program is scheduled to expire Sept. 30, but White House aides have
indicated that the president will make a decision about the program's future
later this month.

The president is expected to extend the VRAs, but the exact length and scope of
any new restraints are still not known.

Some Commerce Department officials, however, have indicated that restrictions on
some categories of steel, including stainless, could be eased.

The domestic association says that the Taiwanese suppliers, who captured 6.3
percent of the market for U.S. welded stainless steel pipe and tube, are
expanding their capacity in preparation for the VRA's expiration.

Two companies in particular, Yeun Chyang, and Ta Chen, have increased or are
increasing their capacity to produce welded stainless steel pipe and tube, the
group said.

Those expansions will enable the suppliers to have a total capacity equal to 60
percent to 80 percent of the entire U.S. market, it added. The domestic
association did stop short, however, of saying that the welded steel products
would all be exported to the U.S. market.

William K. Grant, chairman of the group, said that Taiwan has taken advantage of
its privileged non-VRA status to become one of the dominant foreign suppliers.

''There is no doubt that Taiwan's incursion into the U.S. market has been
brought about by its previous refusal to negotiate a VRA with the United
States," he said in a statement.

According to the group's data, Taiwan first shipped welded stainless steel pipe
and tube to the United States in 1985. But by 1986, Taiwan was the second
largest foreign supplier, after Canada. Last year, the association contends, it
was the leading foreign supplier of such welded steel exports.

Such data helps to provide "strong evidence" that the Taiwanese producers are
selling their welded stainless steel pipe and tube at less than fair value, Mr.
Grant said in a statement.

The group previously charged Canadian and Japanese suppliers with ''dumping"
their welded stainless steel pipe and tube in the U.S. market.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                             June 7, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 287  words


Awards extension

NOMINATIONS for the regional Landcare awards have been extended until next
Friday.

The awards recognise the achievements of groups and individuals in regional
areas, in categories including private and public lands, primary producers,
works on waterways and more. For details, visit www.ppwcma.vic.gov.au


A healthy alliance

CONSUMERS, grain producers and the food industry will benefit from new research
to measure the body's glycemic response to grains, ingredients and processed
foods. The CSIRO, with New Zealand Crop and Food Research, have formed the
GlycANZ alliance to develop products with a lower glycemic response. High
glycemic foods cause blood sugars to rise and have been linked to the risk of
diabetes and other conditions.


Food for thought

FEDERAL Government grants for food processors in regional and rural Australia
are available to improve value adding in products. Applicants may apply for
grants of up to $200,000 to help improve their businesses, with the benefits to
flow on to local communities. Past recipients include Tasmanian company
Naturale, which will install CSIRO technology to introduce omega three fatty
acids into milk and meat products. Applications close August 31. For details,
visit www.daff.gov.au/regionalfood, or phone 1300 794 550.


Drive for doctors

MORE new doctors will be available for rural and regional Victoria, under a
Deakin University plan to operate a new rural and regional medical training
program in Geelong. The Australian Government last month agreed to support 120
places each year and provide $18 million for infrastructure costs. The four-year
graduate course will start in 2008 and focus on meeting specific health needs,
including obstetrics and surgery.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Angola: Local Development Project

LENGTH: 467  words


Project ID: P105101
Project Status: Active
Approval Date 18-MAR-2010
Closing Date 31-JUL-2015
Region Africa
Major Sector (Sector) (%) Public Administration, Law, and Justice (Sub-national
government administration) (40%)


Education (General education sector) (25%)
Water, sanitation and flood protection (General water, sanitation and flood
protection sector) (15%)
Health and other social services (Health) (10%)
Health and other social services (Other social services) (10%)
Themes (%) Decentralization (7%)
Rural services and infrastructure (50%)
Participation and civic engagement (7%)
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise support (7%)
Municipal governance and institution building (29%)
The objectives of the Local Development Project (LDP) are: (a) to improve access
o f poor households to basic services and economic opportunities; and (b) to
enhance local institutional capacities among Angola%s municipalities. There are
three components to the project. The first component of the project is local
social and economic infrastructure. This component aims at increasing access for
poor households to improved social and economic infrastructures by financing the
rehabilitation and construction of basic public works and the acquisition of
essential goods in response to local development plans and through municipal
grants. To ensure proper operation and functioning of the infrastructures, the
LDP will introduce operation and maintenance user committees. The second
component of the project is local economic development. This component aims at
improving business development skills and participation in markets of selected
producer groups by providing a combination of: (i) technical assistance to
selected municipalities to prepare their municipal economic development
strategy; (ii) technical assistance to %participating provinces to conduct
sector and value chain studies; (iii) technical assistance and training for FAS
(Fundo de Apoio Social - Social Action Fund) to prepare and implement the
matching grants manual; (iv) matching grants to selected producer groups and
business development service providers; (v) technical assistance and training to
producer groups and business development service providers on business skills,
managements, and marketing; and (vi) organization of workshops on microfinance.
The third component of the project is local institutional strengthening. This
component aims at strengthening the capacities of public entities and civil
society to be inducted in the participatory planning, management, and monitoring
of basic public service delivery and expenditure management. Activities will
combine on-the-job technical assistance (TA), training, peer-to-peer learning,
field visits, and other knowledge expansion events alike.

country :Angola
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

NEBRASKA:Local Ethanol Producer Provides Infrastructure Grant

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Ethanol Plant, The state of Nebraska has issued the following news release:

Nebraska ethanol producers continue to work with retailers across the state to
provide additional fuel choice for consumers. The most recent of these ethanol
producers is Husker Ag LLC.

In 2012, Husker Ag passed a resolution to promote higher ethanol fuel blends at
the retail level. Since then, the Plainview ethanol plant has provided grant
money and ethanol for several retail locations in northeast Nebraska including
Creighton, Crofton, Hartington, Osmond and Pierce at two locations.huskerag

"Many Nebraska ethanol producers work directly with retailers to expand the
availability of American Ethanol blends like E15 and E85," said Todd Sneller,
Nebraska Ethanol Board administrator. "This strategic partnership provides
consumers with additional choices at the pump, and makes clear to consumers the
value of choosing fuels produced locally from renewable sources."

Conoco in Valentine (203 E. Hwy 20) has two flex fuel pumps offering E10, E20,
E30 and E85; and is the first station in Cherry County to offer higher ethanol
blends. The grand opening is set for Saturday, April 11. Drivers can fill up
with American Ethanol from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and save $0.20/gallon on E20,
$0.30/gallon on E30 and $0.85/gallon on E85. In addition to savings at the pump,
there also will be $1 slices of Hot Stuff pizza and promotional giveaways.
Husker Ag Expansion
Husker Ag in Plainview, Nebraska

Plainview Roadrunner (204 W. Park St.) plans to install one flex fuel pump
offering E10, E20, E30 and E85. The pump, located just 4 miles from the Husker
Ag ethanol plant, is expected to be in operation by mid-summer. This will be the
eighth retail location partnership that Husker Ag has provided an infrastructure
grant.

"We are very excited to see the works of many coming together for the purpose of
seeing ethanol usage expanded in Nebraska - the second largest producer of
ethanol," said Seth Harder, Husker Ag general manager. "Partnerships are key to
moving the needle on ethanol fuel usage."

"The logistics of using locally produced fuel in areas where it is consumed is
extremely efficient," Sneller said. "As a result, consumers have access to a
wider variety of fuels at a lower cost. In 2014, Nebraska motorists saved $100
million on gasoline by choosing blends that contained 10 percent or more locally
produced ethanol."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Conservation of water resources through the implementation of runoff water
reservoirs in agricultural production in the upper middle part of the river
basin Jesús María

LENGTH: 499  words


Area Of Work: Land Degradation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00


Status: Currently under execution


Project Description: MAOPAC as a basin organizations, presents the proposed
"Conservation of water resources through the implementation of runoff water
reservoirs in agricultural production in the upper middle part of the river
basin Jesus Maria.", Which aims "Contributing to the reduction of erosion in the
basin of Jesús María by implementing planting and harvesting to channel water
runoff and thereby bring about change towards sustainable livelihoods in
producer the initiative will be in part upper middle of the Upper Rio Jesus
Maria, with 25 producers. The methodology for the selection of project
participants, was taken as the basis of diagnosis and knowledge-San Mateo ASA
has over 20 years of work in the region and defining certain criteria.


With the implementation of this initiative we expect that 25 farmers participate
in training and exchange of experience in techniques - planting and harvesting
practices water theory and practice. In addition they will be building 25 water
reservoirs and implementing productive projects for farmers and systematizing
will experience through the development of a document (manual of practice) that
may be used by other producers in the basin or elsewhere. The project
implementation is expected in one year and three months, starting in July of
2014, the value of the $ 100,000 initiative with a contribution of $ 50,000 by
the PPD is estimated.
Grantee: Asociación para el Movimiento de Agricultura Orgánica del Pacifico
Central


Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental


and sustainable development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society
organizations (CSOs), notably national and local non-
governmental organizations (NGOs), community-based organizations (CBOs), and
indigenous peoples organizations. SGP grantees


may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as professional
associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers


communities to act and participate in their own development and hence ensures
community ownership and impact. Over the course of


the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over 12,000 grantees with 64
percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,

and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through


direct grants to CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project completion date : 2015-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Apartado Postal 4540-1000
San Jose, LAC

Country :Costa Rica
Email : eduardo.mata@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds Support For RMG Maple Products, Inc. to
Expand Business

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the announcement that RMG
Maple Products, Inc. in Rudyard will receive $11,500 to study the potential
market for USDA-certified organic maple syrup. This support comes from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps
farmers and growers develop marketing strategies for agricultural commodities.
This grant program was reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill and is
used to develop new agricultural products or create additional markets for
existing ones.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
farmers get more value from their products. That type of support can help
increase sales for local farmers and boost our small town economies."



 Agricultural products like fruits, vegetables, and maple syrup - also known as
"specialty crops" - play a major role in Michigan agriculture. With the
exception of California, Michigan leads the nation in crop diversity, growing
and producing more than 200 unique commodities. Senator Stabenow's Farm Bill
strengthens the value-added producer program and programs for specialty crop
farmers, invests in the research and promotion of specialty crops, supports
programs to stop pest and disease threats, and helps family farmers sell more
goods locally.



 Today's announcement is part of a $34 million investment from USDA's Office of
Rural Development for 258 businesses across the country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              April 6, 2008 Sunday

Agriculture briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 530 words


Joseph hired

as state apiarist

DES MOINES - Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey recently announced the
Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship hired Andrew Joseph as the
state apiarist.

In this position, he will oversee apiary registration and inspection, conduct
beekeeper education courses and conduct public outreach efforts.

The department has three part-time apiary inspectors who examine hives across
the state.

Funding for a state apiarist was provided by the Iowa Legislature during the
2007 session. The position was suspended in 2001 due to budget constraints.

Programs might aid

Grant County producers

LANCASTER, Wis. - Grant County livestock producers who suffered grazing losses
or livestock deaths due to natural disasters in 2005 or 2007 are encouraged to
contact the Grant County Farm Service Agency regarding the Livestock
Compensation and Livestock Indemnity programs.

The Livestock Compensation Program provides benefits to producers of eligible
livestock maintained for commercial purposes to compensate for actual losses of
pasture or for additional feed costs as a direct result of drought in 2005 or
from flooding and excessive rain during the period of Aug. 18 through Aug. 31,
2007.

The Livestock Indemnity Program compensates producers of eligible commercial
livestock that died as a direct result of one of the above natural disasters.
The payment rates for this program are set by the national office at 26 percent
of the fair- market value.

No deadline for enrollment in either program has been announced. Eligible
producers are encouraged to call the FSA office at 608-723-7697 and set up an
appointment to get more information as soon as possible.

Ag-education courses

offered for teachers

INDEPENDENCE, Iowa - The Iowa Farm Bureau Federation is helping teachers take
agriculture education to the next level by hosting four Teacher's Academy:
Experiential Learning About Agriculture courses.

The three-day events encourage the integration of agriculture into school
curriculums by demonstrating agriculture's importance and arming teachers with
local resources, tours and contacts. In addition, teachers can receive a
professional development credit or graduate-level credit.

The eastern Iowa course will be held June 17-19 at the Heartland Acres
Agribition Center in Independence. To register, call 800-542-8375 or go to
www.aea267.k12.ia.us or to www.iowafarmbureau.com.

Belmont workshop set

BELMONT, Wis. - Those interested are invited to gather for an educational and
interactive workshop on April 22 to share information and build efforts to
expand the region's local food markets.

The Southwest Wisconsin Local Food Summit, scheduled from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at
the Baymont Convention Center in Belmont, will be an opportunity for local
residents to have a voice in building networks for the growing demand for
locally produced food.

The event is sponsored by Local Fare and is made possible through the University
of Wisconsin Extension's Continuing EDvantage Grant.

Cost for the event is $25, which includes lunch and all workshop materials.
Registration is due by April 15 and can be made at
www.uwplatt.edu/cont_ed/LocalFare/local-food-summit.html.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

NEBRASKA:Local Ethanol Producer Provides Infrastructure Grant

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Ethanol Plant, The state of Nebraska has issued the following news release:

Nebraska ethanol producers continue to work with retailers across the state to
provide additional fuel choice for consumers. The most recent of these ethanol
producers is Husker Ag LLC.

In 2012, Husker Ag passed a resolution to promote higher ethanol fuel blends at
the retail level. Since then, the Plainview ethanol plant has provided grant
money and ethanol for several retail locations in northeast Nebraska including
Creighton, Crofton, Hartington, Osmond and Pierce at two locations.huskerag

"Many Nebraska ethanol producers work directly with retailers to expand the
availability of American Ethanol blends like E15 and E85," said Todd Sneller,
Nebraska Ethanol Board administrator. "This strategic partnership provides
consumers with additional choices at the pump, and makes clear to consumers the
value of choosing fuels produced locally from renewable sources."

Conoco in Valentine (203 E. Hwy 20) has two flex fuel pumps offering E10, E20,
E30 and E85; and is the first station in Cherry County to offer higher ethanol
blends. The grand opening is set for Saturday, April 11. Drivers can fill up
with American Ethanol from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and save $0.20/gallon on E20,
$0.30/gallon on E30 and $0.85/gallon on E85. In addition to savings at the pump,
there also will be $1 slices of Hot Stuff pizza and promotional giveaways.
Husker Ag Expansion
Husker Ag in Plainview, Nebraska

Plainview Roadrunner (204 W. Park St.) plans to install one flex fuel pump
offering E10, E20, E30 and E85. The pump, located just 4 miles from the Husker
Ag ethanol plant, is expected to be in operation by mid-summer. This will be the
eighth retail location partnership that Husker Ag has provided an infrastructure
grant.

"We are very excited to see the works of many coming together for the purpose of
seeing ethanol usage expanded in Nebraska - the second largest producer of
ethanol," said Seth Harder, Husker Ag general manager. "Partnerships are key to
moving the needle on ethanol fuel usage."

"The logistics of using locally produced fuel in areas where it is consumed is
extremely efficient," Sneller said. "As a result, consumers have access to a
wider variety of fuels at a lower cost. In 2014, Nebraska motorists saved $100
million on gasoline by choosing blends that contained 10 percent or more locally
produced ethanol."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

Farmers urged to back plan

BYLINE: SWALLOW Andrew

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 349 words


Deer farmers were urged to back a move to improve velvet marketing by committing
their production to a new marketing body at a meeting at Pleasant Point
yesterday.

By doing so they would receive a share in Velconz, the new 50/50 joint venture
between Velconz Holdings and pool operator PGG Wrightson, for every kilogram
supplied, explained Deer Farmers Association president Bill Taylor.

PGG Wrightson had agreed to invest $5.60 in Velconz for every kilogram supplied
over a threshold of 280 tonnes, the amount that PGG Wrightson had handled
through its pool last year.

Mr Taylor described that as "seed funding" and an incentive for producers to
support the initiative. It had the advantage of being a low cost way for
producers to establish Velconz which would start to extend the producers'
ownership of the value chain beyond the farm gate.

However, in due course, producers would need to invest in the venture too if it
was to achieve its aims, he stressed.

"There's no doubt we will have to invest in this company as farmers if we do
want to turn it into a marketing platform for our product," he said.

South Otago deer farmer Grant Cochrane said given the velvet industry's turnover
of about $50 million, Velconz would probably be looking for $5million to $6
million of capitalisation long-term.

Tony Cochrane of PGG Wrightson (no relation) said it was 100 per cent committed
to the venture which had three main goals: create a brand value in New Zealand
velvet; test new markets outside of Korea; and bring some security to producer
returns through added value.

"You've all invested money in this and so have we and we want to see a return on
that," he said.

Critical mass would be key to the venture's success, over 70 per cent of
national production going through Velconz being the aim.

Deer Industry New Zealand chairman John Scurr said that while velvet prices had
recovered in the past year, the industry could not afford a crash to the $45 per
kg it had suffered in 2005 and 2006.

"The concept is very simple. It is whether we can change our mindset for the
industry going forward," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

'Lame Duck' session threatens innovation in farm bill

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 341 words


Congress has unfinished business to tackle during the lame duck session,
including the Farm Bill. If congress fails to act, or passes a short-term
extension without adequate funding for conservation and rural development,
crucial rural investments will be in jeopardy.

Investment in the next generation of family farmers and ranchers would dry up.
Barriers for beginners include capital, access to affordable land, and lack of
training opportunities. And the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
provides training that helps beginners build their farm business plan so they
can access capital. It also provides linking opportunities, helping break down
the land access barrier by matching beginners with retiring landowners.

The Conservation Reserve Program Transition Incentives will also screech to a
halt with Congressional inaction. This program helps beginners gain access to
land coming out of retirement under the Conservation Reserve Program.

The Value Added Producer Grant Program helps producers establish high-value,
niche markets. A small amount of funding came through the Continuing Resolution
passed by Congress earlier this year, so it will continue in the near term. But
the program will still not have as much as either the Senate or House versions
of the Farm Bill would provide.

The Rural Microenterprise Assistance Program also has a small amount of funding,
but the Senate version of the Farm Bill will allow the program to go much
further in helping rural small business development.

Congress needs to pass a Farm Bill, one that invests in these innovative
programs.

By Traci Bruckner, tracib@cfra.org, is with the Center for Rural Affairs. It was
established in 1973 as an unaffiliated nonprofit corporation under IRS code
501(c)3. The Center for Rural Affairs was formed by rural Nebraskans concerned
about family farms and rural communities, and we work to strengthen small
businesses, family farms and ranches, and rural communities. Center for Rural
Affairs, 145 Main St , PO Box 136, Lyons, NE 68038 United States.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 1, 2005 Friday
                                 First Edition

More sugar farmers gain access to cash sweetener

BYLINE: John Breusch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 559 words


For the second time in a month, the federal government has relaxed eligibility
rules restricting the number of people who can claim farm assistance.

Four weeks ago it was drought-affected producers. This week it was sugar
farmers. But while the drought package was designed to ensure farmers were not
forced to leave the land, the sugar program is designed to do the very opposite,
with the government hoping producers will accept its offer of as much as
$100,000 in financial aid to quit the canefields.

After spending the past year haranguing growers for not taking up the
government's offer, Agriculture Minister Warren Truss this week acknowledged the
criteria determining eligibility to the $444 million program was too
restrictive.

"It has become clear that the assets test criteria are preventing some needy
cane farmers from accessing the grants when they have decided to diversify or
leave the industry," Mr Truss said.

Previously, farmers were unable to claim assistance if the value of either their
net off-farm assets or their family home was worth more than $217,500.

The government has now amalgamated these two assets tests, meaning farmers with
partners can claim assistance as long as their total net assets are worth no
more than $445,000.

Anyone who narrowly misses these limits can still claim a reduced level of
assistance, with the grant reduced by $2 for every $3 they are over the limit.

In addition, the government extended by 12 months the deadline for claiming the
maximum $100,000 grant, which was originally scheduled for today.

Though acknowledging the government's rules had been too tough, Mr Truss
maintained pressure on growers to consider their future in the industry.

"There's little doubt that the improved price for sugar has lifted confidence in
the industry, and has led people to believe they may have a more vibrant future
in the industry than perhaps they thought 12 months ago," he told the ABC.

"They should make decisions on the basis of the kinds of returns there have been
over previous years rather than the prospects for the current season."

Canegrowers general manager Ian Ballantyne welcomed the changes but rejected Mr
Truss's claim that not enough producers were leaving the industry, which is
struggling to remain competitive against foreign rivals.

While about 400 people have applied for the assistance grant to quit the
industry, including 140 successfully, Mr Ballantyne said the true number of
those who had left was more than 850.

It's not unusual for the government to announce a bail-out package to farmers
only to watch the circumstances that created the need for the assistance to
change.

One month ago, amid concerns that dry conditions could wipe out the winter crop,
the government announced a $250 million expansion of its drought assistance
program, with changes to relax off-farm income and assets tests.

The following week it started to rain through much of the worst-affected areas
and it's hardly stopped since.

Asked yesterday whether he had congratulated his board for the timing of his
organisation's push for greater drought relief, National Farmers Federation
president Peter Corish said: "If we could claim credit for [the rain] we would.
But certainly it is a dramatic turnaround . . . I can assure you there are
smiles on the faces of not only farmers but also people in rural communities."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Agriculture Minister Warren Truss.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE NEARLY $50,000 VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANT FOR EVANS
FARMHOUSE CREAMERY IN CHENANGO COUNTY

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $46,977 in
federal funding for Evans Farmhouse Creamery. The funding was allocated through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program and will be used to revamp their marketing strategy to raise brand
awareness and increase sales.

"This is exciting news for Evans Farmhouse Creamery and Chenango County," said
Senator Schumer. "By providing funding to help market Evans Farmhouse Creamery's
premium organic milk and yogurt, this grant gives one of our prized Chenango
County dairy farms the opportunity to expand business and bring more quality
products to consumers. This is good news for the county's dairy industry and
good news for the area economy as a whole."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for Evans Farmhouse Creamery and will help ensure they get needed
resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic
growth in their region and across the state."

"This grant money will be used to promote our Evans line products," saidDavid
Evans, Fourth generation farm owner, Evans Farmhouse Creamery.  "Over the last
number of years we have not been able to promote the Evans brand and this will
help us put the brand out there.  The brand includes Greek yogurt and, for the
first time, organic Greek yogurt.  We will also introduce raw milk cheeses,
cheddars and other hard cheeses.  We are a fourth generation dairy consisting of
20-30 mixed milking cows."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Brentwood Gazette

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Grant Thornton's new offices to become the city's innovation hub

BYLINE: Clare Youell editorial@gazettenews.co.uk

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 363  words


BY coming  to Essex, the Grant Thornton team hopes to bring success to the whole
of the county.

At a launch event to mark the opening of its  Chelmsford office, the CEO of the
company spelt  out her vision for the coming years.

"By coming to the county, we want to help create value, growth, jobs and success
for everybody," said Sacha Romanovitch.

"We love seeing our clients grow and be successful, that's why we are Grant
Thornton and not another firm."

The concept behind the new Grant Thornton office in Brierly Place, New London
Road, is that it is not just a place for its  own staff to do business.

The plush new offices are almost entirely open plan and it is open to other
businesspeople who can share the space and use the facilities to create an ideas
hub within the city.

There is free wifi and tea and coffee, as well as modern brainstorming areas,
booths and presentation space.

"The business world is different now," said Sacha. "Everything used to be done
behind closed doors but we have learnt from the financial crisis that real
success is going to be driven by those businesses which innovate. We want to
create a space within the community where people can come together, connect,
share opportunities and ideas.

"We are so pleased to be in this county - with its ports, the London Gateway,
the airport and entrepreneurial spirit, Essex has an important part to play in
the future success of the economy."

At the launch event, Grant Thornton invited six Essex food producers to showcase
their wares and network with the several hundred invited guests from the
business community.

They enjoyed culinary delights, including savoury nibbles from The Food Company,
wines from West Street Vineyard, plus sweet treats from The Gourmet Cupcake
Company and Hadley's Ice Cream

Paul Dearsley, managing partner of Grant Thornton Essex, said: "It is wonderful
to see these local producers here with us. They are all great examples of what
Essex has to offer. We are extremely proud to have opened this office  and we
hope to be here for a very long time. The future is bright for businesses in
Essex."

For more information on Grant Thornton Chelmsford visit www.grant
-thornton.co.uk/

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: here to stay: CEO of Grant Thornton Sacha Romanovitch with Paul
Dearsley, managing partner of Grant Thornton Essex
new faces on the blocK: (l-r) Trevor Ling from Grant Thornton, Robin Threadgold
from Gates Group Ltd, Jamie Banks from Anglia Business Resources, and Doug
Bentley from Grant Thornton
(l-r) Eloise Durrant, Katy Mckee and Amy Stock from The Gourmet Cupcake Company
at the opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton
tasty: Sophie Beer and Lindsey Grey with fine fare
James Hoskins from Saffron Breweryat the Opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton
vineyard: Julie Rudd and Jane Mohan from West Street
James Hoskins from Saffron Breweryat the Opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Essex Chronicle

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Grant Thornton's new offices to become the city's innovation hub

BYLINE: Clare Youell newsdesk@essexchronicle.co.uk

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 363  words


BY coming  to Essex, the Grant Thornton team hopes to bring success to the whole
of the county.

At a launch event to mark the opening of its  Chelmsford office, the CEO of the
company spelt  out her vision for the coming years.

"By coming to the county, we want to help create value, growth, jobs and success
for everybody," said Sacha Romanovitch.

"We love seeing our clients grow and be successful, that's why we are Grant
Thornton and not another firm."

The concept behind the new Grant Thornton office in Brierly Place, New London
Road, is that it is not just a place for its  own staff to do business.

The plush new offices are almost entirely open plan and it is open to other
businesspeople who can share the space and use the facilities to create an ideas
hub within the city.

There is free wifi and tea and coffee, as well as modern brainstorming areas,
booths and presentation space.

"The business world is different now," said Sacha. "Everything used to be done
behind closed doors but we have learnt from the financial crisis that real
success is going to be driven by those businesses which innovate. We want to
create a space within the community where people can come together, connect,
share opportunities and ideas.

"We are so pleased to be in this county - with its ports, the London Gateway,
the airport and entrepreneurial spirit, Essex has an important part to play in
the future success of the economy."

At the launch event, Grant Thornton invited six Essex food producers to showcase
their wares and network with the several hundred invited guests from the
business community.

They enjoyed culinary delights, including savoury nibbles from The Food Company,
wines from West Street Vineyard, plus sweet treats from The Gourmet Cupcake
Company and Hadley's Ice Cream

Paul Dearsley, managing partner of Grant Thornton Essex, said: "It is wonderful
to see these local producers here with us. They are all great examples of what
Essex has to offer. We are extremely proud to have opened this office  and we
hope to be here for a very long time. The future is bright for businesses in
Essex."

For more information on Grant Thornton Chelmsford visit www.grant
-thornton.co.uk/

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: here to stay: CEO of Grant Thornton Sacha Romanovitch with Paul
Dearsley, managing partner of Grant Thornton Essex
new faces on the blocK: (l-r) Trevor Ling from Grant Thornton, Robin Threadgold
from Gates Group Ltd, Jamie Banks from Anglia Business Resources, and Doug
Bentley from Grant Thornton
(l-r) Eloise Durrant, Katy Mckee and Amy Stock from The Gourmet Cupcake Company
at the opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton
tasty: Sophie Beer and Lindsey Grey with fine fare
James Hoskins from Saffron Breweryat the Opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton
vineyard: Julie Rudd and Jane Mohan from West Street
James Hoskins from Saffron Breweryat the Opening of Grant Thornton Chelmsford
Photographs by Chris Rushton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             March 9, 2006 Thursday

Tavistock impresses judges of food contest

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 364 words


The quest to find the "Best Food Town" in the Westcountry continued yesterday as
judges headed across the weathered hills of Dartmoor to Tavistock.

With speciality stalls in the pannier market, and an award-winning farmers'
market, which fills Bedford Square, on the second and fourth Saturday of every
month - residents in Tavistock are determined to shine in the WMN's Best Local
Food Awards.

Founded on core values of local provenance and absolute freshness, the town's
culinary reputation is continually growing. Last month, a campaign to encourage
the people of Tavistock to buy local food and improve their diet was backed by a
£4,000 grant from West Devon Borough Council.

The money is to be used to develop the market for locally produced food through
the "Eat Wise - Eat Local" campaign.

This aims to put Tavistock on the good food map by encouraging local people and
businesses to eat and use as much local produce as possible to benefit the local
economy and the environment.

The campaign team is working with schools, businesses and producers to show the
benefits of using local produce.

John Dixon, of the Eat Wise Campaign, said the grant would be used to raise the
profile of the town as well as providing practical help for establishments who
want to use more local produce.

"The council's grant has given a real boost to our campaign, not just for the
finals of the competition, but for the long term too," he said.

"We want to establish Tavistock as the top local food community in the South
West."

Chris Bradford, project co-ordinator and judge, said: "It was an extremely
impressive presentation. The community spirit in supporting local producers was
very evident. They really pushed the boat out to show us what is going on in
terms of local food and drink.

"They are in the final against Bridport so it will be really tough for the
judges - it will be a very close call I think."

The first of the judging started in Modbury, near Kingsbridge, and Stokenham,
near Dartmouth, which both made it through to the final round. Exeter, Truro,
Lostwithiel, Topsham, and Bridport have already been judged. Crediton, Marazion,
and the Isles of Scilly are due to be judged next week.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $50,000 Value-Added Producer Grant For Evans
Farmhouse Creamery In Chenango County

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $46,977 in
federal funding for Evans Farmhouse Creamery. The funding was allocated through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG)
program and will be used to revamp their marketing strategy to raise brand
awareness and increase sales.

"This is exciting news for Evans Farmhouse Creamery and Chenango County," said
Senator Schumer. "By providing funding to help market Evans Farmhouse Creamery's
premium organic milk and yogurt, this grant gives one of our prized Chenango
County dairy farms the opportunity to expand business and bring more quality
products to consumers. This is good news for the county's dairy industry and
good news for the area economy as a whole."

"We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and growing
economy in New York," said Senator Gillibrand, first New York Senator to serve
on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This is a great
investment for Evans Farmhouse Creamery and will help ensure they get needed
resources to bring their products to market and continue to drive economic
growth in their region and across the state."

"This grant money will be used to promote our Evans line products," said David
Evans, Fourth generation farm owner, Evans Farmhouse Creamery.  "Over the last
number of years we have not been able to promote the Evans brand and this will
help us put the brand out there.  The brand includes Greek yogurt and, for the
first time, organic Greek yogurt.  We will also introduce raw milk cheeses,
cheddars and other hard cheeses.  We are a fourth generation dairy consisting of
20-30 mixed milking cows."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               September 26, 2005

WHAT THE SUNDAY PAPERS SAY; CITY AND BUSINESS EDITED BY DAVID SHAND

SECTION: U.K. 1st Edition; CITY; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 218 words


SUNDAY EXPRESS The UK Government has withheld grants worth millions of pounds
from Nanjing Auto, the Chinese company which bought MG Rover, because it
believes its plans are unviable.

Revenue & Customs will be able to pursue UK companies for billions of pounds in
lost VAT receipts pending a ruling by the European Court of Justice as early as
this week.

SUNDAY TIMES Kazakhstan's biggest copper producer, Kazakhmys, is set to announce
plans for a London stock market listing that would value it at up to £2billion
and make it the first company from the former Soviet Union to join the main
market.

SUNDAY TELEGRAPH Vanni Treves is preparing to step down as chairman of troubled
insurer Equitable Life at the end of 2006 as part of a plan to disband the
current board.

OBSERVER The Government is considering another wide-ranging investigation into
supermarkets, five years after the last probe was widely criticised as being
toothless.

THE BUSINESS German telecoms giant Deutsche Telekom is believed to be plotting
an £18billion takeover of UK mobile phone group O2.

THE INDEPENDENT ON SUNDAY Former BBC director-general Lord Birt has been lined
up as the new chairman of Urenco, the £6billion uranium producer which is
jointly owned by the British, German and Dutch governments.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS

                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            July 30, 2008, Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Jobs created as foil factory invests pounds 3m;
Assembly grant to aid expansion into ready meal market

BYLINE: DAVID JONES Business Correspondent

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 333 words


TWENTY-TWO jobs are to be created as a company expands its foil container
factory to cater for the expanding prepared food sector.

D2 Food Systems, based in Hertfordshire, is investingmore than pounds 3m in its
new manufacturing plant on Parc Caer Seion, Conwy.

The company has been helped by the Welsh Assembly Government with grant aid and
other business support for the expansion.

The company makes smooth wall foil containers for the premium meat, poultry,
prepared meal and dessert sectors.

D2 Food Systems originally started with the importation and distribution of
traditional wrinkle wall foil trays but is now expanding with the setting up of
a dedicated manufacturing base in Conwy to concentrate on the higher value range
of new smooth wall containers.

The facility has the capacity to manufacture 3 million foil containers a week,
making D2 Food Systems the second largest producer of smooth wall trays in the
UK.

D2 supplies many large blue chip food producers as well as more specialised
independents.

It is aiming to double itsmarket share by the end of the year following the
installation of additional presses and tooling.

"The grant support from the AssemblyGovernment has been hugely important for
us," said managing director David Edwards.

"Previously we had to turn away opportunities because we could not meet the
volume of business presented to us.

"The assistance means we are nowable to expandmuch faster than we first
anticipated and will be starting a double shift this month - at least six months
ahead of schedule. We will have a triple shift in operation by this time next
year."

Ieuan Wyn Jones, Minister for the Economy and Transport, said D2 Food Systems
had spotted a market opportunity and invested in the latest technology to become
a key player in the UK market.

"The company has made a substantial investment in its new facility in North
Wales and support from the Assembly Government has enabled it to expand rapidly,
creating a number ofwell paid jobs in the area," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, D2 managing director David Edwards, Brian Rees- Jones from
the Assembly Government and commercial director Vanessa Herron pay a visit to
the factory's production line

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA Announces $96 Million in Available Funding to Support Local Food,
Specialty Crops and Farm to School Efforts

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee,
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has made almost
$96 million available for innovative agricultural projects that will help
Americans gain better access to healthy, nutritious food.

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) administered the grants, which include
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State Marketing
Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program (LFPP). The USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School
Program grants, also included in the announcement, are designed to help
qualified entities implement farm to school programs that improve access to
local foods in eligible schools.

"Today, there is a high demand for fresh, healthy food," Hoeven said. "These
grants will help our nation's food producers expand their market opportunities,
and also help families and schools have better access to nutritious food."

The SCBGP grants are distributed to states and territories based on a formula
that takes into account both specialty crop acreage and production value. These
grants reflect just one of the ways Senator Hoeven is working to make sure the
farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota's producers. Last
spring, Hoeven announced that USDA had awarded grant funding to the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture through SCBGP that was reauthorized in the 2014 farm
bill.

Interested SCBGP applicants should apply through their State department of
agriculture. State contacts and application due dates can be found here.

The FSMIP funds will support research projects that aim to address challenges
and opportunities in marketing, transporting and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program will divide funding equally
between its two grant programs: the FMPP, which supports direct
farmer-to-consumer marketing projects, e.g. farmers markets, community-supported
agriculture programs, agritourism, while the LFPP funds projects that support
intermediary supply chain activities for food products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Burundi - Agricultural Intensification and Value-enhancing Support Project

LENGTH: 490  words


Total cost: US$31.6 million
Approved DSF grant: US$13.6 million
Cofinancing: European Union
(US$6.0 million), to be determined
(US$2.5 million), World Food Programme
(US$4.7 million)


Duration: 2009-2017
Directly benefiting: 30,000 households
The project area covers six provinces north and east of the capital, Bujumbura.
The project was designed in a post-crisis context, and it will contribute to the
fight against poverty among the country  s most vulnerable groups. In Burundi
population growth and the return of refugees have resulted in heavy pressure on
the land. The average farm size is shrinking, the soil is rapidly becoming
degraded, and virtually all public land has been distributed or occupied. Food
insecurity and malnutrition are becoming chronic for a large percentage of
households. IFAD channels financing for the project through a grant, which will
have no impact on the country  s debt. The project  s objectives are to develop
organized and sustainable family farming to allow small-scale rural producers to
increase their incomes. The target group consists mainly of small-scale hillside
farmers, and a secondary group includes farmers in the marshlands that the
project will rehabilitate or develop. The project  s specific objectives are to:
Support public and private institutions, civil society and organizations of poor
rural people, and make them stakeholders in partnerships for agricultural
development, piloting interventions that can be replicated at national level.
Work with poor small-scale farmers to help them build their human, physical and
technical capacity to protect productive assets, increase productivity, improve
nutrition and raise incomes.    Improve market access to permit producers
organizations to make the most of value added to their produce. Activities will
focus on reinforcing and protecting productive capital, supporting the
enhancement of the value of agricultural production and the development of
infrastructure, and facilitating project implementation and coordination.
Communities, associations and cooperatives will be fully involved in the
decision-making process and there will be a focus on mobilizing local technical
assistance capacity. As IFAD  s partners and cofinanciers in the project,
Belgian Technical Cooperation will be responsible for activities related to seed
production, and Gutwera Neza, financed by the European Union, will support
community development centres. The project will maintain close contact with
marshlands development projects, particularly those financed by the World Bank
and the United Nations system. It will work to link them to the initiative for
dissemination of the system of rice intensification. The World Food Programme
will help identify participants and support infrastructure projects. The Food
and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations will support the
establishment of teaching farms.

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

A high-risk, high-reward play on oil sands sludge

BYLINE: FABRICE TAYLOR

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR COLUMN; VOX; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 801 words


Fabrice Taylor is a Chartered Financial Analyst.

I am lining up outside a government lab on the outskirts of Edmonton awaiting my
turn to get a peek at what's touted as a revolutionary technology for cleaning
up the oil sands.

The group I'm in is full of bankers, analysts and investors. The group ahead of
us is government people. The group after ours is more bankers and analysts and
investors. Politicians are also taking the tour. James Cameron might even be
interested one day.

Inside, sludge from Fort McMurray tailings is being turned into valuable
commodities: crude oil, re-useable water, recyclable solvent and zircon. As you
watch this chemistry and physics experiment, it's easy to imagine how profitable
it could turn out to be - if and when the technology is fully proven.

Our host is Titanium Corp., founded in 2001 and based in Edmonton. The company
is in the final stages of testing its process for cleaning up waste from oil
sands production. Its "bench-scale" testing project is a jumble of steel,
hissing valves and noisy pumps. The waste goes in one end and the good stuff
comes out the other. So far, the test results have been glowing, but there's
more work to be done before the company can sign its first customer. That, if
all goes well, will probably happen next year.

I won't tax you with the details of how Titanium's process works. Suffice it to
say that the company spent years and more than $20-million developing its
technology. It has attracted almost $10-million in grants from various levels of
government, all of which want to clean up the oil sands, given the onslaught of
poor publicity the industry attracts thanks to Mr. Cameron and others.

While Titanium still isn't earning revenue, it has cleared a lot of hurdles. If
it can clear a few more, the next step will be to negotiate with producers and
build its first plant.

Those negotiations will be fascinating, should they happen. A typical big oil
sands site casts off large amounts of waste, much of it in the form of what is
called froth treatment tailings. There is enormous value in this particular
stream of tailings: on an annual basis, tens of millions of litres of water,
thousands of tons of metals, up to three million barrels of bitumen and a few
hundred thousand barrels of solvents. (See table.)

Titanium's technology can, in theory, recover as much as 80 per cent of these
precious resources. Using the middle of the range of company-provided estimates,
one big project could produce $153.3-million of revenue a year. Capital costs
would be large at about $300-million, but operating costs would be relatively
modest, and therefore profit margins healthy. And keep in mind that this is only
one plant. There's already room for more and the oil sands is growing.

The return on investment, in other words, would be very good and the return on
Titanium stock also very good if all this happens as planned. Byron Capital
Markets, whose analyst was on my tour, calls the stock a speculative buy with a
lot of upside.

But the company's success will depend on one crucial factor: a breakdown of who
gets what. How much of this bounty does Titanium get to keep and how much do
producers get?

Normally you would have to be wary. Lots of companies have invented a great
solution to a serious problem for industry. But they often don't do as well as
investors hope because they can't negotiate a good revenue-sharing deal.

I think this situation will be different for one simple reason: the intense
pressure on oil sands producers to clean up their act. That pressure comes from
the public, but it also comes from regulations, which are only getting tougher.

Take the water produced by Titanium's process. It has no quoted value, but to
reuse that volume of water rather than sending it to tailings ponds clearly has
huge environmental value to producers, beyond the money they would save from
smaller ponds.

Don't get me wrong: Producers will want a cut of all the salvaged resources,
particularly the bitumen and solvents. But I think they will recognize the
intangible "green" value too and therefore Titanium should be well positioned to
get a fair deal.

The technology appears to have a good chance of full commercialization.
Titanium's market capitalization is $123-million. It's not hard to assume that
it will be substantially higher if the company strikes a good deal. If you can
handle the risk, the reward is there.

**********

VALUE FROM WASTE

An estimate of Titanium Corp.'s potential revenues from a large recycling
project
                                      Amount Recover     Annual revenues at
                                                   y         current prices
Water                          10-15 million  50-80%                    N/A
                                cubic metres
Zircon                         70,000 tonnes     75%            $42-million
Bitumen                    3 million barrels     70%          $94.5-million
Solvent                      300,000 barrels     70%          $16.8-million
Total                                                        $153.3-million

Sources: Byron Capital
Markets, company

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            October 4, 2011 Tuesday

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 544  words

LOCKYER VALLEY

Lifeline available

A LIFELINE has been thrown to Lockyer Valley primary producers and small
businesses still struggling to re-establish themselves following January's
floods.

Lockyer Valley Mayor Steve Jones said for some, there was only one viable option
enabling them to get back on their feet.

"The stark reality is that until insurance claims go through and are paid,
grants and loans are the only way that some farmers, business owners and
non-profit organisations can stay afloat," he said.

"The good news is the deadline for grants and loans through the Queensland Rural
Adjustment Authority have been extended until the end of January next year."

Eligible applicants can apply for Special Disaster Assistance (up to $25,000)
for clean up and recovery, Natural Disaster Assistance loans (up to $250,000)
for primary producers and small business and $105,000 for non-profit
organisations, and Exceptional Disaster Assistance (up to $650,000) for
business, primary producers and non-profit organisations sustaining extreme
damage.

Further information including terms and conditions and application forms are
available by phoning 1800623946 or by going online at www.qraa.qld.gov.au.

GATTON

Award winner

THE 2011 recipient of the UQ Gatton Past Students' Association Scholarship is
first year Agricultural Science student Danille Fox.

In the past five years the UQ Gatton Past Students' Association has spent
$50,000 supporting students through their university studies, with the number of
students supported now reaching five.

"I love outback life and since I've begun studying ag science at UQ I've
realised that the opportunities and careers associated with agriculture are
endless and so important to Australia," Miss Fox said.

"This scholarship and support is a tremendous assistance and really encouraging
to make my dream of becoming a rural vet a reality."

The scholarship provides financial assistance to the value of $5000 per year for
the normal duration of the student's program.

UQ Challenge

TOMORROW marks the Country Campus Challenge at the UQ Gatton Campus.

You can run, walk or ride around the UQ Gatton Campus to raise funds to support
World Rabies Day, and participants are welcome to bring their dogs to the event.

The event is sponsored this year by UQ Sport, Hill's and Vets Beyond Borders (UQ
Student Chapter).

The registration fee is $10 which includes a barbecue, while registration for
students is $5.

Registration starts at 4pm at the UQ Fitness and Aquatic Centre with the race
starting at 5pm.

You can register online at www.uq.edu.au/gatton

/challenge.

CHINCHILLA

Workers honoured

A TOTAL of 19 staff members at Chinchilla Hospital were recognised for their
length of service at a special presentation ceremony recently.

Acting director of nursing facility manager Michelle Jones said she was
delighted to hand out certificates and Queensland Health badges to eligible
staff members.

"We have some very long serving staff including Barbara Chegwidden, who has been
with us for 40 years," she said.

"I want to thank all of our staff for their dedication and commitment. We all
work together as a team and ensure our patients and clients have the best of
care."

Other staff members received certificates and badges for 5, 10, 15, 20 and 25
years.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Pennsylvania Envirothon Receives $50,000 Grant From Shell

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Environmental Issues in Pennsylvania Crisci Associates has issued
the following news release:



  The Pennsylvania Envirothon Monday announced Shell has provided a $50,000
grant to the Envirothon and its educational initiatives, which work to improve
student performance, encourage diversity, and benefit our nation's future
competitiveness.



 "The Envirothon program is an outstanding example of STEM in action.  The
vigorous preparation from students throughout the Commonwealth fosters healthy
competition and is helping to foster a generation of Pennsylvanians who
understand the value of Pennsylvania's environment and its future," said John
Hines, Shell Government Relations Advisor.

 (Photo: Bill Kahler, PA Envirothon Chair; John Hines, Shell Government
Relations Advisor; Karen Books, PA Envirothon Director; Lorelle Steach, PA
Envirothon Executive Director; and Vince McCollum, PA Envirothon Vice-Chair.)

 Shell is a leading oil and gas producer, a recognized pioneer in oil and gas
exploration and production technology, and one of America's leading oil and
natural gas producers, gasoline and natural gas marketers and petrochemical
manufacturers.

 Shell takes great pride in the communities in which it has operations and is
very supportive of civic and educational programs such as the Envirothon.

 The Envirothon program produces students who are well-informed on environmental
issues and real world scenarios.

 In addition to math, science, and technology, students also acquire the
fundamental skills to think about, articulate, and share the knowledge they gain
while preparing for the Envirothon competition.

 The program promotes stewardship, sustainability, green technology, teamwork,
critical and analytical thinking and community awareness, all of which correlate
to Shell's mission.

 The grant from Shell enables the Pennsylvania Envirothon to offer hands-on and
video trainings, provide resources, teaching tools and equipment that relate to
the Envirothon stations.

 In addition, the Shell grant will provide mini-grants and financial assistance
to conservation districts, increase scholarship awards, and register a
Pennsylvania representative to compete at the North American Envirothon.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 3, 1991 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

PORTRAYING AUST AS THE FRESH FOOD NATION

BYLINE: Peter Roberts

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 383 words


Conventional economists put a lot of faith in Australia's ability to add value
to our raw materials.

As the subsidised industries die, new, more vigorous ones should rise to take
their place.

It is a nice theory, but in practice we lack the industrial structure to take
wholesale advantage of opportunities in value-added processing.

Our whole recent history in agriculture, for example, is of markets dominated by
overseas interests that are happy with the status quo - we supply the raw
materials and the big profits from processing are made elsewhere.

Wool is a classic example. We are the world's most efficient producers of the
world's best wool, and we have invested heavily in technological development.

But because of our lack of ownership of downstream businesses, it is the
overseas spinners, weavers and clothing producers who have reaped the biggest
rewards.

Wherever you look, Australia is largely a producer of recipe foods, ingredients
for others to make value-added products.

We produce and export wheat but not the noodles that our Asian neighbours might
buy. We export chilled meat rather than microwave meals. And so on.

It is no wonder then that Australia is known overseas as a commodity producer,
and not an agribusiness nation.

An agribusiness nation produces differentiated, high-value, branded products
tailored for specific market segments or niches.

We have been too occupied with doing what we have done in the past to worry too
much about really examining our target markets and making the changes at home
necessary to serve them.

But one idea gaining currency could be the basis for a long-term plan to orient
our food industry to international markets.

With environmental problems seemingly increasing overseas, there is a perception
of Australia as a producer of fresh, uncontaminated foodstuffs.

By building on that perception, there is a good opportunity for Australia to
position itself as the supplier of choice pure foods.

To do this we need to promote ourselves as the fresh nation, to maintain quality
standards at the very highest level, and to tailor our commodities into branded
Australian products that are precisely what individual markets are seeking.

But to make it really work we need those in leadership positions in the food
industry and in government to get together.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1991 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              May 1, 2010 Saturday

Whiskey sale nets C&C EUR 300m

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 327 words


C&C shares jumped by 11% initially to close at EUR 3.59, up 15 cent, a 4.360%
gain.

Scotch whisky distiller William Grant is paying EUR 300m for the spirits and
liqueurs unit - Tullamore Dew Irish whiskey, Carolans, Frangelico and Irish
Mist.

C&C will use the cash to reduce debt to negligible levels and focus on its
growing Magners cider and Tennant's beer markers. William Grant produce the
iconic single malt Scotch whisky Glenfiddich and plan to invest in Ireland and
join Tullamore Dew with their five global brands.

Goodbody analysts Liam Igoe said the announcement is positive news.

"The price is a full EUR 100m higher than we have included in our
sum-of-the-parts valuation (30c/share)," he said.

Bloxham Stockbrokers said the deal enhances the strategic value of C&C to a
global drinks company.

"Aside from being a very important financial transaction, this sale further
clarifies C&C's strategic position.

"It will now be the clear No 2 cider producer in the combined UK and Ireland
market, and the No 1 beer producer in Scotland," Bloxham added.

Davy analysts Barry Gallagher said C&C is now a pure play LAD (long alcoholic
drink) business that is virtually debt-free - EUR 70m net debt post the deal -
that will be able to look at attractive assets/brands to support its overall
growing LAD business

"We estimate C&C has the ability to spend EUR 350m on such acquisitions in the
future," he said.

C&C said that EUR 1.5m in overhead costs associated with the transferring
division will remain with C&C, but said the management team and employees will
transfer to Grants.

"The division employs 57 people in Ireland. William Grant will operate the
division's packaging facility located at the group's manufacturing site in
Clonmel, Co Tipperary. William Grant has confirmed its commitment to building a
strong business in Ireland and to maintaining and developing current operations
across the Irish sites, including C&C's manufacturing site in Clonmel," C&C
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; In Brief; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 534 words


Committee gives green light to increase in old age allowance

The increase in old age allowance to $1HK,000 a month was approved by lawmakers
in the finance committee yesterday.  People above 70 years old  will from next
month receive a monthly allowance of $1HK,000, rather than the  current $625HK.
People between  65 and 69 may  receive the same amount subject to a means test.
The new allowance came after Chief Executive Donald Tsang Yam-kuen  refused to
raise the old age allowance in his October policy address but granted the raise
a week later  following a public outcry. The increase is expected to cost $1HK.7
billion a year.

Lawmakers approve $1HKb injection for Samaritan Fund

Lawmakers yesterday approved a government injection of $1HK billion into the
Samaritan Fund. The fund, financed by government grants and public donations,
helps public hospital patients buy seven types of medicine and some medical
equipment not provided by hospitals. The fund approved 4,317 applications for
funds last year, spending $135HK million, and almost $180HK million is expected
to be spent this coming year. The government last injected $350HK million into
the fund in 2006-2007 to help meet projected expenditure until 2008-2009.

Manufacturing output falls 6.7pc year on year in 3rd quarter

The index of industrial production for the manufacturing sector, which reflects
changes in the volume of local manufacturing output, dropped 6.7 per cent in the
third quarter year on year, according the Census and Statistics Department.
This came after a 4.1 per cent year-on-year decline in the previous quarter. The
clothing industry had the largest decrease in output, followed by  textiles,
basic metals and fabricated-metal-products  industries. The department also
revealed that the corresponding producer price index  rose 5.5 per cent in the
third quarter over a year earlier. The fabricated-metal-products industry had
the greatest increase in  prices of goods, at 13.1 per cent.

HK may provide financial  services to Guangxi firms

Hong Kong could enhance economic co-operation with Guangxi  by providing
financial services to the  autonomous region's companies, Financial Secretary
John Tsang Chun-wah  said yesterday at the Hong Kong-Guangxi Economic
Co-operation Roundtable  in Nanning . He is leading a Hong Kong business
delegation to Nanning and Hanoi for eight days to enhance Hong Kong's
understanding of  the two cities. He also met  Nanning municipal officials, and
visited  a drugs producer and an electronics  maker in Nanning.  He heads for
Hanoi today.

Value of construction works hit by rising costs

The total gross value of construction works performed by main contractors  rose
by 5.6 per cent year on year in nominal terms in the third quarter to $24HK
billion, the Census and Statistics Department  has revealed. After discounting
the effect of price changes, the total gross value of construction works dropped
3.2 per cent in real terms. On a seasonally adjusted quarter-to-quarter basis,
the gross value of construction works decreased by 3.7 per cent in nominal terms
in the third quarter this year as compared with the second quarter, and
decreased by 6.5 per cent in real terms.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 15, 1998 Wednesday

TV production industry lines up for the loot  Some camp out all night to make
sure their bids for nearly $100-million in federal funding arrive in time

BYLINE: BY DOUG SAUNDERS The Globe and Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 796 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Craig Steele looked red-eyed and slightly rumpled at 8 a.m. yesterday after
camping out all night on a downtown Toronto street. He was happy, though,
because he was second in line.

"It's been a long night," he said with a wan smile.

Rolling Stones tickets? A soup kitchen? No, Mr. Steele was among hundreds of
television producers and their employees who queued up in Halifax, Montreal,
Ottawa, Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver and nine other cities to apply for their
share of about $100-million in government funds.

They were standing in line to deliver their grant applications to the Canada
Television and Cable Production Fund, the main source of government funding for
independent TV productions, which distributes about half of its $200-million in
grants on a first-come-first-served basis. This system allows broadcasters,
rather than government officials, to determine which shows get funded. It also
creates a very odd spectacle each year.

A good part of the Canadian TV industry was gathered outside the fund's Toronto
offices the minute applications opened at 9 a.m. yesterday. For the producers
gripping sleeping bags and Thermoses of coffee, it was a rare moment of
humility; for observers, the crammed hallways were a microcosm of the
convoluted, Kafka-esque thing that is the TV business in Canada.

In Halifax, TV producers hired young employees to start lining up on Thursday
night in front of the offices of KPMG accountants (which operated drop-off
centres in 14 cities). In Toronto, Vancouver and most other centres, most
producers considered a 12-hour stakeout long enough to get their share of the
funds.
   "There were some guys with sleeping bags, but I just stayed up all night,"
said Mr. Steele, who had been hired by Summerhill Entertainment, a
documentary-production company, to stand in line clutching big brown envelopes.
They contained the grant applications for two documentary series, one about
geography for the Discovery Channel and one about weddings for the Life Network.

Standing in front of Mr. Steele, pressed against the office doors, was Lucy
Stewart of Abbott, Ferguson Productions, the folks who bring us the CBC's Royal
Canadian Air Farce. She was holding the grant application for a new CBC comedy
series, Sketchcom. "We worked in shifts starting at 5 last night," she said,
adding, "We wanted to be certain we'd get our funding, and it looks like we've
got it."

About 50 people stood behind them, ranging from young freelancer Naomi Bock,
whose documentary film about the bingo industry (for CBC Newsworld's Rough Cuts)
will cost about $120,000, to a representative from Alliance Communications
Corp., whose pile of applications included one for director David Cronenberg's
next feature film, eXistenZ, whose budget will be about $25-million (it has been
purchased for TV broadcast by CTV).

The $200-million-a-year fund was renewed until 2001 by Heritage Minister Sheila
Copps earlier this year. About $95-million is distributed
first-come-first-served to any TV production that is created mainly by Canadians
and has been purchased by a Canadian broadcaster or cable station. (The rest is
disbursed by Telefilm Canada, which finances productions based on their artistic
and production merits.)

Of that $95-million, about half comes from taxpayer coffers and the rest from
cable and TV companies, whose licences require them to contribute to the fund.

Even then, there are always far more TV productions than there is money
available. "Last year, after we ran out of money we had 101 projects still in
our vaults with a total value of $33.5-million," said Phil Serruya, the fund's
manager of communications. Without the grants, most of those productions never
got filmed. As a result, producers take the fund's deadline very, very
seriously.

Many TV-industry figures prefer this system because they have some control over
the funds' distribution. Others are horrified at the spectacle.

"I'm embarrassed for us all," said Garth Pritchard, an Alberta TV-documentary
producer who says he has boycotted the fund (his films have been funded by the
National Film Board). "The merit of your proposal means nothing. Instead,
they're treating us like we're in a deli buying meat. This is a childish way to
hand out $100-million -- this is the culture of Canada we're talking about."

To receive funding, programs must first be given from 10 to 20 per cent of their
budgets in cash from a broadcaster or cable station. The fund then provides at
least 10 per cent of the budget; as much as 30 per cent is offered if the
production is in French, produced in a place other than Toronto or Montreal, or
is "distinctively Canadian."

Grants range from $4,000 to $3.5-million, depending on the production's budget,
with an average in the range of $400,000 to $450,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Daily Variety

                              July 10, 1995 Monday

Nine Months (Comedy -- Color) #A 20th Century Fox release of a 1492 picture.
Produced by Anne Francois, Chris Columbus, Mark Radcliffe, Michael Barnathan.
Executive producers, Joan Bradshaw, Christopher Lambert. #Directed, written by
Chris Columbus, based on the film "Neuf Mois," written and directed by Patrick
Braoude. Camera (Deluxe color, Panavision widescreen), Donald McAlpine; editor,
Raja Gosnell; film editor, Stephen Rivkin; music, Hans Zimmer; production
design, Angelo P. Graham; art direction, W. Steven Graham, Garrett Lewis; set
design, Richard Berger, Steve Saklad; costume design, Jay Hurley; sound (Dolby
SR), Nelson Stoll; associate producer, Paula DuPre'Pesmen; assistant director,
Geoff Hansen; casting, Janet Hirshenson, Jane Jenkins. Reviewed at UA Westwood,
Los Angeles, July 6, 1995. MPAA Rating: PG-13. Running time: 102 min. Samuel
Faulkner ... Hugh Grant Rebecca Taylor ... Julianne Moore Marty Dwyer ... Tom
Arnold Gail Dwyer ... Joan Cusack Sean Fletcher ... Jeff Goldblum Dr. Kosevich
... Robin Williams Truman ... Joey Simmrin Shannon Dwyer ... Ashley Johnson Lili
... Mia Cottet Nine Months" is an innocuously funny, audience-pleasing comedy
with a giant question mark hanging over it in the form of star Hugh Grant. Very
much tailored -- and marketed -- around the cuddly charm and boyish good looks
of the British actor who hit it big in "Four Weddings and a Funeral" and made
unwanted headlines just two weeks before the launch of his Hollywood screen
debut, this mainstream picture will be the butt of easy jokes before its release
and no doubt a few titters from audiences during the early scenes. But probably,
for most viewers, the film's broad entertainment value will overtake any morbid
curiosity or derisive attitudes they may bring with them. Barring any further
unforeseen developments, result should be bright summer B.O. for this
intermittently amusing, emotionally predictable Fox release.

BYLINE: Todd McCarthy

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 769 words


#It's true that the torrent of headlines, gossip and speculation about the Grant
case makes it impossible to watch the film in precisely the same frame of mind
that would have prevailed had the Hollywood hooker episode never happened. There
are a handful of lines and situations, and one scene in particular, that will be
endlessly cited and excerpted for their relevance to real life.

But it remains easy enough to see the film for what it is -- an exceedingly safe
and conven-

tional Chris Columbus comedy, his first since the blockbuster "Mrs. Doubtfire,"
that switches at will from laugh-making to heart-tugging.

Based on a French feature that was successful on its home turf but never made it
into U.S. release, Americanized version retains the same basic set of characters
but has veered away from the original's concentration on the comic physical side
effects of pregnancy as well as its critique of hospital conditions and medical
practice.

Grant stars as consummate yuppie Samuel Faulkner, a breezy young man who's got
it all -- red Porsche, San Francisco apartment with a bay view, thriving
practice as -- ha ha -- a child psychiatrist, and a lovely girlfriend of five
years, Rebecca Taylor (Julianne Moore).

#When Rebecca announces that she's pregnant, Samuel runs his fancy car off the
road from the shock. The news also sends Grant rifling through his repertoire of
befuddled reactions, including much rapid eyelid fluttering, slight stammering
and panicked expressions camouflaged by polite smiles.

Unable to summon the nerve to tell his beloved he simply doesn't want the kid,
Samuel starts suffering from discarded-mate/praying mantis nightmares. Things
don't get much better when, at their first doctor visit, they draw a newly
arrived medic from Russia (a hilariously malapropistic Robin Williams) who has
previously treated only animals, or when Rebecca's new moods force Samuel to
face the prospect of life without sex.

When Samuel's indifference and lack of commitment become too much for her,
Rebecca stomps out and moves in with her new best friend, Gail (Joan Cusack),
latter's boorish husband, Marty (Tom Arnold), and their three monster kids.

Left hanging, Samuel momentarily tries to revive his bachelor ways at the
encouragement of swinger pal Sean (Jeff Goldblum). But watching a video of his
sprout in utero makes Samuel feel like taking "What to Expect When You're
Expecting" to bed rather than a winsome blond babe, and he realizes it's time to
grow up and smell the diapers.

In the scene that could easily provoke some unwanted laughs, Grant's Samuel
comes groveling to a bedridden Rebecca to beg her forgiveness and try to win her
back. "I was a disgrace," he admits, adding, "You had every right to walk out on
me." (A police mug shot of Grant that appeared in the film's trailer to vast
audience amusement is nowhere to be seen in the finished film, nor is his
character ever arrested.)

Pic degenerates with a ridiculous slapstick race to the hospital, but rebounds
with some delivery room farce in which Williams' Russian doc reassumes center
stage to bring his first baby into the world.

Frantically calling for Anastasia instead of anesthesia, the madcap thesp has a
field day putting a comic capper on the film before the expected feel-good
wrap-up. Some amusing end-credit real-life snapshots of the pic's stars as
toddlers will send auds out chuckling.

All the film's humor and sentiments play right into the most commonly held
"family values," so this will hardly be the ticket for anyone looking for
something edgy, sophisticated or hip. But heartlanders should eat it up,
provided they don't stay away due to the Grant controversy. If they do see the
film, actor's domestic acceptance will be confirmed and amplified by virtue of
his winning ways here.

Amply conveying his character's squirmy discomfort at the prospect of fatherhood
and loss of freedom, Grant does lay on the mugging and facial contortions a bit
thick at times, but his debonair manner and appealing personality do a lot to
put the film over.

Moore is winsome and just serious enough as his well-matched mate, while
Goldblum, Arnold and Cusack supply effective shtick as combination sounding
boards and saviors for the pressured leading characters.

Action could be taking place down the block from where "Mrs. Doubtfire" was set.
San Francisco is used for its usual scenic value and upscale ambience, and
production values are sparkling down the line.

Among the many credited producers, Anne Francois produced and Christopher
Lambert exec produced the French original version.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Daily Variety Ltd.
                               All Rights Reserved

                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

A little Divine intervention

BYLINE: Anna Hutchens Dr Anna Hutchens is an associate fellow of the Regulatory
Institutions Network (RegNet) at the Australian National University and has
co-convened the ACT Fair Trade Group.

SECTION: GOOD LIVING; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1209 words


Australians have an appetite for fair trade produce but our Government could do
more, writes Anna Hutchens.

POLITICIANS' peccadilloes are never far from the spotlight but in the run-up to
Fair Trade Fortnight, which begins on Saturday, local organisers are urging
Prime Minster Kevin Rudd to substitute his enthusiasm for Iced Vo Vos. They
would like him to opt for an indulgence enjoyed by many of his British
counterparts, including Prime Minister Gordon Brown: chocolate.

But not any ordinary chocolate. The Brits are sinking their teeth into their
leading fair trade brand, Divine Chocolate. It's now popular enough to compete
directly with Cadbury and Nestle, yet is made and co-owned by 45,000 small-scale
cocoa growers from the Kuapa Kokoo co-operative, spread across 1200 villages in
Ghana.

The British Government has good reason to promote Divine and be proud of its
success. In 1999 its department for international development gave the company a
Â£400,000 loan guarantee as seed capital to establish the brand. That loan has
been paid in full.

Fair trade is a business relationship that provides better trading conditions
and recognises the rights of producers in developing countries. It works in many
commodity sectors other than chocolate including coffee, tea, sugar, rice and
cotton.

The Fairtrade product label (which spells fair trade as one word) guarantees
that a product has met its production and trade requirements including minimum
prices for producers, a social premium for community development projects and
direct long-term trading relationships between traders and democratic producer
organisations.

It's a relationship that encourages shoppers worldwide to buy fairly traded
goods and is helping producers in many of the poorest nations break free from
aid-based support and establish strong businesses.

Australian consumers, like those in other parts of the developed world, have
quickly acquired an appetite for fair trade. Since 2004 the value of fair-trade
sales in Australia and New Zealand has risen by 440 per cent; in the 2006-07
financial year combined retail sales in the two countries topped $12 million.

Governments, too, have seen the value of supporting the movement. The British
Government has invested more than $25 million in the fair-trade market during
the past 10 years. Across the Tasman, the New Zealand Government has supported a
range of fair-trade programs aimed at helping the country's regional neighbours.
The former British secretary of state for international development Hilary Benn
has said the start-up capital provided for Divine, and its subsequent success in
the British market, has helped more than 100,000 people in Ghana through the
services provided by the co-operative: essentials such as health, education,
water and sanitation.

In New Zealand, the government funds awareness campaigns and programs to help
boost fair trade. It also provides ongoing financial support for the country's
leading fair-trade shop, Trade Aid, and in 2003 provided capital to set up the
Fair Trade Association of Australia and New Zealand. Even government departments
are in on the act, with the ministries of education and the environment
registering themselves as fair-trade workplaces, procuring and promoting
products.

Association executive director Steve Knapp says with all this activity in his
country he's perplexed it hasn't even registered on the Australian Government's
aid radar.

"Australia could increase demand for fair trade through government procurement
policies, purchasing fair-trade products where possible through all departments
and, by setting the example, encourage other organisations to do the same," he
says.

However, Australian Government support shouldn't be based solely on buying
fair-trade products, he says. "Australia could support increases through
development support for producer organisations in the Asia-Pacific region, which
should be part of their support for Aid for Trade."

That may not happen any time soon. The parliamentary secretary for international
development assistance, Bob McMullan, says the Rudd Government's approach is a
model that others should follow.

"The Centre for Global Development has ranked Australia's trade policies as
among the best in the world, in terms of serving the interests of developing
countries, because of the openness of our markets and our leadership of the
global campaign to have other developed countries open their markets for the
agricultural products of developing countries," he says. "We advocate that
others should do the same."

Time will tell whether the Rudd Government gets a taste for fair trade and
catches up with consumers here and around the world. Meanwhile, fair-trade
products, always available from Oxfam shops, are making the transition to the
mainstream, appearing in Coles, Woolworths, IGA and Macro Wholefoods.

How they've made the trade schemes work

Colombian-born Jacqueline Arias began Republica Coffee, selling fair trade
produce, a couple of years ago and now supplies two national supermarkets.

Last year she opened her first cafe in Broadway Shopping Centre.

A trip to Colombia prompted Arias to begin the business. There, talking to
farmers who were drinking instant coffee, she found they had no concept of the
value of their produce to the Western world. She began her wholly fair trade,
organic coffee business to help.

At Lawson in the Blue Mountains, Grant and Mignonne Murray were at a loose end.
After five years working with youth and women's groups in Tanzania, they
returned to Australia but wanted to help the poor in the developing world.

When someone mentioned the grassroots fair trade movement in Britain, the couple
realised this was what they had been looking for. In 2004, they made contact
with businesses in Asia through aid organisation TEAR Australia, liked the
samples they were sent and "took a chance and made an order", Grant Murray says.
The initial focus was accessories and clothing but it wasn't long before tea,
locally roasted coffee, chocolate, cocoa and edible coconut oil joined the list
of products being sold by the fledgling company, Tribes and Nations.

"People seemed to be longing for something like this," Murray says. "They'd
heard a bit about fair trade and people getting ripped off so when they saw the
opportunity to buy the tea or the coffee they just jumped at it."

Natasha Lewis admits she was very idealistic when she and her brother launched
grocery wholesale business Organic Trader seven years ago. In addition to
organic foods, they soon began to deal with fair trade lines.

Today, she is chairwoman of the Fair Trade Association of Australia and New
Zealand and says: "Australia was a late starter compared to the rest of the
world with fair trade but in the last year there has been much more interest
across the board."

FAIR TASTE

A fair trade fiesta will be held at Paddington Town Hall on May 6 (6pm-9pm).
Chef-restaurateur Kylie Kwong will be cooking. Entry, $15. Other fair trade
fortnight events include fairs at Northmead and Leichhardt and a coffee break in
Gosford. Award-winning documentary Black Gold, about an Ethiopian coffee
unionist's fight for fair prices for farmers, shows at Castle Hill on Saturday
and Belrose on May 10. See www.fairtrade.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: A matter of choice ... fair trade supporters Natasha Lewis
(above), Grant Murray (below left) and Jacqueline Arias. Photos: Quentin Jones
and Tamara Dean

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                  May 1, 2015

Scotch beef and lamb producers land â ¬1.2m export funding

BYLINE: Charlie Taverner

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 306 words


Scottish livestock farmers will benefit from  1.2m (MSL_POUND861,000) of cash to
help sell Scotch beef and lamb in Europe.The European Commission has approved a
two-year grant to promote Scottish red meat carrying protected geographical
indication (PGI) status in five key markets.The efforts will be targeted at
Denmark, Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden.See also: How PGI status
helps beef and lamb producers across UKChief executive of Quality Meat Scotland
(QMS) Uel Morton said high quality standards were key to keeping PGI status and
unlocking this promotion money. It is important that our industry is aware of
this additional value quality assurance brings and continues to support us with
our ongoing recruitment campaign to encourage farmers who are not members of our
quality assurance schemes to understand their importance to the future of our
industry,  Mr Morton said.The promotional scheme is being co-funded by the EU
and the Scottish red meat levy, meaning  2.4m (MSL_POUND1.72m) will be spent in
total.The five target export destinations were picked out in QMS s 2011 strategy
review.Promotional money will go towards will go towards design, production and
distribution of point of sale material, advertising, events and public
relations.Scotland s rural affairs secretary Richard Lochhead said PGI beef and
lamb were renowned for their taste, quality and provenance.

We know there is a great global appetite for these protected products and
previous EU grants secured by QMS have enabled exports of Scotch beef and lamb
to secure a real premium presence in the French and Italian markets,  Mr
Lochhead said. This award also highlights the benefits of protected status and
membership of a quality assurance scheme and I d encourage any producers who
aren t currently signed up to consider doing so.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2015 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

wine;
FOOD & DRINK

BYLINE: JOHN LEWIS

SECTION: WEEKENDER; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 384 words


As the wine store ads reveal, there's an almost unlimited choice of sparkling
wines jostling for attention this Cup week. Here are three good 'uns from
varying price segments that I've just taste-tested.

Freixenet Non-Vintage Cordon Negro, $16 ****

You get good-value drinking from your $16 in this wine from the giant Spanish
wine company that is the world's largest producer of methode champenoise
sparklers. This is a fuller-bodied drop that is daffodil-hued, has passionfruit
aromas and shows medium-fine bubbles. Fresh pear flavour comes through on the
front of the palate and the middle palate brings in citrus and honey and toast
characters. Flinty acid features at the finish. It is made from the Spanish
macabeo and parellada grape varieties and is widely available in wine stores.
Freixenet, pronounced "fresh Annette", owns Australia's Wingara Wine Group,
producer of the Katnook Estate, Deakin Estate and Crackerjack wine brands.

Grant Burge Non-Vintage Heir Apparent CuvÃ©e Brut, $19.95 **** 1/2

This is a new addition to the portfolio of Grant and Helen Burge's Barossa
Valley-based wine group. It's dubbed Heir Apparent because it is next in line to
the Burge Non-Vintage Sparkling Pinot Noir-Chardonnay. It is light gold in the
glass, pours with fine, busy bubbles and has scents of lemon curd and newly
baked croissants. The front of the palate introduces ruby grapefruit flavour,
followed up on the middle palate by Granny Smith apple, crushed almond and
butterscotch characters. Slatey acid zips in at the finish. It's available in
independent wine stores and restaurants. The base wine comprises 67 per cent
chardonnay and 33 per cent pinot noir.

Chandon CuvÃ©e Riche, $41 **** 1/2

It's no surprise that there's a strong French influence in wines from the
Domaine Chandon winery at Coldstream, in Victoria's Yarra Valley. It is part of
the giant Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH) group, owner of some of the most
prestigious Champagne brands. This wine is modelled on the sweeter "doux"-style
champagnes. It is green-gold, has tiny, persistent bubbles and the nose has
scents of tropical fruit salad and macadamia nuts. Ripe peach flavour comes
through on the front of the palate and elements of guava, nashi pear and nougat
chime in on the middle palate. Steely acid refreshes at the finish.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE PHOTOS: Freixenet Non-Vintage Cordon Negro Grant Burge
Non-Vintage Heir Apparent CuvÃ©e Brut Chandon CuvÃ©e Riche

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            February 5, 2006 Sunday

BYLINE:  Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 454 words


USDA Rural Development will host four informational meetings covering the USDA's
Value-Added Producer Grant Program and Renewable Energy & Energy Efficiency
Program.

Presentations are:

n 9:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. Tuesday, Conference Room, High Plains Journal, 1500 East
Wyatt Earp, Dodge City.

n 9:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. Wednesday, 4-H Building, Saline County Livestock & Expo
Center, 900 Greeley, Salina.

n 12:30 and 3 p.m. Thursday, Lecture Hall, Administration Building, Allen County
Community College, 1801 N. Cottonwood, Iola

n 9:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. Friday, Extension Meeting Room, Shawnee County Extension
Office, 1740 S.W. Western, Topeka.

Registration begins 30 minutes before each session. The grant funds can provide
support in the areas of renewable value-added and energy development, state
director Chuck Banks said.

The Capital-Journal

Poet plans

book-signing

Above All Books & Gifts in White Lakes Center will host a book-signing with
author Carol Bruce-Lockhart from 4:30 to 7 p.m. Friday.

Bruce-Lockhart will be signing copies of "Beyond The Blue Line Barrier," a
collection of inspirational poems that address reactions to many of life's
situations.

The Capital-Journal

ConAgra sells

meats assets

ConAgra Foods Inc., one of the nation's largest packaged-foods companies, said
last week that it will sell off its refrigerated meats business. The unit
generated about $1.9 billion in sales last year.

The sale includes 15 plants in nine states and about 6,000 employees of the
Omaha-based company, and ConAgra plans to part with its Armour, Butterball and
Eckrich brands.

ConAgra spokesman Chris Kircher said the company expects that most of those
6,000 employees would become employees of the new owner.

The sale of the refrigerated meat business is one of the first major changes
ConAgra's president and chief executive, Gary Rodkin, has made since joining the
company in October.

The Associated Press

KTKA back

with news

After a four-year absence, KTKA 49 News is returning to northeast Kansas today
following Super Bowl XL.

Led by co-anchors Jana Corrie and Matt Brennan, chief meteorologist Matt Miller
and sports director Nick Griffith, 49 News at 10 will debut after the Super Bowl
and ABC's "Grey's Anatomy" at about 10:15 p.m.

The new 49 News team includes more than 30 reporters, producers, directors,
photographers and team members and is supported by state-of-the-art digital
delivery systems.

The general manager is Topeka native Jim Evers. News director is John
Rinkenbaugh, also a Kansas native.

The owner is Free State Communications LLC, a multimedia company based in
Lawrence and affiliated with the Lawrence Journal-World. The company bought the
station last year.

The Capital-Journal

It's your business . . . 11A

10A

FEBRUARY 5, 2006

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal

                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Battle continues in Minnesota over small energy producers

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 929  words


As more farmers, businesses and homeowners look to put up wind turbines and
solar panels to generate power, utilities like rural electric cooperatives are
pushing back against a state law that they say puts them at a disadvantage.

A debate flared at the state Capitol this year as advocates for rural utilities
tried unsuccessfully to change a law that forces them to buy power at the same
price as they sell it. The provision is known as the "net metering" law.
Meanwhile, a coalition that includes the Dayton administration, farmers and
environmentalists is trying to expand the financial benefits of net metering to
a larger base of entrepreneurs.

Farmers are building wind turbines to produce their own electricity, said Thom
Petersen, director of government relations at the Minnesota Farmers Union. Under
the state's net metering law, they can sell their excess power to utilities at
the average retail rate.

"It's been really good for local development," Petersen said. "It adds value to
the farm. It's something a farmer can do to reduce electric costs and generate a
little income. "

Minnesota lawmakers in 1983 established the first net metering law in the
country. Today there are 35 states that have some kind of net metering program
that requires utilities to buy the excess energy produced at qualifying homes,
farms and businesses, according to the Minneapolis-based consulting firm
Windustry.

Back when Minnesota's net metering law was created, policymakers were becoming
interested in so-called distributed generation, in which electricity is
generated locally using renewable sources of energy. One of the goals of the
movement has been to distribute the production of electricity more broadly
rather than solely in centralized power plants. There is also the added benefit
of local ownership over production of energy, said Bill Grant, a deputy
commissioner at the state Department of Commerce who leads the Minnesota
Division of Energy Resources (DER).

"Distributed generation, usually in the form of small wind, solar or natural gas
systems, [involves] generally cleaner sources of electricity than those they
replace. Wind and solar investments keep energy dollars working in the state
rather than leaving to pay for imported fuel," Grant said.

The law pertains to small energy producers and sets a cap at 40 kilowatts.
Special meters are used to determine how much energy the farm or business needs
to operate. The excess is sold to the utility.

The rate utilities are required by law to pay is a source of controversy at the
Capitol. Utilities, which are often small electrical cooperatives in rural
areas, must offer the average retail rate. That's between 8 to 10 cents per
kilowatt hour. Joel Johnson, a lobbyist for the Minnesota Rural Electric
Association (MREA), said the state's net metering law put the rural co-ops at a
disadvantage.

"It's the equivalent of going to a local grocery and saying, 'Since this fruit
is produced locally, if they bring it in to you, you have to buy it at the same
price that you sell to the rest of your customers,'" Johnson said.

Minnesota and Wisconsin are the only states that apply the retail rate to net
metering energy producers.

The MREA supported legislation sponsored by Rep. Paul Torkelson, R-Nelson
Township, to change the rate to the average wholesale rate. That would be
between 4 and 5 cents per kilowatt hour.

The DER opposed Torkelson's proposal, noting concerns that would result "in all
probability even fewer consumers willing to make an investment in clean
distributed generation. "

Torkelson's proposal was included in the House omnibus energy policy bill.
According to an MREA legislative update, the inclusion of the net metering
change took many by surprise because it was introduced only a couple of weeks
before the omnibus bill was assembled. Ultimately, though, the measure was
dropped before the omnibus bill passed.

Net metering issues will likely surface at the Capitol in the future.

Grant and other energy policy experts see a need to change state policy so that
more small energy producers can participate. They see Minnesota's cap of 40
kilowatts, which is among the lowest thresholds in the nation, as a barrier to
expanding small renewable energy systems.

People with energy systems that produce more than 40 killowatts must negotiate a
rate with the local utility. The negotiated rate is essentially the market rate,
which is about 2 cents per kilowatt hour less than the retail rate in today's
market, Grant said.

Grant said Minnesota has lagged other states in the amount of energy that is
supplied to the grid by small producers. In the last 30 years, only about 12
megawatts have been installed, he said.

"Minnesota's low threshold relative to many other states has resulted in
relatively little distributed generation being installed," Grant said.

The St. Paul-based group Fresh Energy advocates increasing the cap to somewhere
around 1,000 kilowatts for wind and 400 kilowatts for solar. The group also
contends that liability insurance requirements are based on old technology and
can be cost-prohibitive.

"Minnesota should rehab its net metering policy and make it easier for Minnesota
families and business owners to take advantage of the state's renewable
resources," according to the Fresh Energy website.

However, proposals to increase the cap meet opposition from the MREA. Among
other reasons, Johnson noted that prices for wind are becoming competitive with
other types of energy.

"In particular we'd be very opposed to increasing [the production cap] at the
retail rate," Johnson said.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Smiths Falls Record News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Two Rivers Food Hub receives $103,500 federal grant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 877  words


Two Rivers Food Hub received a huge financial boost today as a $103,500 grant to
help support infrastructure for aggregation, storage, processing, marketing and
distribution of locally grown food was presented by the Eastern Ontario CFDC
Network.

MPs Gord Brown of Leeds and Grenville, and Scott Reid of Lanark-Frontenac-Lennox
and Addington made the announcement at the Gallipeau Centre April 9.

The funding is through the Eastern Ontario Development Program (EODP)
Collaborative Projects stream.

Reid said of the announcement that consumer demand and interest is a real desire
to get locally produced food to a local market.

"It's part of a broad trend in Canada and the United States and elsewhere," he
said. "But there are impediments, like a lack of direct venue like the hub."

Reid noted that supply chains are set up to favour large amounts of products and
produce that come through larger centralized organizations.

"That deals only with products that don't have to go through cooking or
processing or some kind of preparation. As soon as that occurs it's not legal to
go through a farmers' market. You have to go through a provincially monitored
facility like this food hub," Reid said.

So farmers markets were reinvigorated to address this issue.

"That's the particular element that the Two Rivers Food Hub brings to this
community and all the surrounding communities," Reid said. "That's a very
considerable step."

Reid said this was an exciting endeavor to see transpire at the Two Rivers Food
Hub.

The Two Rivers Food Hub will increase agricultural production - from the small
scale farmer to the larger producers - to create a food value chain that will
develop new, stable markets for local producers and new opportunities for
farmers to enter the marketplace with off season storage, value added processing
and incubator farm sites.

The project will also support a local food economy that provides buyers with a
year round source of quality local food products, increase the opportunities
with networks for local farmers to scale up production and it will improve accss
to locally grown food for the entire community.

Brown said it's great news for agriculture in both ridings.

"This funding has made such an impact in rural eastern Ontario, helping projects
like this," he said.

This is part of the collaborative community priority, the MP noted.

"I'm delighted to see this happening... and there is great support in our
agricultural communities. It will make a real difference for our food producers
and I'm delighted to see the money coming from the federal government. The money
will be so well spent."

Ray Elgersma, a director on the Food Hub's board, was part of the committee that
made this grant happen.

Going from concept to operation in a year "is a remarkable feat," he said. "That
happened because there were a number of supporting organizations helping with
that."

Continued support from Valley Heartland to develop a business plan, the
Gallipeau Centre for reduced rates in the first year, ongoing municipal funding,
individuals, volunteer organizations were highlighted as instrumental in the
process.

"The primary thrust of this endeavor is to mainstream local food by providing
commercial kitchens and a food hub for purchasing, processing and marketing,"
Elgersma said. "Local food producers will increase income and production and
local purchasers have a one-stop source for local food."

Food Hub general manager Matthew Brearley said he was over the moon with
excitement at the amount of funding they received.

"It's amazing," he said, following the presentation. "It will give us some
breathing room for the next year and we're full steam ahead."

Brearley said they waited with bated breath for the outcome of the proposal.

They weren't expecting the amount they received, "especially when we were
hearing that people in other areas were not successful."

This means that the Food Hub can hire some staff and look at future projects.

When asked if craft beer was an option in the future, he said not at this time,
"but we're looking into processing hops." Smiths Falls Mayor Shawn Pankow said
it was a real boost for the Smiths Falls economy and "a positive news story" in
light of the recent closings of Target and Staples.

About the EODP

The EODP Collaborative Projects stream, which is delivered by the Eastern
Ontario CFDC Network, provides 50 per cent matching funds for eligible
initiatives that demonstrate broad support from the region and or various
partners, and other sustainable, measurable, economic benefits to the regional
economy.

The EODP is a $48-million economic development initiative focused on addressing
economic challenges in eastern Ontario and taking advantage of innovative
opportunities in the region.

The program is managed by the Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern
Ontario and delivered through eastern Ontario's 15 Community Futures Development
Corporations and the Eastern Ontario Community Futures Development Corporation
Network Inc.

Applications are solicited by each CFDC and the Network and are assessed on
their potential to stimulate local and regional economic development and create
jobs.

"We very much appreciate this grant," Elgersma said. "I feel positive we'll be
self sustaining in about three years."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved

                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Smiths Falls Record News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Two Rivers Food Hub receives $105,300 federal grant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 877  words


Two Rivers Food Hub received a huge financial boost today as a $105,300 grant to
help support infrastructure for aggregation, storage, processing, marketing and
distribution of locally grown food was presented by the Eastern Ontario CFDC
Network.

MPs Gord Brown of Leeds and Grenville, and Scott Reid of Lanark-Frontenac-Lennox
and Addington made the announcement at the Gallipeau Centre April 9.

The funding is through the Eastern Ontario Development Program (EODP)
Collaborative Projects stream.

Reid said of the announcement that consumer demand and interest is a real desire
to get locally produced food to a local market.

"It's part of a broad trend in Canada and the United States and elsewhere," he
said. "But there are impediments, like a lack of direct venue like the hub."

Reid noted that supply chains are set up to favour large amounts of products and
produce that come through larger centralized organizations.

"That deals only with products that don't have to go through cooking or
processing or some kind of preparation. As soon as that occurs it's not legal to
go through a farmers' market. You have to go through a provincially monitored
facility like this food hub," Reid said.

So farmers markets were reinvigorated to address this issue.

"That's the particular element that the Two Rivers Food Hub brings to this
community and all the surrounding communities," Reid said. "That's a very
considerable step."

Reid said this was an exciting endeavor to see transpire at the Two Rivers Food
Hub.

The Two Rivers Food Hub will increase agricultural production - from the small
scale farmer to the larger producers - to create a food value chain that will
develop new, stable markets for local producers and new opportunities for
farmers to enter the marketplace with off season storage, value added processing
and incubator farm sites.

The project will also support a local food economy that provides buyers with a
year round source of quality local food products, increase the opportunities
with networks for local farmers to scale up production and it will improve accss
to locally grown food for the entire community.

Brown said it's great news for agriculture in both ridings.

"This funding has made such an impact in rural eastern Ontario, helping projects
like this," he said.

This is part of the collaborative community priority, the MP noted.

"I'm delighted to see this happening... and there is great support in our
agricultural communities. It will make a real difference for our food producers
and I'm delighted to see the money coming from the federal government. The money
will be so well spent."

Ray Elgersma, a director on the Food Hub's board, was part of the committee that
made this grant happen.

Going from concept to operation in a year "is a remarkable feat," he said. "That
happened because there were a number of supporting organizations helping with
that."

Continued support from Valley Heartland to develop a business plan, the
Gallipeau Centre for reduced rates in the first year, ongoing municipal funding,
individuals, volunteer organizations were highlighted as instrumental in the
process.

"The primary thrust of this endeavor is to mainstream local food by providing
commercial kitchens and a food hub for purchasing, processing and marketing,"
Elgersma said. "Local food producers will increase income and production and
local purchasers have a one-stop source for local food."

Food Hub general manager Matthew Brearley said he was over the moon with
excitement at the amount of funding they received.

"It's amazing," he said, following the presentation. "It will give us some
breathing room for the next year and we're full steam ahead."

Brearley said they waited with bated breath for the outcome of the proposal.

They weren't expecting the amount they received, "especially when we were
hearing that people in other areas were not successful."

This means that the Food Hub can hire some staff and look at future projects.

When asked if craft beer was an option in the future, he said not at this time,
"but we're looking into processing hops." Smiths Falls Mayor Shawn Pankow said
it was a real boost for the Smiths Falls economy and "a positive news story" in
light of the recent closings of Target and Staples.

About the EODP

The EODP Collaborative Projects stream, which is delivered by the Eastern
Ontario CFDC Network, provides 50 per cent matching funds for eligible
initiatives that demonstrate broad support from the region and or various
partners, and other sustainable, measurable, economic benefits to the regional
economy.

The EODP is a $48-million economic development initiative focused on addressing
economic challenges in eastern Ontario and taking advantage of innovative
opportunities in the region.

The program is managed by the Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern
Ontario and delivered through eastern Ontario's 15 Community Futures Development
Corporations and the Eastern Ontario Community Futures Development Corporation
Network Inc.

Applications are solicited by each CFDC and the Network and are assessed on
their potential to stimulate local and regional economic development and create
jobs.

"We very much appreciate this grant," Elgersma said. "I feel positive we'll be
self sustaining in about three years."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved

                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 13, 2012 Monday

Wolf depredation compensation plan on agenda

BYLINE: Bill Rautenstrauch, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


Aug. 13--Proposed rules for Union County's wolf depredation compensation plan
will get a look during Wednesday's regular meeting of the Union County Board of
Commissioners.

Union County is participating in the Oregon Department of Agriculture's wolf
depredation compensation program that pays producers for losses attributed to
wolves. Compensation for losses would be funded by the ODA.

Earlier this year, the county appointed an advisory committee to help set the
parameters for a local program. During Wednesday's meeting the board will
consider a local document that the includes definitions, rules on eligibility,
eligible expenses, application review, compensation rates and more.

The document says compensation for death or injury of livestock or working dogs
will be paid if adequate grant funds are available. Compensation for mature
livestock would be at full market value, while compensation for immature animals
would be based on the market value of the animal at the expected time of sale.

If an animal is injured then euthanized, the livestock owner would be
compensated at the same rate as a death.

Among proposed eligibility rules, the applicant for compensation must
demonstrate that he or she did not unreasonably or purposefully create
circumstances that attract wolves or encourage conflict between wolves and
livestock or working dogs.

Also, the applicant must demonstrate implementation of best management practices
to deter wolves, including reasonable non-lethal methods when practicable.

Those methods would include radio-activated guard devices, non-injurious
harassment, fladry, husbandry and range riders.

In order to qualify for missing livestock, producers must document that other
possible causes for missing animals have been eliminated.

Wednesday's meeting gets under way at 9 a.m. in the commissioners conference
room, 1106 K Ave. The wolf depredation program is set to be considered at 10
a.m.

Following public comments and concerns, the board is scheduled to meet with
Computer Services Director Kathie Powell to discuss a contract. At 9:30 a.m.,
the panel plans a talk with Planning Director Hanley Jenkins on the renewal of
the county's solid waste refuge collection franchise agreement with City Garbage
Service. A court order approving the new contract will be considered.

Under administrative matters, the board will consider a United States Department
of Agriculture wildlife services agreement, Title III funding applications, and
a resolution concerning national forest safety net payments.

Following the regular session, the board will meet in executive session to
discuss labor negotiations.

___ (c)2012 The Observer (La Grande, Ore.) Visit The Observer (La Grande, Ore.)
at www.lagrandeobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120813-YL-Wolf-depredation-compensation-plan-on-agenda-0813-20120813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2012 The Observer

                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             June 1, 2005 Wednesday

Tattoo feels taken for granted

BYLINE: Smulders, Marilyn

SECTION: DAILZ ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 436  words


The producer of the Nova Scotia International Tattoo repeats Rodney
Dangerfield's famous line, substituting "no respect" for "no recognition."

"We get no recognition," says Ian Fraser, producer and director of the 26th
annual edition of the Nova Scotia International Tattoo. "That's definitely our
biggest problem."

His beef? Just a month from when the Tattoo takes over the Halifax Metro Centre
for nine days from July 1 to 9, there's been no word on its grant from the
provincial government. Last year, the Tattoo secured $153,000 and is requesting
$173,000 this year.

"We think it's unusual. We think we should have heard by now," said Fraser
yesterday, at a news conference in the Cambridge Military Library.

That's a long way from the heady days in the early 1990s when John Buchanan's
government lavished more than $1 million to the Tattoo. By 1994, that amount was
slashed to $458,000 and the Nova Scotia Tattoo Society was formed with the goal
of decreasing its government support by 10 per cent a year.

"We deserve more recognition, given the show's great value to the province,"
says Fraser, citing statistics claiming more than half of the tourists who came
to the province last year came to see the Nova Scotia International Tattoo.

"I don't call (government support) a grant, I call it an investment."

Operating assistance grants to cultural organizations are expected to be
announced within a week, said Tom Peck, director of communications for the
Tourism and Culture Department.

Grant difficulties aside, Fraser, predicting the show "will be the biggest and
best ever," also says the Tattoo doesn't get enough recognition from Nova
Scotians.

"I call it the Empire State syndrome," he mused, comparing Nova Scotians to New
Yorkers who've never been to the top of the Empire State building. "A lot of
Nova Scotians haven't been to this show either."

Returning for this year's show are the ever-popular The Flying Grandpas from
Hamburg, Germany, and the Stadacona Band of Maritime Forces Atlantic. New acts
are broadening its appeal beyond marching bands and bagpipes including Afro
Jambo Acrobats from Kenya, Pipeworkz, a Celtic-Maori band from New Zealand, and
the Russian Army Paratroopers Song and Dance Ensemble.

In a year marking the 60th anniversary of VE-Day, three acts are arriving from
Germany: the Luftwaffensmusikkorps 4 and the Drill Team of the 5th Company of
Federal Ministry of Defence's Guard Battalion, as well as The Flying Grandpas.

"While the rest of the world is celebrating victory ... we decided to take a
different approach, stressing reconciliation between Germans and Canadians,"
said Fraser.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Poster boy: Student Jordie Gillis with his winning design for Tattoo
poster.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 2, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Steel Halts Dumping Case Against Japanese;
U.S. Steel Withdraws Japan Dumping Case

BYLINE: By James L. Rowe Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; D9

LENGTH: 670 words


In a major victory for the administration's new program to restrain steel
imports, the nation's largest steel producer yesterday withdrew its charges that
Japanese steel makers are selling their products illegally --below cost -- in
the United States.

U.S. Steel Corp. said, in response to questions, that it reserved the right to
reinstitute anti-dumping charges if it felt the system of minimum, or trigger,
prices failed to curb below-cost imports from Japan.

It was the first nod of approval from a major U.S. producer for the
administration's intricate and complex trigger price system.

Several other large steel producers --program a chance -- criticized the
Treasury for setting the trigger prices too low to help domestic producers.

Privately, however, steel makers say that the trigger prices are high enough to
keep out foreign steel.

In the early stages of the program, they concede, U.S. steel consumers are
placing more of their orders with American makers than they were last year.

The Treasury's trigger price mechanism is based.

The Treasury's trigger price mechanism is based on the cost of producing and
shipping steel products to the United States from Japan, supposedly the world's
most efficient maker.  If a shipment of steel comes in below the trigger price,
the Treasury launches an immediate investigation to see if the products are
being sold below fair value.

Unlike the normal anti-dumping proceeding -- such as the type U.S. Steel
withdrew yesterday -- which may take 12 to 15 months to complete a finding, the
Treasury plans to complete its trigger-price proceedings within three months.

The new system went into effect Feb. 21 for products that account for nearly 75
percent of total imports.  The remaining trigger prices should be ready within a
couple of weeks, according to Treasury officials.

U.S. Steel said yesterday that it recognized that Treasury did not have enough
personnel to adequately construct and monitor the vast trigger price mechanism
as well as prosecute anti-dumping investigations of the magnitude of the
Japanese case.

However, the company said in a statement, if it finds that the trigger price
system is not reducing the in-flow of low-priced steel imports, it will not
hesitate to re-file the case it has withdrawn or to file new ones if it thinks
it necessary.

In the meantime, the steel produced said, it will continue investigations of
steel imports to insure that the price conforms with U.S. fair trade laws.

U.S. Steel has also filed suit in U.S. Customs Court to try to force the
Treasury to rule that the European Community violates U.S. countervailing duty
laws when it rebates value-added taxes on steel that it exports.

The countervailing duty statutes prohibit government export subsidies.  They
also require that the U.S. government levy a duty equivalent to the bounty or
grant on goods sold in the United States.  The Treasury ruled that the tax
rebate was not a bounty or grant under the terms of the law.

U.S. Steel said yesterday it would continue to press the countervailing duty
case in the Customs Court.  The Supreme Court is considering a similar case
brought by Zenith Radio Corp. against a wide array of consumer electronic
products from Japan.  Zenith won in Customs Court, and the Treasury won on
appeal.

Last month the Supreme Court agreed to hear the Zenith case.

Treasury officials were pleased with U.S. Steel's announcement yesterday.
Anthony M. Solomon, Under Secretary of the Treasury, who headed the task force
that devised the steel import program, has said many times that the agency could
not run its accelerated anti-dumping procedures for steel and at the same time
pursue the exhaustive anti-dumping cases filed by companies.

He said that if companies were unwilling to drop their pending anti-dumping
cases, the Treasury might be forced to cancel its trigger price mechanism.

The case U.S. Steel dropped yesterday was filed last fall against six Japanese
steel producers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post

                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday

AgForce and the NT Cattleman's Association

BYLINE: CAMERON THOMPSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 375 words


AgForce and the NT Cattleman's Association have accused the Gillard Government
of pulling wool over the eyes of cattle producers and the public by exaggerating
the value of support available to victims of its live export fiasco. The
producers' groups say the value of Commonwealth assistance is overstated by
Agriculture Minister Senator Joe Ludwig by $60 million and that he is promoting
debt in businesses already teetering on financial ruin. "No doubt we're grateful
to the taxpayers for their support," AgForce cattle president, Mitchell district
grazier Grant Maudsley (pictured) said.

"But we are not grateful to the Federal Government for the way it is managing
taxpayers' dollars." Although the ban ended when the first small shipment of
cattle departed Darwin last week, producers were still waiting for any return of
lost income. "It is a disappointing attitude from the government," Mr Maudsley
said. "It comes down to crafty words in a press release. "It is unrealistic to
ask people to go into debt when there is just so much uncertainty. "We are not
being supported in the way you'd expect. "We broke no laws and the rug was
pulled out from under the industry." Cattle producer and NTCA vice-president
Tracey Hayes said producers with businesses paralysed for two months by the live
export ban were told last Wednesday that the $70 million package would cover
interest on new loans from commercial banks worth up to $300,000 a business. "On
closer inspection it appears they have included the value of the loans |
provided by commercial banks | in the value of the package," she said. "This
completely overstates the commonwealth contribution by $60m. Ms Hayes said the
northern industry had lost $200m in cattle sales so far this season. "This is
cash that is not there to pay bills and service debt," she said. The NT
Government had been commended on its move to waive pastoral rents for live
export producers. "We noted that the contribution made by the NT as a percentage
of budget revenue equates to over $200m in the federal budget," Ms Hayes said.
"Interestingly, this is the figure the NTCA had sought from the Federal
Government to assist the northern industry." "This is a hollow package that
requires a major rethink," she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 15, 2001 Saturday

Dakota Beef Cooperative meetings set

LENGTH: 329 words


The Dakota Beef Cooperative will hold equity offering meetings next week in
several locations. DBC, the state's newest value-added agriculture enterprise,
recently announced plans to launch its drive to sell between 40,000 and 100,000
shares of equity stock before Oct. 15. The group's vice chairman, Dwight
Bassingthwaite, said meetings will be held in Bowman, Watford City, Towner and
Carrington to explain the plans to purchase Elkhorn Valley Packing Co.

"Animal agriculture contributes to a large part of the state's economy, and it
could be a much greater aspect if we nurture its growth," Gov. John Hoeven said.
"Value-added enterprises owned by ag producers make sense in helping grow the
state's economy. Every dollar that stays here in the region makes our state
stronger." Lynn Grant, the owner of EVP, as well as cooperative directors will
attend the meetings. The cooperative plans to buy 40 percent to 60 percent of
EVP; current management will continue to operate the packing company. EVP
processes 40,000 head of beef to service more than 150 restaurant customers and
retail outlets throughout the Midwest. "Experience has shown that producers who
vertically integrate into established businesses hedge their bets in the
marketplace," Hoeven said, "Producers who earn additional income bring those
dollars back to their community." Producers who want to set up additional area
meetings maycontact a director or Denise Spanjer at the DBC headquarters in
Mandan at 663-1116. The equity drive meetings: n Monday -- 1 p.m. CDT, Pierre
Ramkota Inn, Pierre, S.D.; 7:30 p.m. MDT, First Western Bank, Wall, S.D. n
Tuesday -- 1 p.m. MDT, City Hall, Bowman; 7:30 p.m. CDT, City Hall, Watford
City. n Wednesday -- 1 p.m., Ranch House Diner, Towner; 7:30 p.m.,
NDSU-Carrington Research Extension Center. n Thursday -- 1:30 p.m., Aberdeen
Ramkota Inn, Aberdeen, S.D.; 7:30 p.m., The Crossroads, Huron, S.D. n Friday --
9:30 a.m., Sioux Falls Ramkota Inn, Sioux Falls, S.D.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2001 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Plastics News

                                  May 18, 2009

Bag-dumping allegations gaining ground;
US trade officials proceed with claims against Indonesia, Taiwan, Vietnam

BYLINE: Mike Verespej

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0020

LENGTH: 624 words


In a unanimous vote, the U.S. International Trade Commission has ruled there is
reason to believe plastic grocery and shopping bags from Indonesia, Taiwan and
Vietnam are being sold in the U.S. at prices 28-96 percent below fair value.

The May 14 ruling that U.S. plastic bag producers are being harmed by dumped and
subsidized imports was in response to a petition filed six weeks ago by bag
manufacturers Hilex Poly Co. LLC and Superbag Corp. The petition alleged that
those three countries are dumping bags into the U.S. market and that the
Vietnamese government is providing subsidies to its manufacturers.

The Commerce Department estimated the dumping margins at 76-96 percent for bags
imported from Taiwain, 35-60 percent for bags imported from Indonesia, and 28-76
percent for bags imported from Vietnam.

Two policy lending programs, three grant programs, three income tax programs,
and three import and value-added tax exemption programs from the Viet- namese
government will be investigated as well. It is the first countervailing duty
investigation against Vietnam.

If these dumping margins and subsidies are substantiated, Commerce can impose
anti-dumping and countervailing duties in those amounts on importers. The
preliminary determination for the countervailing duty measures against Vietnam
is due June 24, while the preliminary determination for the dumping charges
against the three countries is due Sept. 7, according to the ITC Web site.

Final rulings could come as early as December or as late as next April.

"This important decision sends a strong message to foreign producers and
importers of these products that unfair pricing and government subsidies will
not be tolerated, but, rather, will be thoroughly examined by the U.S.
government," said Isaac Bazbaz, a director of Houston-based Superbag, in a
prepared statement.

Mark Daniels, vice president of marketing and environmental affairs at Hilex
Poly, which is based in Hartsville, S.C., said there is a need to level the
playing field for all 15 U.S. plastic bag producers. "Surging imports at
extraordinarily low prices have had a significant adverse impact on our
facilities and our employees," he said.

The number of plastic shopping bags exported from the three countries has more
than doubled, from 6.8 billion in 2006 to 14.6 billion in 2008, increasing their
combined market share from 7 percent to 15 percent, said Joseph Dorn, a partner
in the Washington office of King & Spalding LLP. The law firm filed the petition
on behalf of the bag manufacturers.

In that same time frame, Dorn said, the value of bags exported from those
countries has nearly tripled -- from $63.5 million in 2006 to $182 million in
2008.

Five years ago, after a similar petition, anti-dumping duties ranging from
20-122 percent were imposed on bag manufacturers in China, Malaysia and
Thailand. Those duties are scheduled to be reviewed this year under a sunset
provision in the law.

A dumping petition charges that a company sells its product in the U.S. at a
lower price than it sells that same product in its own country, or at price
lower than its cost of producing that product. A countervailing duty petition
alleges that a foreign government is providing financial assistance to benefit
the production, manufacturer or exportation of a product.

Since the ITC and Commerce Department rulings in 2004, a number of China
retail-bag manufacturers have moved their packaging operations for plastic bags
to Vietnam.

According to Commerce statistics, Vietnam now is the second-largest exporter of
plastic retail bags to the U.S., with bag exports valued at nearly $86 million
in 2008, compared with just over $19 million in 2006. Import taxes on bags from
Vietnam are currently less than 5 percent.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: pn


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                              June 28, 2013 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Bush telegraph

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 798 words


FARM SAFETY FIELD DAY: A field day will be held at this year's Tasmanian Dairy
Farm Safety Award winner's property, owned by John and Meredith Williams,
Legerwood, on July 17, 11am to 2pm. Free lunch, guided tour, view document
proforma, hear their WHS journey, plus talk by Alexis Perez (TIA). Details:
www.pass.org.auRSVP: tasdairy@bigpond.com or phone 6432 2233.

HARVEST CELEBRATION The Tasmanian Olive Council will celebrate the new season's
harvest with a field day at Paul Lovell's Kellevie grove from 11 am on July 21.
Bring a bottle of your best olive oil to share. A barbcue lunch will be on
offer. RSVP to Geoff Price 6265 3619 or Rob Goddard 6393 7856.

PERENNIAL PASTURE RENOVATION: Tamar TRM is holding an inspection of the results
of a two-year trial to test the compatibility between many combinations of
grasses and legumes, at the Archer property Greenhythe, Batman Highway,
Sidmouth, today from 10am to 12.30pm. Guest speakers are Rowan Smith from TIAR,
Bob Reid from Tas global Seeds and Stuart Smith from DPIPWE. Details: 6323 3310.

MARKET GARDEN WORSHOP: Learn about which varieties of vegetables can be grown
successfully in Tasmania over winter and spring. Run by Sprout Tasmania. At
Sorell School Farm on July 27. Details: www.sprouttasmania.com.au

POLYTUNNEL WORKSHOP: Sprout Tasmania is also running a poly tunnel workshop to
demonstrate how to build and maintain tunnels and ways to extend the growing
season, at Cygnet on August 10. Details: www.sprouttasmania.com.au

MEETTHE PRODUCERS: Brand Tasmania and the Tasmanian Hospitality Association are
hosting a forum for buyers to meet producers. Food and beverage producers will
gain valuable skills needed to grow businesses. The Brand Tasmania Meet the
Producer event provides real commercial opportunities for food and beverage
producers where they can promote their products to potential buyers: Hobart,
2.30pm on Monday, August 12 at the Royal Yacht Club, Sandy Bay. Details: Martin
Turmine, 6233 5795 or Martin.Turmine@brand

tasmania.com

COMMUNITY GRANTS: Australian Ethical Community Grants program is open in
Tasmania. More than $100,000 is available for not-for-profit organisations and
community projects. Grants close July 1. Application online at
http://www.australianethical.com.au/communityor contact Sally Rowland at
srowland@australianethical.com.au

MASTER THE ART OF AGRI-INNOVATION: Interested in developing the value chain for
your agribusiness? Boost your skills in agricultural and food sector innovation,
marketing and technology by undertaking an MBA in Agricultural Innovation, a
joint initiative between TIA, the UTAS Faculty of Business and the Tasmanian
Government. Places are still available for the mid-year intake, with financial
support offered through scholarships. Applications close July 7. The full MBA
brochure can be found on the TIA website: www.tia.tas.edu.au/

centres/education-and-training

WEEKENDMARKETS

SATURDAY

Harvest Launceston Community Farmers Market, Cimitiere St car park, opposite
Albert Hall, 8.30am-12.30pm. Details: Misty Sanderson 0417 352 780 or
info@harvestmarket.org.au

Big River Grower's Market, 9am to 2pm, inside the Willow Court complex, New
Norfolk. Details at www.bigrivergrowersmarket.com

SaturdayCommunity Market Mowbray, 9am to 3pm, 330-336 Invermay Rd, Mowbray.
Details: Richard 0418 133 308

St Helens Market, library carpark, 8am to noon. Details: Sue 04195 29719Burnie
Farmers Market, Burnie Showgrounds, 8.30am to noon. Details: Show Office 6431
5882.All Saints Market, 9am to 2pm, 339 Macquarie St, South Hobart. Details:
Yvonne 0417 370 819. Smithton Saturday Market, 135 Nelson St, 8.30am to 3pm.
Details: Ray Murphy 0418 144 249.

SUNDAY

Axeman's Makers Market, Axemans Hall of Fame, Bells Parade, Latrobe, 9am to 3pm
Details: 6426 2099.

Bream Creek Market, 9am to 1pm, showgrounds. Contact: Helen 0417 599 693.

Tasmanian Farm Gate, Melville St carpark, Hobart, 9am to 1pm. Details: Madi
Peattie 6234 5625 or 0401 925 439.Sorell Market, at the Community Hall and Oval
until 1.30pm. Details: Rod 6243 8282 or 0417 509 558.Meet the Producer Market
Lilydale, Carpark behind Lilydale Larder, Lilydale Rd, 10am to 2pm. Details:
Leon Lange 0412 336 381.

Bicheno Market, Opposite Post Office, 8am to 1pm

Campbell Town Market, Town Hall from 8.30am. Details: Sally Hills 6381
1318.Penguin Market, Old Penguin Primary School, 9am to 3.30pm. Details:
www.penguinmarket.com. Don Village Market, Don Memorial Hall, 8am to 2.30pm.
Details: 0428 921 443.Esk Market, Showgrounds, 9am to 2pm. Details: Mick Dennis
6331 6044.Evandale Market, Russel St, 8am to 2pm. Details: Peter Woof 6391
9191.Hobart Showground Market, Howard Rd, Glenorchy, 8am to 2pm. 6272
6812.Kingston Rotary Friendly Market, Kingston Town Shopping Centre car park.
9am to 2pm. Details: Annette 0419 543 287

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               November 18, 2016

                           THEATRE DEVELOPMENT TRUST

                                 32 ROSE STREET
                                     LONDON
                                LONDON WC2E 9ET


TRADE ADDRESS: 32 Rose Street, LONDON WC2E 9ET

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02075576700

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01928541

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 4, 1985
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 20

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Frederick Strang Noble, Deputy Managing Director
     ·    Mr Robert Frederick Strang Noble, Deputy Managing Director
     ·    Miss Kim Poster, Theatre Producer
     ·    Miss Kim Poster, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Nicholas Salmon, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Nicholas Salmon, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Nicholas David Allott, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Nicholas David Allott, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Mark Terence James Goucher, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Mark Terence James Goucher, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Kenneth Howard Wax, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Kenneth Howard Wax, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Mark Gabriel Rubinstein, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Mark Gabriel Rubinstein, Theatre Producer
     ·    Ms Catherine Rowena Mallyon, Executive Director
     ·    Ms Catherine Rowena Mallyon, Executive Director
     ·    Miss Caroline Denise Newling, Theatre Producer
     ·    Miss Caroline Denise Newling, Theatre Producer
     ·    Mr Adam Pennington Spiegel, Producer
     ·    Mr Dafydd Rogers, Theatre Producer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Julian PiersBird


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 309790 Other service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
96090

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  175,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            12,441,62 12,017,03 10,322,95
                                                   9         4         6
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         12,441,62 12,017,03 10,322,95
                                                   9         4         6
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         119,534   245,072 1,262,584
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,071,777 1,361,757 1,771,328
Other Current Assets                       1,191,311 1,606,829 3,033,912
Total Current Assets                       1,191,311 1,606,829 3,033,912
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                        12,441,62 12,017,03 10,322,95
                                                   9         4         6
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               13,632,94 13,623,86 13,356,86
                                                   0         3         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          11,257,53 11,221,69 11,222,95
                                                   1         1         5
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  11,257,53 11,221,69 11,222,95
                                                   1         1         5
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  11,257,53 11,221,69 11,222,95
                                                   1         1         5
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          11,257,53 11,221,69 11,222,95
                                                   1         1         5
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,375,409 2,402,172 2,133,913
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,375,409 2,402,172 2,133,913
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,375,409 2,402,172 2,133,913


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          496,835   439,048         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit         496,835   439,048         -
Operating Profit      -45059    -83482         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -45059    -83482         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -45059    -83482         -
Dividends Payable          0         0         -
Retained Profits      -45059    -83482         -
Value Added           -45059    -83482         -
Capital Employed   2,375,409 2,402,172 2,133,913
Net Worth          2,375,409 2,402,172 2,133,913
Working Capital    -10066220  -9614862  -8189043
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         -
Audit Fees               120       120         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                 20        15         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           -484782         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       471,335         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    139,169         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 139,169         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               13.16      -      -
Pretax             -46.03      -      -
Total Assets         0.07   2.07  10.24
Current Assets     -25.86 -60.73  -64.2
Current              0.32   0.31   0.11
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -1.11  11.32 111.94
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of           33.33      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 51,512 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
93050 Other service activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.56    14.73    63.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.57     7.63    38.84
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.22     5.64    25.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              68.27   159.04   304.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.65        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .55     1.03     1.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,440.2 36,861.8 54,174.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.6 18,062.5 24,493.5
                                                          9                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  23,586.9 34,835.7 86,283.0
                                                          6        1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  69.44     47.7       25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  79
=
Year -1  81
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  99
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                -1.9     -3.48         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.33     -0.61         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -1.9     -3.48         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -9.07    -19.01         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            3.64      3.22         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                     -2026.07  -2189.93         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.11      0.14      0.27
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.11      0.14      0.27
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.17      0.18      0.16
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -2252.95  -5565.47         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               24,841.7 29,269.87         -
                                                       5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          118,770. 160,144.8         -
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         681,647 908,257.5         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100       100         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            -9.07    -19.01         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         -2252.95  -5565.47         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                              4,140.29  3,658.73         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       113,607. 113,532.2         -
                                                       8
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,375,409

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Nyman Libson Paul

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday

Agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 537 words


Regional planning panel receives grant A $90,000 grant has been awarded to the
Southwestern Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission from the federal Department
of Agriculture. The commission will use the Rural Business Enterprise Grant,
along with partner agencies in Illinois and Iowa, to improve local food
opportunities in the tri-state region. The two-year effort will target
agricultural strengths and regional opportunities and recommend a unified
network of processing, storage and distribution facilities in the area.

By local foods, it means buying from local producers and growers who are known
directly, as opposed to buying imported products from outside the region or
country, that consumers would find at the grocery store. The Southwestern
Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission was one of 39 regions across the nation
to receive a Rural Business Opportunity Grant. Grant County Fair steer weigh-in
slated LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County Fair steer weigh-in will be held later
this month. All exhibitors selling beef and dairy steers at the 2012 Grant
County Fair must have their steers weighed and identified from noon to 2 p.m.,
on Tuesday, Dec. 27, at the Grant County Fairgrounds. All exhibitors must bring
their premise identification number with them to record on the Grant County 4-H
and FFA Steer Identification form. Any locations that contain or host livestock
are required by the state of Wisconsin to have a Premise ID. Exhibitors
interested in identifying for the Wisconsin State Fair must contact the
Wisconsin State Fair website at www.wistatefair.com. For additional information
or to help with the steer weigh-in, contact the Grant County Extension Office at
608-723-2125. FSA approval required for some trails The Grant County, Wis., Farm
Service Agency reminds landowners that snowmobile trails must be approved by the
agency before being permitted on Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acreage. The
local FSA county committee determines whether snowmobile trails are allowed to
cross acreage enrolled in CRP. If Grant County producers have questions about
this issue, they should contact the Farm Service Agency office in Lancaster at
608-723-7697, ext. 2. Agency: Branded Program beneficial MADISON, Wis. - If a
company has been debating marketing its products internationally and just didn't
know the best time, this may be it. The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,
Trade and Consumer Protection encourages companies to apply now for the Branded
Program, which helps small- and medium-sized food and agricultural businesses
sell internationally through reimbursement of costs. "During the first three
quarters of 2011, Wisconsin exported $2.1 billion worth of agricultural
products, a 24 percent increase over the same period last year and a record
value," said Jen Pino-Gallagher, leader of DATCP's International Trade Team. She
added that the Branded Program offers companies an opportunity to increase their
sales in the international marketplace by receiving 50 percent reimbursement on
eligible marketing and promotional activities. For more information on the
Branded Program or other services available, contact DATCP's International Trade
Team at 800-462-5237. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: MDA Value Added Grant application opens today

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is now accepting applications for
Value Added Grants. $1 million is available for equipment purchases or physical
improvements through the Agricultural Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI)
Program.


 In previous Value Added AGRI Grant rounds, a variety of businesses have
received funding, including meat processors, creameries, wineries, processing
facilities, farm co-ops, and food and feed manufacturers.
 Value Added AGRI Grants have had significant impact for businesses like Apple
Jack Orchards. General manager Kit Dekarski used grant funds to purchase a
commercial convection oven, hood, and exhaust system, which allows the orchard
to make all of their apple bakery products on the farm.
 "The Value Added Grant Program has been an important partner for us," said
Dekarski. "We have more than doubled our apple bakery sales since our
participation in the program."
 This competitive grant process will fund projects that increase the sales,
diversify the markets, or improve food safety of value-added Minnesota
agricultural products. Producers and handlers that increase the value of
agricultural products through processing or manufacturing may be eligible.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: September 26, 2012

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1270  words


Williams signs agreement

TULSA - Williams has signed a new long-term gas processing agreement with a
producer in the Canadian oil sands.

Williams will extract, transport, fractionate, own and market the natural gas
liquids and olefins recovered from the offgas at the oil sands producer's
upgrader near Fort McMurray, Alberta. The NGL and olefins recovered are expected
to total 12,000 barrels per day by mid-2015 and increase to 15,000 barrels per
day by 2018.

The NGL-olefins mixture will be fractionated at Williams' Redwater facilities
into an ethane-ethylene mix, propane, polymer grade propylene, normal butane, an
alkylation feed and condensate. The ethane price risk associated with the
agreement is mitigated via the previously announced long-term agreement to
supply Nova Chemicals Corp. with up to 17,000 barrels per day of ethane and
ethylene.

The propane recovered will be sold into the local propane market and would
potentially be used as feedstock at Williams' proposed propane dehydrogenation
facility in Canada. The other products will be sold into markets where
Tulsa-based Williams sells existing NGLs and olefins produced in Canada.

"This new agreement will build on the unique expertise and large-scale
infrastructure we've built in Canada," said David Chappell, president of
Williams Energy Canada. "The scale that we are building here - with
fractionation, distribution and storage - gives us the ability to generate
significant long-term incremental value from our operations.

"The new operations will also further reduce greenhouse gas and sulphur dioxide
emissions from the upgraders' oil sands operations, and produce valuable
commodities that were previously being burned," Chappell said.

To support the new agreement, Williams plans to build a new liquids extraction
plant and supporting facilities at the oil sands producer's upgrader. It also
plans to build an extension of its Boreal Pipeline that will enable
transportation of the NGL-olefins mixture to its expanded Redwater facility
outside of Edmonton. - Staff report

OU selected for EPA award

NORMAN - The University of Oklahoma is one of four organizations nationwide to
be selected as a Green Power Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency.

Officials from the EPA presented the Green Power Leadership Awards at an event
held in conjunction with the 2012 Renewable Energy Markets Conference in
Washington, D.C.

The university is purchasing more than 97 million kilowatt-hours of green power
annually. - Staff report

TCC part of group receiving grant

TULSA - Tulsa Community College is part of a consortium receiving a nearly $15
million federal grant to establish an aerospace certificate program.

The grant was presented through the U.S. Department of Labor.

Receiving this grant was the result of collaborative effort that included the
Tulsa Metro Chamber, Tulsa Community College, Tulsa Technology Center, Workforce
Tulsa, the Oklahoma Aerospace and Defense Alliance and the Oklahoma Department
of Commerce, said Denise Reid, director of talent strategies and recruitment for
the Tulsa Metro Chamber. - Staff report

Women's health event set

OKLAHOMA CITY - OU Medicine will host a Ladies' Night Out health event from 5:30
p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Oct. 4 at Red Prime Steak, 504 N. Broadway Ave., Oklahoma
City.

The event will feature 13 physicians and a dietitian, who will be available for
one-to-one discussions with participants. Appetizers and beverages will be
available throughout the event.

Participating providers and their topics include Tauseef Ali, digestive
diseases; Pamela Allen, aging skin; Amanda Bogie, keeping your kids out of the
ER; Ashley Bowen, stone and pelvic diseases; Audra Fox, alternative medicine;
Betsy Jett, breast health; Zee Khan, back pain; Hamilton Le, weight loss and
gallbladder surgery; Landon Lorenz, reproductive and gynecologic health; Fran
Olsen-Sharp, eating healthy; Shubham Pant, developments in cancer treatment;
Bryan Potthoff, exercise and fitness; Kamal Sawan, plastic and cosmetic surgery;
and Ivan Wayne, facial plastic and reconstructive surgery.

No formal presentations are scheduled, and no examinations or diagnoses will be
made throughout the event. The providers will be set up at small tables for the
one-to-one discussions.

There is no cost to participate in this event. Reservations are recommended.
Registration information is at www.oumedicine.com/ladiesnight.

- Staff report

Small business workshop set

STILLWATER - A small business workshop, "Money Smart for Small Business - A
Financial Education Program," is scheduled from 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 a.m. Tuesday
at the Wes Watkins Center in Stillwater.

The conference is sponsored by the Wes Watkins Center for International Trade
and Development, the Oklahoma Small Business Development Center, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. and the U.S. Small Business Administration.

The event is free. Preregistration is required. Call (405) 744-4272 to register.

The instructor for the workshop will be Tim Jeffcoat, deputy district director
of the U.S. Small Business Administration in Oklahoma.

- Staff report

Job fair set at OCCC

OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma City Community College Fall Job Fair is scheduled
Wednesday in the Student Union.

Nearly 100 employers are expected to participate again this semester.

Individuals seeking general employment should attend the fair anytime between 10
a.m. and 2 p.m. Those seeking employment in health professions should attend
between noon and 6 p.m.

For information, call the OCCC Student Employment and Career Services office at
(405) 682-7519.

- Staff report

Transportation demonstration set

OKLAHOMA CITY - Transportation technology developed in Oklahoma will be featured
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Oct. 4 at the ODOT-OkTC Transportation Research Day in the
Oklahoma Department of Transportation Commission Room, 200 NE 21st St. in
Oklahoma City.

The event is designed for professionals, students in the transportation
industry, engineers, government representatives and contractors. Registration is
required. Registration information is at 2012odotoktcresearchday.eventbrite.com.

Speakers will include Kevin D. Hall, professor and head of the Department of
Civil Engineering at the University of Arkansas. - Staff report

Rose State offers career expo

MIDWEST CITY - Rose State College's Career Services will present a career expo
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 4 in the Student Center.

More than 25 employers are expected to participate.

For information, call (405) 733-7488.

- Staff report

Career fair set at ECU

ADA - East Central University's fall career, internship and graduate career fair
is scheduled from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday in the Bill S. Cole University
Center on the ECU campus in Ada.

More than 100 employers are expected to participate.

For information, call Shawna Jackson, ECU career fair director, at (580)
559-5890. - Staff report

Business forum set

LAWTON - Cameron University's Bill W. Burgess Jr. Business Research Center will
present "Challenges and Opportunities for the Indian Economy," a business forum
on the economy of India, from 11 a.m. to noon Oct. 5 in the School of Business.

The forum is open to the public at no cost.

Amit Gupta, associate professor in the Department of International Security
Studies at the U.S. Air Force's Air War College in Montgomery, Ala., will be the
speaker. After Gupta's presentation, he will be joined by Arun Tilak, director,
Center for Emerging Technology and Entrepreneurial Studies, and Ankur Nandedkar,
assistant professor of management, Cameron University, for a panel discussion.

For information, call Syed Ahmed at (580) 581-2430. - Staff report

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                         July 10, 1995 - July 16, 1995

GRANT LEARNS FAMILY VALUES IN NINE; NINE MONTHS

BYLINE: Todd McCarthy

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 1118 words


A 20th Century Fox release of a 1492 picture. Produced by Anne Francois, Chris
Columbus, Mark Radcliffe, Michael Barnathan. Executive producers, Joan Bradshaw,
Christopher Lambert.

Directed, written by Chris Columbus, based on the film "Neuf Mois," written and
directed by Patrick Braoude. Camera (Deluxe color, Panavision widescreen),
Donald McAlpine; editor, Raja Gosnell; film editor, Stephen Rivkin; music, Hans
Zimmer; production design, Angelo P. Graham; art direction, W. Steven Graham;
Garrett Lewis; set design, Richard Berger, Steve Saklad; costume design, Jay
Hurley; sound (Dolby SR), Nelson Stoll; associate producer, Paula DuPre'Pesmen;
assistant director, Geoff Hansen; casting, Janet Hirshenson, Jane Jenkins.
Reviewed at UA Westwood, L.A., July 6, 1995. MPAA Rating: PG-13. Running time:
102 MIN.

Samuel Faulkner ... Hugh Grant

Rebecca Taylor ... Julianne Moore

Marty Dwyer ... Tom Arnold

Gail Dwyer ... Joan Cusack

Sean Fletcher ... Jeff Goldblum

Dr. Kosevich ... Robin Williams

Truman ... Joey Simmrin

Shannon Dwyer ... Ashley Johnson

Lili ... Mia Cottet

"Nine Months" is an innocuously funny, audience-pleasing comedy with a giant
question mark hanging over it in the form of star Hugh Grant. Very much tailored
-- and marketed -- around the cuddly charm and boyish good looks of the British
actor who hit it big in "Four Weddings and a Funeral" and made unwanted
headlines just two weeks before the launch of his Hollywood screen debut, this
mainstream picture will be the butt of easy jokes before its release and no
doubt a few titters from audiences during the early scenes. But most likely bet
is that, for most viewers, the film's broad entertainment value will overtake
any morbid curiosity or derisive attitudes they may bring with them. Barring any
further unforeseeable developments, result should be bright summer B.O. for this
intermittently amusing, emotionally predictable Fox release.

It's true that the torrent of headlines, gossip and speculation about the Grant
case makes it impossible to watch the film in precisely the same frame of mind
that would have prevailed had the Hollywood hooker episode never happened.

There are a handful of lines and situations, and one scene in particular, that
will be endlessly cited and excerpted for their relevance to real life. But it
remains easy enough to see the film for what it is -- an exceedingly safe and
conventional Chris Columbus comedy, his first since the blockbuster "Mrs.
Doubtfire," that switches at will from laugh-making to heart-tugging.

Based on a French feature that was successful on its home turf but never made it
into U.S. release, Americanized version retains the same basic set of characters
but has veered away from the original's concentration on the comic physical side
effects of pregnancy as well as its critique of hospital conditions and medical
practice.

Grant stars as consummate yuppie Samuel Faulkner, a breezy young man who's got
it all -- red Porsche, San Francisco apartment with a bay view, thriving
practice as -- ha ha -- a child psychiatrist, and a lovely girlfriend of five
years, Rebecca Taylor (Julianne Moore).

When Rebecca announces that she's pregnant, Samuel runs his fancy car off the
road from the shock. The news also sends Grant rifling through his repertoire of
befuddled reactions, including much rapid eyelid fluttering, slight stammering
and panicked expressions camouflaged by polite smiles.

Unable to summon the nerve to tell his beloved he simply doesn't want the kid,
Samuel starts suffering from discarded-mate/praying mantis nightmares. Things
don't get much better when, at their first doctor visit, they draw a newly
arrived medic from Russia (a hilariously malaprop Robin Williams) who has
previously treated only animals, or when Rebecca's new moods force Samuel to
face the prospect of life without sex.

When Samuel's indifference and lack of commitment become too much for her,
Rebecca stomps out and moves in with her new best friend, Gail (Joan Cusack),
latter's boorish husband, Marty (Tom Arnold), and their three monster kids.

Left hanging, Samuel momentarily tries to revive his bachelor ways at the
encouragement of swinger pal Sean (Jeff Goldblum). But watching a video of his
sprout in utero makes Samuel feel like taking "What to Expect When You're
Expecting" to bed rather than a winsome blond babe, and he realizes it's time to
grow up and smell the diapers.

In the scene that could easily provoke some unwanted laughs, Grant's Samuel
comes groveling to a bedridden Rebecca to beg her forgiveness and try to win her
back. "I was a disgrace," he admits, adding, "You had every right to walk out on
me." (A police mug shot of Grant that appeared in the film's trailer to vast
audience amusement is nowhere to be seen in the finished film, nor is his
character ever arrested.)

Samuel more than makes amends, marrying the expectant mother and redecorating
the apartment before the blessed event. Pic degenerates with a ridiculous
slapstick race to the hospital, but rebounds with some delivery room farce in
which Williams' Russian doc reassumes center stage to bring his first babies
into the world.

Frantically calling for Anastasia instead of anesthesia and an enema instead of
an episiotomy, the madcap thesp has a field day putting a comic capper on the
film before the expected feel-good wrap-up. Some amusing end-credit real-life
snapshots of the pic's stars as toddlers will send auds out chuckling.

All the film's humor and sentiments play right into the most commonly held
"family values," so this will hardly be the ticket for anyone looking for
something edgy, sophisticated or hip. But heartlanders should eat it up,
provided they don't stay away due to the Grant controversy. If they do see the
film, actor's domestic acceptance will be confirmed and amplified by virtue of
his winning ways here.

Amply conveying his character's squirmy discomfort at the prospect of fatherhood
and his loss of freedom, Grant does lay on the mugging and facial contortions a
bit thick at times, but his debonair manner and appealing personality do a lot
to put the film over.

Moore is winsome and just serious enough as his well-matched mate, while
Goldblum, Arnold and Cusack supply effective shtick as combination sounding
boards and saviors for the pressured leading characters.

Action could be taking place down the block in San Francisco from where "Mrs.
Doubtfire" was set. City is used for its usual scenic value and upscale
ambience, and production values are sparkling down the line. Among the many
credited producers, Anne Francois produced and Christopher Lambert exec produced
the French original version.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Movies on the double;
The Singapore Film Commission is giving $500,000, double its funding, to
film-makers

BYLINE: john lui, film correspondent

SECTION: LIFE! - LIFE MOVIES

LENGTH: 1352 words


You would think that $250,000 is a windfall for an aspiring film-maker. But the
Singapore Film Commission's (SFC) New Feature Film Fund is doubling its handouts
for young film-makers.

In the second round of funding announced earlier this month, the commission says
that four film projects will be given funding of up to $500,000. The amount of
funding for each project has not yet been confirmed as details are still being
discussed, says a spokesman.

One condition of funding is that the film-maker has to give the SFC a cut of the
revenue earned by the film, essentially paying back the SFC's investment.

The four successful projects in the current round were selected from 46
applications. The awardees are the drama Endless Day directed by artist and
film-maker Ho Tzu Nyen; the comedy Get Meaty directed by indie feature favourite
Han Yew Kwang; the crime thriller Camera directed by documentarian James Leong;
and the romance-drama Causeway by newcomer Alson Ho.

They join the first batch of nine projects financed under the fund when the
scheme was first announced in 2008. Among the projects that will be released
this year is the dark comedy Forever, from writer-director Wee Li Lin.

A spokesman for the Media Development Authority (MDA), which oversees the SFC,
says that the reason NFFF funding is on a co-investment basis rather than a
grant is because the MDA's aim is 'to develop an industry that is sustainable in
the long term'.

Film-makers said the condition of repayment means that the SFC is effectively a
business partner, albeit one that is more willing to take a wager on new talent.

Chai Yee Wei is the writer-director of Blood Ties, a M18-rated horror-slasher
movie which received $250,000 in funding. His film was the first of the debut
batch to be screened in cinemas in September last year.?

He is grateful for the funding but notes that the money should be seen for what
it is.

'The SFC takes a stake in the film,' he says, and collects a percentage of the
film's earnings, the way any investor would.

His film, made for a modest $850,000, has earned $282,000 so far. There are
plans to release it in Malaysia in May.

While the fund does give a boost to young film-makers struggling to find funding
for their projects, film-makers also point out that the commercial demands of
the co-investment scheme could be a barrier for some.

Chai hopes that the SFC, an agency charged with helping to develop the
film-making industry in Singapore, can create a true feature film grant separate
from the New Feature Film Fund and its venture capitalist business model.

'We need a grant that looks at films as cultural assets,' he says.

Several national governments offer non-repayable feature film funding to
encourage a diversity of films.

The German federal government, for example,?awards a non-repayable grant to film
productions that use German resources. It is valued at up to  4 million (S $7.5
million).

But visiting associate professor at New York University's Tisch School of the
Arts Asia, Gillian Gordon, who teaches film producing, says the fund serves a
vital purpose, adding that investor repayment is a reality of the film business
that even new film-makers should learn to deal with.

'They should grow up. Film is a complicated business,' she says.

Tay Bee Pin is a producer of Causeway, a romance-drama with references to
Malaysia-Singapore cultural and political relations. His Wormwood Films
production house is teaming with director Alson Ho, a veteran of MediaCorp and
other production companies, for Ho's feature debut.

Tay is well aware of the SFC's status as business partner and grateful that the
SFC is willing to step in to help new film-makers when the private sector will
not.

'It is not easy to get a private investor to place a bet on you when you don't
have a well-known cast,' he says.

Producer Gary Goh of local production house Zhao Wei Pictures says that grants
also have their drawbacks, chief of which is that they tend to be smaller in
value than investment funding.

He has been to the Pusan International Film Festival, where he once
unsuccessfully tried to apply for a grant called the Pusan Promotion Plan. The
largest grant there is US $10,000 (S $18,900) per project.

Goh produced writer-director Boo Junfeng's drama Sandcastle, which received
$250,000 under the first round of the fund in 2008 and will be released later
this year.

Like the other film-makers Life! spoke to, Boo appreciated the hands-off
attitude of the SFC which allowed him to have full creative control of the
project.

For the cinema-goer, this means that films created under the fund are more or
less the vision of the film-maker, he says.

In a statement issued earlier this month about the NFFF, the MDA says it is
interested in taking the films to an overseas audience.

Dr Christopher Chia, MDA's chief executive officer, says: 'We believe that our
film-makers are now ready for the next step in film-making, creating
commercially viable content for both the local and international mainstream
audience.'

An MDA spokesman further explains that a reason for the increased size of the
award this year is 'to encourage projects with higher overall production values
which stand the best chance of being able to travel internationally'.

A spokesman provided a list of what the fund evaluation panel investigates when
choosing a project.

Potential earnings, here and abroad, are among the values they weigh. The other
points the panel takes note of are the quality of the script, composition of the
proposed production team, the proposed director and principal cast. ?The track
record of the applicant is also considered.

Causeway's Tay thinks that a commercial outlook is not a problem. He says that a
film that makes money ensures that there will be more movies made, a view that
is in sync with the MDA's own policy.

'We are on the same page,' he says.

James Leong is director of Camera, a crime thriller that is among the new batch
of four fund recipients. Camera is his first fiction feature.

While aware of the strings attached to the award, he notes that the SFC have
been 'incredibly supportive' of his project based on meetings he has had with
them.

He is the maker of several acclaimed documentaries with Lynn Lee, his partner in
production house Lianain Films.

The MDA fund will form only part of his expected budget for Camera, which could
cost up to $1 million to make.

In his dealings with the SFC, he says he did not feel any pressure to make a
commercial film. Just as well, he says, as he thinks his script already has
commercial appeal.

Sandcastle's Boo felt that it is possible to judge the earning potential of a
film.

Executive producers, for example, make that call daily when they decide if what
they are working on has arthouse or mass release potential, then plan
accordingly.

But he also says that there could be a refinement of the funding system, so that
films with mass market appeal can be funded separately from those which have
cultural merit but may never be profitable.

'For example, the MDA can fund commercial films. The SFC are about promoting
film as an art form, so they can support arthouse and festival films,' he says.

Writer-director T.T. Dhavamanni's social drama 24 Hours Of Anger, which was
funded in the 2008 round, will open in cinemas on April 8 and is the first
Tamil-language film funded under the scheme.

The stage and TV veteran thinks that mass-market commercial appeal is not just
hard for funding approval panels to identify, but also difficult for an
applicant to prove.

He wonders how one can make an investor pitch for the commercial appeal of a
serious Tamil feature made in Singapore.

'I could say to them that my film can do as well in Malaysia as Jack Neo's. But
I can't use his films as an example. If I did that, it wouldn't be truthful,' he
says.

johnlui@sph.com.sg

'I could say to them that my film can do as well in Malaysia as Jack Neo's. But
I can't use his films as an example. If I did that, it wouldn't be truthful.'

Writer-director T.T Dhavamanni, on how one can make an investor pitch for the
commercial appeal of a serious Tamil feature made in Singapore.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Local makers down on the bio;
Newsfeature - BIOFUELS

BYLINE: Mathew Murphy

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1068 words


Producers fear for future unless they can play on a level field, writes Mathew
Murphy. AUSTRALIAN biodiesel producers are on their knees, says Chris Attwood.
The Biodiesel Producers general manager believes that unless the Gillard
government acts soon, the local industry could be replaced by cheaper, and
highly subsidised, fuel from the US. Several factors give rise to his fears.

The first is a US government subsidy to producers of biodiesel, which is
commonly created from used cooking oil and tallow and sold as a cleaner
alternative to petrol. Up until December, a subsidy of $US1 a gallon - about
30Â¢ a litre - was offered for biodiesel destined for domestic and international
markets. Legislation to extend the subsidy, which would be retroactive to
January 1 this year, is before the US Senate and is widely expected to be passed
in some form. At the same time the Australian government offers a cleaner fuel
grant of slightly more than 38Â¢ a litre to local producers and importers. That
grant expires at the end of this financial year. This has resulted in US
exporters dumping tens of millions of litres of biodiesel into Australia.
Although the US subsidy is not being offered just now, a lot of biodiesel
already produced under the regime is heading to Australia. Importers are also
hedging their bets on the US Senate extending the subsidy and applying it
retroactively for the biodiesel industry, a segment of the US economy worth
$US71 billion ($A84 billion) and predicted to grow to $US247 billion by 2020.
The Biofuels Association of Australia says 20 million litres of US biodiesel has
entered Australia so far. It says another two orders of 25 million litres each
are on the way. For a market that supplies about 100 million litres a year in
Australia, and is reported to be a multibillion-dollar industry, it has taken
its toll, with Australian production more than halved in some instances. After
the benefits offered by both countries, US suppliers can sell biodiesel into
Australia at between 70Â¢ and 80Â¢ a litre. Local counterparts cannot discount
prices below $1 to $1.10 a litre, which means tight profit margins. How to
overcome the dumping of US biodiesel has been dubbed the "splash and dash"
conundrum. "We have been lucky that none of the oil majors like Caltex or BP
have been buying the cheaper product," Attwood says. "I think that is because
there is a sovereign-risk issue here because, if in three years, if none of the
Australian biodiesel producers exist and have been priced out of the business,
then you are relying on the US to continue this subsidy. "It feels like we are
being dudded by the US, which is one thing, but why should the cleaner fuels
grant support overseas aspirations? I think a domestic industry . . . should be
supported by the domestic government. "The cleaner fuels grant is about getting
cleaner fuels, but when they are here and being pushed out by international
products, then something is wrong. We are happy to stand on our own two feet and
compete internationally, but we need to have a level playing field." Last year
the European Union slapped an additional tax on importers bringing in cheaper US
biodiesel. The EU's view is that it is unfair for the US to entice other
countries to buy its biodiesel through subsidies when it bans such products with
similar subsidies entering the US. With the EU action in mind, Attwood lodged a
complaint with the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service to defend
his business and that of the relatively small industry in Australia, which has
just four producers. Australian Renewable Fuels has a plant at Picton in Western
Australia and Largs Bay in South Australia; Biomax, owned by Smorgon Fuels, is
at Laverton; Biodiesel Industries is at Rutherford in the Hunter Valley, in New
South Wales; and Biodiesel Producers is based in Barnawartha, in Victoria. The
government released a report last month ordering a full investigation after
finding that the impact on Biodiesel Producers was "not negligible" and said
"given the company represents between 60 and 70 per cent of the Australian
[biodiesel] manufacturing industry, it is reasonable to conclude that the
Australian industry has suffered as a whole". Biofuels Association of Australia
chief executive Heather Brodie says that despite the concession it will take 60
days before the government can give a preliminary opinion and November 24 before
the investigation result reaches Resources Minister Martin Ferguson. "In the
meantime, though, there is a very good chance we are not going to have the local
industry because this has been going on for several years and it has got
considerably worse since the end of last year," she says. "Importers are
bringing the product in for about 72Â¢ a litre, whereas we are buying feedstock
for about 92Â¢ a litre. There is only so long that you can wear that."
Australian Renewable Fuels managing director Tom Engelsman says his production
of biodiesel has slowed considerably over the past two months. "Importers are
obviously aware that there is this process in place and I think they have been
accelerating what they have been bringing in to make hay while the sun shines,"
he says. "If the decision comes down in November and isn't retroactive, people
will continue to bring in cheaper fuel." Treasury documents show that while the
number of claims under the cleaner fuels grant scheme fell 25 per cent from
2007-08 to 2008-09, the value of payments increased 72 per cent. This suggests
the importers are putting in a single claim for millions of litres of biodiesel.
Brodie says it is highly feasible that Customs could take retroactive action
imposing duties from the date of the initial action. In 2003, former prime
minister John Howard took swift, albeit controversial, action to help the
ethanol industry fend off competition from imports. Attwood believes the
treatment of ethanol highlights the battle being fought by Australian biodiesel
producers. "Ethanol plays by a different set of rules," he says. "It has to be
Australian manufactured product from Australian materials. If you import
ethanol, you can have no claim on the cleaner fuels grant. Now ethanol is to
petrol what biodiesel is to diesel. I can't see the difference." Meanwhile,
Attwood says, his Barnawartha plant is idling. "Hopefully we will still be here
when they get around to making a decision," he says.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE GRAPHS: AUSTRALIAN MARKET; AUSTRALIAN SALES; AUSTRALIAN MARKET
SHARE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          September 14, 2004, Tuesday

FARMERS' MARKETS DRIVE IS AGREED

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 242 words


A FIVE-year drive to develop the network of Farmers' Markets has been agreed by
the European Commission.

The Welsh Development Agency has received EC approval a support the markets and
a new body, Farmers' Markets in Wales, will be set up to do the work.

WDA agri-food support manager Jonathan Park said the EC had approved aid through
an umbrella body, which would take the form of a producer group.

'We have worked with the Wales Co-operative Centre and other interested parties
to set up Farmers' Markets in Wales Ltd, which will operate as the producer
group and take on the task of developing the network.' said Mr Park.

'This state aid notification from Europe allows us to develop farmers' market
activities using Welsh Assembly Government and WDA funds.'

Farmers' markets are seen as a core area of activity by the WDA. They provide a
platform for producers to sell their products directly to consumers, and also to
develop themselves as businesses by adding value to primary agricultural
products.

The WDA has a tradition of providing grants to help develop farmers' markets.

'But we have found that markets have been securing public funds from various
bodies, leading to the growth of some markets at the expense of others,' said Mr
Park.

'By introducing a flat grant aid structure through FMIW, we hope to overcome
this problem and allow existing and new markets to become sustainable in the
long term.'

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2004 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      July 26, 2016 Tuesday 12:20 PM  EST

LINKAGE BETWEEN FARMERS AND INDUSTRY

LENGTH: 641  words


NEW DELHI, July 26 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

To successfully deal with a range of challenges that confront farmers today,
especially the constraints imposed by the small size of holdings of small and
marginal farmers, member based Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) offer a
proven pathway in overcoming these problems. FPO members are able to leverage
collective strength and bargaining power to access financial and non-financial
inputs and services and appropriate technologies, reduce transaction costs, tap
high value markets and enter into partnerships with private entities on more
equitable terms. FPOs are promoted through various Central Sector Schemes
operated in the States by the Government.

Further, in order to integrate the food processing industries with farmers, the
Government has requested the States/Union Territories (UTs) to amend their
marketing regulations to promote direct purchase of agricultural produce from
farmers by processors at their farm gate. On consistence pursuance by the
Government, so far 23 States/UTs have amended their Agricultural Produce Market
Committee (APMC) Act to provide the direct purchase from farmers' at their farm
gate.

Under Central Sector Scheme of Cold Chain, Value Addition and Preservation
Infrastructure, the Government is providing financial assistance in the form of
grant-in-aid of maximum Rs. 10 Crore per project for setting up of integrated
cold chain and preservation infrastructure facilities without any break from the
farm gate to the consumer. The integrated cold chain and preservation
infrastructure can be set up by individuals, group of entrepreneurs, cooperative
societies, Self Help Groups (SHGs), Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs), NGOs,
Central/State PSUs, etc.

Further, the scheme of Mega Food Park aims to create modern infrastructure for
food processing and to provide a mechanism to bring together farmers, processors
and retailers and link agricultural production to the market so as to ensure
maximizing value addition, minimizing wastages, increasing farmers' income and
creating employment opportunities especially in rural areas. Government has
sanctioned 42 Mega Food Parks for setting up in the Country.

The Government is providing funds to State Governments under several Central
Sector Schemes like Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY), Mission for Integrated
Development of Horticulture (MIDH) and National Food Security Mission (NFSM)
with provision for promotion of FPOs. Since 2011-12, 694 FPOs have been promoted
by Small Farmers Agribusiness Consortium (SFAC), the nodal agency identified for
the purpose. Out of 694 FPOs, 515 FPOs have already been registered. State-wise
details are given below in table. A large number of these FPOs after
registration have been engaged in market transactions both for inputs and
outputs. They are also successful in raising institutional credit for crop
promotion, storage and processing operation.

The Government has created a Price Stabilization Fund (PSF) with an initial
corpus of Rs. 500 crore during year 2015-16 and Rs. 900 crore for year 2016-17
to support market interventions for price control of important agri-commodities
like onion, potatoes and pulses. The intervention is expected to regulate price
volatility through procurement by State Govt. and Central agencies of selected
produce, buffer stock, import and regulated release into the market.

STATE-WISE STATUS OF FPO PROMOTION AS ON 20.07.2016

* Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0)

This information was given by the Minister of State for Agriculture & Farmers
Welfare, Shri Parshottam Rupala today in Lok Sabha. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 24, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

More food, beverage mergers expected - report

BYLINE: ZEENAT MOORAD

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 515  words


More food, beverage mergers expected - report

Retail Correspondent

GRANT Thornton said yesterday it was positive about increased merger and
acquisition (M& A) activity in the food and beverage sector, as conditions seem
ripe for investors looking to expand.

& Much like global giant Walmart showing interest in SA's Massmart, we're
expecting more activity of this nature in the next few years,& said Steven
Kilfoil, finance director at the professional services firm Grant Thornton in
Johannesburg.

According to the company's International Business Report on the food and
beverage sector, 20% of businesses in this sector globally are investigating M&
A opportunities.

Locally, the food and beverage sector has proved to be very resilient and
defensive in the recent turbulent economic period, as consumers continued to
support this sector, both in the value and upmarket categories.

& The F& B (food and beverage) sector provides great opportunity for
consolidation and the African continent is brimming with possibilities for those
looking at new growth avenues,& Grant Thornton said.

According to the African Development Bank, in 2060 there will be 1,1-billion
Africans in the middle class - the growth that consumer goods companies are
hoping to tap into.

US-listed Kraft Foods last year said it would spend $150m on manufacturing in
Africa over three years as it uses its Cadbury brand to expand into emerging
markets.

In Africa, drinks giant Diageo has seen annual sales rise 15% over the last five
years. And the London-listed maker of Johnnie Walker whisky expects growth in
its biggest emerging market region to accelerate beyond this figure.

Meanwhile, the world's biggest food company Nestlé will invest $1,4bn by 2015 to
expand production capacity on the continent.

And it is not only global players that are eyeing Africa, local food producers
are expanding north too.

Earlier this month, Tiger Brands reached an agreement in principle with Dangote,
the West African manufacturing group, to buy 63,35% of the Nigerian flour and
pasta maker Dangote Flour Mills.

Last year it acquired 51% of the food and consumer interests of the East African
Group in Ethiopia and of biscuit manufacturer Deli Foods in Nigeria, and 49% of
UAC Foods, also in Nigeria.

Tiger Brands CEO Peter Matlare said the expansion into new markets, primarily in
the rest of the African continent, remains a key strategic thrust for the group,
both through acquisitions and exports.

According to Grant Thornton's report on M& A activity released in May, 46% of
SA's businesses looking to expand through acquisitions over the next three years
expect to do so through cross border transactions. & Local producers are hoping
to vertically integrate their supply chains from grower to final consumer in
order to overcome the projected scarcity concerns projected for the future and
remain competitive,& Grant Thornton said.

According to Mr Kilfoil, a number of South African food and beverage producers
are taking advantage of expansion opportunities on the continent to gain market
share in other African countries.

mooradz@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 24, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

More food, beverage mergers expected - report

BYLINE: ZEENAT MOORAD

SECTION: PRINT:PAGE

LENGTH: 515  words


More food, beverage mergers expected - report

Retail Correspondent

GRANT Thornton said yesterday it was positive about increased merger and
acquisition (M& A) activity in the food and beverage sector, as conditions seem
ripe for investors looking to expand.

& Much like global giant Walmart showing interest in SA's Massmart, we're
expecting more activity of this nature in the next few years,& said Steven
Kilfoil, finance director at the professional services firm Grant Thornton in
Johannesburg.

According to the company's International Business Report on the food and
beverage sector, 20% of businesses in this sector globally are investigating M&
A opportunities.

Locally, the food and beverage sector has proved to be very resilient and
defensive in the recent turbulent economic period, as consumers continued to
support this sector, both in the value and upmarket categories.

& The F& B (food and beverage) sector provides great opportunity for
consolidation and the African continent is brimming with possibilities for those
looking at new growth avenues,& Grant Thornton said.

According to the African Development Bank, in 2060 there will be 1,1-billion
Africans in the middle class - the growth that consumer goods companies are
hoping to tap into.

US-listed Kraft Foods last year said it would spend $150m on manufacturing in
Africa over three years as it uses its Cadbury brand to expand into emerging
markets.

In Africa, drinks giant Diageo has seen annual sales rise 15% over the last five
years. And the London-listed maker of Johnnie Walker whisky expects growth in
its biggest emerging market region to accelerate beyond this figure.

Meanwhile, the world's biggest food company Nestlé will invest $1,4bn by 2015 to
expand production capacity on the continent.

And it is not only global players that are eyeing Africa, local food producers
are expanding north too.

Earlier this month, Tiger Brands reached an agreement in principle with Dangote,
the West African manufacturing group, to buy 63,35% of the Nigerian flour and
pasta maker Dangote Flour Mills.

Last year it acquired 51% of the food and consumer interests of the East African
Group in Ethiopia and of biscuit manufacturer Deli Foods in Nigeria, and 49% of
UAC Foods, also in Nigeria.

Tiger Brands CEO Peter Matlare said the expansion into new markets, primarily in
the rest of the African continent, remains a key strategic thrust for the group,
both through acquisitions and exports.

According to Grant Thornton's report on M& A activity released in May, 46% of
SA's businesses looking to expand through acquisitions over the next three years
expect to do so through cross border transactions. & Local producers are hoping
to vertically integrate their supply chains from grower to final consumer in
order to overcome the projected scarcity concerns projected for the future and
remain competitive,& Grant Thornton said.

According to Mr Kilfoil, a number of South African food and beverage producers
are taking advantage of expansion opportunities on the continent to gain market
share in other African countries.

mooradz@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 24, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

More food, beverage mergers expected - report

BYLINE: ZEENAT MOORAD

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 515  words


More food, beverage mergers expected - report

Retail Correspondent

GRANT Thornton said yesterday it was positive about increased merger and
acquisition (M& A) activity in the food and beverage sector, as conditions seem
ripe for investors looking to expand.

& Much like global giant Walmart showing interest in SA's Massmart, we're
expecting more activity of this nature in the next few years,& said Steven
Kilfoil, finance director at the professional services firm Grant Thornton in
Johannesburg.

According to the company's International Business Report on the food and
beverage sector, 20% of businesses in this sector globally are investigating M&
A opportunities.

Locally, the food and beverage sector has proved to be very resilient and
defensive in the recent turbulent economic period, as consumers continued to
support this sector, both in the value and upmarket categories.

& The F& B (food and beverage) sector provides great opportunity for
consolidation and the African continent is brimming with possibilities for those
looking at new growth avenues,& Grant Thornton said.

According to the African Development Bank, in 2060 there will be 1,1-billion
Africans in the middle class - the growth that consumer goods companies are
hoping to tap into.

US-listed Kraft Foods last year said it would spend $150m on manufacturing in
Africa over three years as it uses its Cadbury brand to expand into emerging
markets.

In Africa, drinks giant Diageo has seen annual sales rise 15% over the last five
years. And the London-listed maker of Johnnie Walker whisky expects growth in
its biggest emerging market region to accelerate beyond this figure.

Meanwhile, the world's biggest food company Nestlé will invest $1,4bn by 2015 to
expand production capacity on the continent.

And it is not only global players that are eyeing Africa, local food producers
are expanding north too.

Earlier this month, Tiger Brands reached an agreement in principle with Dangote,
the West African manufacturing group, to buy 63,35% of the Nigerian flour and
pasta maker Dangote Flour Mills.

Last year it acquired 51% of the food and consumer interests of the East African
Group in Ethiopia and of biscuit manufacturer Deli Foods in Nigeria, and 49% of
UAC Foods, also in Nigeria.

Tiger Brands CEO Peter Matlare said the expansion into new markets, primarily in
the rest of the African continent, remains a key strategic thrust for the group,
both through acquisitions and exports.

According to Grant Thornton's report on M& A activity released in May, 46% of
SA's businesses looking to expand through acquisitions over the next three years
expect to do so through cross border transactions. & Local producers are hoping
to vertically integrate their supply chains from grower to final consumer in
order to overcome the projected scarcity concerns projected for the future and
remain competitive,& Grant Thornton said.

According to Mr Kilfoil, a number of South African food and beverage producers
are taking advantage of expansion opportunities on the continent to gain market
share in other African countries.

mooradz@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Australia's biodiesel industry in danger;
FUEL WARS

BYLINE: Mathew Murphy

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 940 words


Cheap, subsidised US imports threaten local producers, writes Mathew Murphy.
Australian biodiesel producers are on their knees, says Chris Attwood. The
general manager of Biodiesel Producers believes that unless the Gillard
government takes action soon the local industry could be replaced by cheaper
fuel from the US. There are several factors at play.

The first is a subsidy of $US1 per tonne (about 30Â¢ a litre) offered by the US
government to American producers of biodiesel, fuel commonly created from used
cooking oil and tallow and sold as a cleaner alternative to petrol. The subsidy
expired in December but the US Senate is expected to pass retroactive
legislation to extend it from January 1 this year to assist the $US71 billion
biodiesel industry, which is predicted to grow to $US247 billion by 2020. The
Biofuels Association of Australia says 20 million litres of US biodiesel has
come in to Australia so far, while it knows of another two orders of 25 million
litres each that are on the way. Such orders have taken their toll on the
Australian makers, who supply about 100 million litres a year and are reportedly
a multibillion-dollar industry, with Australian production more than halved in
some instances. The Australian government offers a cleaner fuel grant of about
38Â¢ a litre to local producers and to importers. That grant expires at the end
of this financial year. After the dual benefits are offered by both countries,
US suppliers can sell biodiesel at between 70Â¢ and 80Â¢ a litre into the
Australian market, while their local counterparts are unable to discount their
prices below $1 to $1.10 a litre. How to overcome the dumping of US biodiesel
has been dubbed the "splash and dash" conundrum. "We have been lucky that none
of the oil majors like Caltex or BP have been buying the cheaper product,"
Attwood says. "There is a sovereign risk issue here because if in three years'
time none of the Australian biodiesel producers exist and have been priced out
of the business, then you are relying on the US to continue this subsidy. We are
happy to stand on our own two feet and compete internationally but we need to
have a level playing field." Last year this issue prompted the European Union to
slap an additional tax on importers bringing in cheaper US biodiesel. The EU's
view was that it was unfair for the US to entice other countries to purchase its
biodiesel through subsidies when it bans such products with similar subsidies
coming through its borders. With the EU action in mind, Attwood lodged a
complaint with the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service to defend
his business and that of the relatively small industry in Australia. There are
just four biodiesel producers operating here: Australian Renewable Fuels has
plants in Picton in Western Australia and Largs Bay in South Australia, Biomax
is in Laverton in Victoria, Biodiesel Industries is at Rutherford in the Hunter
Valley and Biodiesel Producers is based in Barnawartha, Victoria. The government
released a report last month ordering a full investigation after finding that
the impact on Biodiesel Producers was "not negligible" and said " it is
reasonable to conclude that the Australian industry has suffered as a whole".
Heather Brodie, the chief executive of the Biofuels Association of Australia,
says it will take 60 days before the government can give a preliminary opinion
and November 24 before the investigation commissioned hits the desk of the
Minister for Resources, Martin Ferguson. She wonders if the industry can wait
that long. "Importers are bringing the product in for about 72Â¢ a litre,
whereas we are buying feedstock for about 92Â¢ a litre. There is only so long
that you can wear that." Tom Engelsman, the managing director of Australian
Renewable Fuels, says his production of biodiesel has slowed considerably over
the past two months. "Importers are obviously aware there is this process in
place and I think they have been accelerating what they have been bringing in to
make hay while the sun shines," he says. "If the decision comes down in November
and isn't retroactive in nature people will continue to bring cheaper fuel in."
Treasury documents show that while the number of claims under the cleaner fuels
grant scheme fell by 25 per cent from 2007-08 to 2008-09, the value of payments
rose by 72 per cent. That suggests the presence of importers that are putting in
a single claim for millions of litres of biodiesel. Brodie says it is highly
feasible that Customs could take retroactive action imposing duties from the
date of the initial action. In 2003 the then prime minister, John Howard, took
swift, albeit controversial, action to help the ethanol industry fend off
overseas competition. That decision was marred by political controversy given
that Dick Honan, chairman of Australia's dominant producer of ethanol, Manildra
Group, had provided substantial donations to the main political parties. Attwood
believes the treatment of ethanol highlights the battle being fought by
Australian biodiesel producers. "Ethanol plays by a different set of rules," he
says. "It has to be Australian manufactured product from Australian materials.
If you import ethanol you can have no claim on the cleaner fuels grant. Now
ethanol is to petrol what biodiesel is to diesel. I can't see the difference." A
spokeswoman for Ferguson says it would take longer to bring about changes to the
cleaner fuel grants scheme than it would to complete the investigation.
Meanwhile, Attwood says, his Barnawartha plant is idling: "Hopefully we will
still be here when they get around to making a decision."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: DRIVING THE MESSAGE HOME * SCALE FOR GRAPHS NOT PROVIDED.
SOURCE: AUSTRALIAN CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION SERVICE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 23, 2004 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


Art contest available for Iowa students

The Agriculture in the 1800s Art Contest is open for all Iowa high school
students.

The goal of the contest is to heighten students' interest in and knowledge of
Iowa agriculture.

Winners are awarded cash prizes and their work is displayed at the 2004 Iowa
State Fair in August.

To enter, students should submit either a painting, drawing or photograph
depicting Iowa agriculture in the 1800s.

Entries must be no smaller than 11 inches wide and 14 inches high and no larger
than 16 inches wide and 20 inches high to qualify. Each entry must include the
student's name, address, phone number, school name and grade level clearly
printed on the back of the entry.

Deadline is June 15.

Entries should be sent to: Art Contest, Iowa Department of Agriculture, Henry A.
Wallace Building, 502 E. 9th St., Des Moines, Iowa 50319.

Workshop scheduled on agricultural tourism

MAQUOKETA, Iowa - An Agricultural Tourism Workshop will be held from 1 to 3 p.m.
June 9 at Boylan farm, 3152 245th Street, Clinton County.  The farm is located
on Old Highway 30 two miles east of De Witt, on the north side of the highway.

The program for the workshop will be "Financial Resources and Potential Funding
Sources." Presenters will be Donna Boss, coordinator of the Delaware County
Value Added Agriculture Program, and Warren Johnson, coordinator of Limestone
Buffs Resource Conservation & Development.

Included in the meeting will be a tour of Boylan's rose production facility.

The workshop is free.

For more information, call Limestone Bluffs Resource Conservation & Development
at 563/652-5104 or Delaware County Value Added Agriculture at 563/927-4201.

Registration deadline for program nears

DES MOINES - Time is running out for producers who have not registered for the
2004 Direct and Counter-cyclical Program, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
safety net program for farmers.

To receive program payments and avoid late filing fees, producers must update
their contracts before June 1.

All producers, including owners and operators, sharing in the contact payments
for a farm must sign the new contract before the deadline.

Contracts submitted in person or postmarked after June 1 and before Sept. 30 may
be accepted at Farm Service Agency county offices. Producers will be assessed a
late filing fee of $$ @100 per farm, which also must be received by Sept. 30.

Producers should contact their county Farm Service Agency offices to schedule
appointments with staff members.

Scholarship awarded to teen from Colesburg

ELKADER, Iowa - A $$ @1,000 Iowa State Fair 4-H Scholarship recently was awarded
to Blair Lincoln, of Colesburg. The scholarship is sponsored by the Iowa
Foundation for Agriculture Advancement.

Lincoln, a member of the Mallory Minks 4-H Club, is the son of Jeff and Coleen
Lincoln. He has served as president, vice president, treasurer, recreational
leader and historian of his 4-H club. He also has served on the Clayton County
4-H Council and the County Extension Youth Committee. At the state level, he has
received recognition at the Iowa State Fair for numerous communication exhibits.

Lincoln is a senior at Edgewood-Colesburg High School. He plans to attend Iowa
State University to study agriculture business.

Tractor class slated to take place in Illinois

ELIZABETH, Ill. - The Stephenson County Extension will sponsor a tractor
certification class from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. June 8, 10 and 11. Cost is $$ @30.

Registration is due to the Stephenson County Extension office by June 4.

For more information, call Stephenson County Extension at 815/235-4125.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           December 19, 1995 Tuesday

De Crespigny backs chances of re-rating

BYLINE: By CLIVE MATHIESON

LENGTH: 502 words


Normandy Mining executive chairman Mr Robert de Crespigny has backed the
likelihood of a significant re-rating of Normandy shares following the group's
proposed merger next year. An anticipated re-rating of Normandy shares, by as
much as 20 per cent, is a key issue in the proposed merger of Normandy with its
three largest gold subsidiaries. According to last week's independent experts
report by Grant Samuel, a Normandy share price approaching $2.40 would still
represent sound value when benchmarked against the world's largest listed gold
producers. Normandy shares closed 2c firmer at $1.92 yesterday. Speaking from
Paris last night, Mr de Crespigny conceded Normandy's complicated group
structure had sapped value from the individual companies all of which would
benefit from the post-merger re-rating. Mr de Crespigny said every part of the
group "has suffered because of our structure and they are all going to
participate in that re-rating". And he said the simplified and enlarged group
structure would attract investment from global institutions who were currently
detered by Normandy's web of cross-shareholdings. "One thing that became very
clear in late September and October is that we were missing out on a lot of
people who invest in gold shares because of our group structure." Investor
confidence in the re-rating is essential in enticing shareholders of Gold Mines
of Kalgoorlie, North Flinders Mines and PosGold into the merger. It is
particularly important for "compensating" shareholders of Normandy the only
group company whose underlying value is not fully reflected in its stake in the
new company. "Grant Samuel believes that it is reasonable to expect that shares
in the merged company will trade in the range $2 to $2.10," the report said. At
these prices, the market value of the merged company would exceed the combined,
pre-announcement market capitalisation of Normandy, PosGold, GMK and NFM by 25
per cent. He said institutional investors throughout Australia and overseas had
universally endorsed the "concept of the merger" but with each group of
shareholders required to weigh up the individual benefits of joining the merged
entity. Attention The merger will create the world's eighth largest gold
producer with a capitalisation of more than $3 billion large enough to attract
significant attention from international funds. Grant Samuel has recommended
Normandy offer 157 new Normandy shares for every 100 shares of PosGold, 71
shares for every 100 GMK and 425 shares for every 100 NFM. NFM shareholders have
also been offered the choice of taking 300 Normandy shares and 100 Tanami
options a unique option over Normandy shares based on the further gold
discoveries within NFM's Tanami Desert tenements. Although reluctant to comment
on the specific merger terms, ahead of the Normandy board's independent review,
Mr de Crespigny praised Grant Samuel's 170-page report as "one of the most
professional pieces of writing I have read in my life".

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two
Territories Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency
Secretary Says Future Support Depends on Congressional Action on a New Food,
Farm and Jobs Bill

LENGTH: 955  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects. Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.

With today's announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million
in energy projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains
focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"As part of the Obama Administration's 'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA
continues to work with America's farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help
them save energy and improve their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and
others like it would not be available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and
again I urge members of Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington
next month."

REAP helps producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For
example:

The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system.
    Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded a $15,624 grant to make
lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four poultry houses.
    Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a $16,250 grant to
upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity from the farm's
waste stream.

Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture producers in 41 other states,
the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will also receive
funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in Stagecoach, Nev., will use a
$12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic system to provide power for
its farm and nursery. This project is expected to generate 13,000 kW of energy
annually.

Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a
$20,000 grant to install a 23 kW photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of
the farm's energy consumption.

Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide.

Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to 19 agricultural
producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies for renewable
energy systems. For example:

The Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive
a $6,739 grant to assess the feasibility of installing a small hydropower
generating plant at the Taylor Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate
4 megawatts of power.
    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a
$23,759 grant to determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt
gasification system to create electricity out of waste biomass.
    Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo., was selected to receive a $25,000
grant to help fund a feasibility study on building a 99 megawatt wind farm near
Lake Andes, S.D.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility
studies.

REAP offers financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements. These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for
businesses. REAP also helps the conservation of natural resources and the
development of new forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil
fuels and creates a stronger rural economy.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program grants and
loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 923  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more than $10 million have
been awarded to universities to support critical water problems in rural and
agricultural watersheds across the United States. The awards were made through
NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) Water for Agriculture
challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

Find a complete list of this year's project descriptions on the NIFA Website.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                                 June 28, 2012
                                 First Edition

Raise your glass to a spirited idea;
Luxury branding for the whisky market is at the centre of attention at
Strathclyde's exclusive MBA

BYLINE: STEPHEN HOARE

SECTION: EDUCATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 941 words


It features the world's best selling single malt whisky, a master blender, a
125-year-old family business and a group of Scotland's top academics.
Strathclyde Business School's specialist MBA, developed in partnership with
Glenfiddich distillers William Grant & Sons, puts Scottish luxury brands and its
most famous product centre stage.

Whisky is a booming worldwide industry and a key luxury brand in emerging
markets such as Asia, Latin America and Africa. A few weeks ago, international
drinks giant Diageo announced it was investing £1bn in boosting Scotch whisky
production. Pernod Ricard, the world's second-biggest drinks producer, followed
suit with a £40m shot in the arm to raise its Scotch whisky production by 25 per
cent.

Strathclyde is positioning itself as a supporter of high-end Scottish
businesses. William Grant employees make up around half the cohort of 25
students with the rest drawn from a range of organisations, including luxury
tweed producers Johnsons of Elgin, Dundee-based asset management company
Alliance Trust, health sector software developer Craneware, and the Prince's
Scottish Youth Business Trust.

"We call it the 'MBA 25' as that's the maximum number we admit to the
programme," says Strathclyde dean Susan Hart. "Our focus is on luxury, high-
value Scottish brands and companies with a clear global ambition."

Taught part-time over three years, MBA 25 has three distinctive new electives in
luxury brand marketing, entrepreneurship and family owned businesses, as well as
a focus on leadership and innovation. All were developed in association with
William Grant, which also assisted with scenarios and data for case studies. One
"live" case study is the recent market research that went into William Grant's
decision to export whisky to Brazil.

The idea kicked off when Charles Gordon, life president of William Grant and a
fourth generation member of the founding family, approached Scottish business
schools with a proposal to run a tailored MBA programme for the William Grant
Foundation. William Grant takes half of the places on the programme, but
sponsors a further four places for entrepreneurs and not-for-profit
organisations.

So why an MBA? William Grant saw that the best way of maximising price and
profits was by defining its product as a luxury item. Emerging economies are an
obvious growth area and, in a highly competitive global marketplace, William
Grant decided to boost expertise in supply chain management, marketing and
luxury brand management among the company's 54 senior managers. Strathclyde's
triple-accredited MBA and its background in tailored MBAs and executive
education secured its bid.

Broadening recruitment to attract senior managers from other high-profile
Scottish businesses gives William Grant a benchmark for its own performance. "A
William Grant only MBA would not have offered the same insights. Part of
learning is working alongside people who have high quality business experience,"
says Rosemary McGinness, group HR director at William Grant & Sons.

The programme was launched last September at a celebratory dinner given in
honour of Strathclyde academics, the first cohort of MBA students, sponsoring
companies including William Grant's own senior management. Held at Grant's
Dufftown distillery, the high point of the evening was the invitation to guests
to draw their own bottle of 15-year-old single malt from the cask.

"Brian Kinsman, the master blender of William Grant, is on the MBA programme and
having the opportunity of a whisky-tasting programme with him at the Dufftown
distillery is amazing," says Sandy Wilson, head of executive programmes at
Strathclyde.

With a £951m turnover, William Grant is Scotland's third-biggest whisky producer
and the company has been expanding in recent years through the acquisition of
drinks brands such as Sailor Jerry Rum, Hendrick's Gin and, most recently,
Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey. The group owns distribution companies in the USA,
China and Taiwan, as well as operating through a global network of joint
ventures. The company employs 1,600 people worldwide. Delegates on the first
cohort included Grant's general manager from China, its US operations director
and the global brand director for Sailor Jerry Rum.

Strathclyde's newest MBA has accordingly introduced an international dimension
with partnerships with the Stockholm School of Economics, where family-run
enterprise is taught, and Ca' Foscari University of Venice for sessions on the
Italian approach to luxury brand management. "We will learn about Murano Glass,
Ferrari cars, Italian furniture and fashion. But certainly we expect the
Italians to be keen to learn about Scottish luxury products, too," says Hart.

As befits a focus on luxury brands, admission to the MBA 25 programme is by
invitation only. "They could be supply chain partners of existing companies on
our programme, or people they want to work with. We will be looking at Scottish
knitwear, salmon farming and meat industry [sectors] for possible candidates
next time round," says Hart.

Blurring the boundaries between academia and executive education, Strathclyde
has a history of running tailored MBAs and postgraduate qualifications. It runs
a similar programme for the Weir Group, which has a strong focus on operational
excellence.

Added to this is an MSc in hospitality leadership for a consortium of Scottish
hoteliers and it is about to launch a tailored MBA for Spanish utility company
Iberdrola, the owners of Scottish Power, developed jointly with Icade in Madrid.
But, for sheer style and chutzpah, its hard to beat an MBA based around the
world's favourite after-dinner tipple.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XP


                      Copyright 2012 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   News & Standard (Coulee City, Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

Gateway Milling, Almira Receives USDA Grant;
Researches To Create Niche Market For Club Wheat Farmers

BYLINE: News & Standard staff

LENGTH: 502  words


An idea that spawned at the wedding reception of a local farm girl is gaining
momentum.The original idea was basic; to develop an opportunity that gives
Eastern Washington farmers more options to market their wheat. After months of
project development, a group of Almirafarm families and business partners have
found that the golden opportunity lies in the unknown and unpublicized values of
club wheat.The U. S. Department of Agriculture agrees it's an idea worth
pursuing.

Gateway Milling, LLC recently received a grant from the USDA to further explore
the potential of marketing club wheat flour domestically and internationally.

"We have worked diligently on this project for over a year," said Gateway
Milling team member and Almira farmer Todd Bodeau. "We have taken baby steps all
along the way to ensure that this can and will be a viable undertaking for all
involved."

The group was awarded a USDA Rural Development Value Added Producers Grant
(VAPG) matching fund of $99,425 for a total project cost of $198,850. The grant
will be used to develop a feasibility study and a business plan for the group's
goal of expanding the use of club wheat.The long-term plan may include building
a mid-level flour mill in the Almira area, depending on what the feasibility
study produces.

The Gateway Milling team, which includes area farmers and other investors, has
researched and networked with various industry representatives including Almira
Farmers Warehouse, foreign trade offices of Southeast Asia/Pacific Rim, grain
industry representatives, politicians and university research specialists.

"We are very excited about the team we have assembled," explained team member
Marv Clinesmith. "The group includes cereal chemists, the University of Idaho
and Washington State University Food Science Center, the Food Technology Center
of Caldwell, Idaho, pastry chefs, agronomists and business planning experts from
the grain industry."

More than 80 percent of Washington's wheat is exported. Club wheat (a subclass
of soft white wheat) has traditionally been exported as a blended wheat with
soft white. This blend is known as Western White wheat (80+ percent soft white
and 10 - 20 percent club).

What Gateway Milling hopes to develop hinges on a group of unpublicized but
important facts about club wheat. Milling of 100 percent club wheat is vastly
different than milling other classes of wheat. It produces consistent flour
quality regardless of swings in agronomic factors like protein, test weight and
moisture levels. When milled correctly, it also produces higher volumes of flour
more efficiently.

Club wheat isn't for all products. It has a very specific niche. It is a low
gluten wheat and producers flour that is excellent for delicately textured cakes
(sponge cakes), pancakes, cookies and spring roll "skins". Gateway Milling has
partnered with cereal chemists and baking experts who are able and willing to
train millers and bakers about the specialized process that 100 percent club
wheat flour requires.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CNS

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 News & Standard

                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two
Territories Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

LENGTH: 957  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects. Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.

With today's announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million
in energy projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains
focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"As part of the Obama Administration's 'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA
continues to work with America's farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help
them save energy and improve their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and
others like it would not be available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and
again I urge members of Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington
next month."

REAP helps producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For
example:

The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system.
    Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded a $15,624 grant to make
lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four poultry houses.
    Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a $16,250 grant to
upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity from the farm's
waste stream.

Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture producers in 41 other states,
the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will also receive
funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in Stagecoach, Nev., will use a
$12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic system to provide power for
its farm and nursery. This project is expected to generate 13,000 kW of energy
annually.

Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a
$20,000 grant to install a 23 kW photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of
the farm's energy consumption.

Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide.

Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to 19 agricultural
producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies for renewable
energy systems. For example:

The Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive
a $6,739 grant to assess the feasibility of installing a small hydropower
generating plant at the Taylor Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate
4 megawatts of power.
    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a
$23,759 grant to determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt
gasification system to create electricity out of waste biomass.
    Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo., was selected to receive a $25,000
grant to help fund a feasibility study on building a 99 megawatt wind farm near
Lake Andes, S.D.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility
studies.

REAP offers financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements. These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for
businesses. REAP also helps the conservation of natural resources and the
development of new forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil
fuels and creates a stronger rural economy.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program grants and
loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.


For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Illinois: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    The Stanthorpe Border Post (Queensland)

                                  June 4, 2015

Financial incentive for businesses to improve

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 284  words


Many local businesses and producers are looking to innovation within their own
businesses to create improved ways of production and competitiveness.

The Coles Nurture Fund and the government's R&D Tax Incentive scheme are two
ways new or improved product can be achieved.

Coles Nurture Fund is an exciting initiative that has been launched to assist
small to medium Australian producers, farmers and manufacturers to advance
innovation in their businesses.

Innovation means doing something in a new and different way that may create
value for business and customers. Innovation is one of the primary drivers of
competitiveness.

The Coles Nurture Fund seeks to support businesses that want to improve existing
services or products, create innovative ways of working and develop new systems
or processes and progress novel ideas that may result in significant
efficiencies or reducing the costs of doing business.

Eligible small to medium entities are invited to apply for a grant of funds or
interest-free loan.

To be eligible for consideration for the initial allocation of grants or
interest-free loans, Coles must receive a fully completed CNF application form
with attachments by 5pm AEST on Friday, June 12, either by email to
nurturefund@coles.com.au or posted.

R&D Tax Incentive

The R&D Tax Incentive reduces the cost and risk of undertaking research and
development activities for your business. The benefit helps companies doing
eligible work to create new or improved products, processes and services by
reducing their tax. The step-by-step guide is designed to give small and
medium-sized companies an overview of the R&D Tax Incentive program.

For more phone the Economic Development Unit on 46815527.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSB


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                           August 6, 1997, Wednesday

Adviser extracts additional $180m for QNI holders

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: BRYAN FRITH

SECTION: FULLPAGE, FINANCE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1631 words


IT seems clear that shareholders of nickel producer QNI have advisory group
Grant Samuel to thank for a $180 million improvement in their favour of the
terms of the proposed merger with the nickel division of Billiton Plc.

Billiton is the recently demerged non-precious metals offshoot of the South
African mining house, Gencor.

The proposed merger, which requires the approval of QNI shareholders, was
announced seven weeks ago. QNI was to issue at least 504.3 million shares and
probably up to 524.86 million shares, to acquire the nickel division. Billiton
would have emerged with 55 per cent, or 56 per cent assuming the additional
shares were issued.

As a further incentive, QNI holders would receive a tax-free capital return of
$260 million, or 28c a share.

Yesterday QNI disclosed that the terms had been revised; instead of 524.86
million shares, Billiton has agreed to take 445.8 million shares -a reduction of
69 million shares, or 13 per cent. As a result, Billiton's shareholding will be
reduced by 3.5 per cent to 52.5 per cent -but that is still outright control.

The likelihood that Billiton would sweeten the merger terms by a reduction in
the number of QNI shares issued as consideration was analysed in these columns
last week.

At Monday's QNI price of $2.50, when the revised terms were agreed upon, the
reduction in value is $172.5 million, from $1.312 billion to $1.14 billion.

Additionally, it has been agreed that the capital return will be maintained at
$260 million. Billiton will participate in the capital return but because it
will receive fewer shares, that boosts the amount of the capital return by 2c a
share to 30c.

Billiton's share of the capital return will reduce by $6.6 million, from $143.1
million to $136.5 million, taking the overall improvement for existing QNI
shareholders to just on $180 million.

Despite this, the initial market reaction was unfavourable. QNI's share price
closed 10c lower on sales of 1.97 million shares. At one stage the price was
down 18c to $2.32.

However, QNI maintains that institutional investors, many of which were unhappy
with the original terms, are responding positively to the revised terms. But it
almost certainly was not the opposition of institutional shareholders which
persuaded Billiton to accept less for the sale of its nickel division.

From the outset the proposal came under fire from institutional holders, which
argued that the offer terms favoured Billiton, and that the South African group
was getting a better price for the assets it would contribute than was QNI, and
would gain control without paying any control premium. But Billiton had remained
obdurate, asserting that an adjustment to any of the "key" terms agreed upon was
unlikely.

The change of heart can be attributed to Grant Samuel. Reading between the lines
of the advisory group's independent expert's report leads to the conclusion that
had Billiton not agreed to the revision, Grant Samuel would have concluded that
the terms were not fair and reasonable.

And had that happened, there's a fair-to-strong probability that QNI
shareholders would have ignored their directors' recommendation and rejected the
proposal.

Tucked away in the second last paragraph of Grant Samuel's 84-page report, under
the heading "Qualifications, declarations and consents", the advisory group
discloses that it provided a draft of its report to senior management and
directors of QNI and its financial and legal advisers, and that parts of the
draft were also provided to Billiton Nickel.

As a result, certain changes were made, but there were no alterations to the
methodology or valuations of QNI or Billiton Nickel.

However, says Grant Samuel, there was a subsequent revision to the terms
proposed for the acquisition of Billiton Nickel. "The change to the terms led to
changes in Grant Samuel's conclusions and advice to QNI shareholders". As Grant
Samuel has concluded that the revised terms are fair and reasonable, it's
logical to assume that it considered the original terms were not fair and
reasonable.

Further support for that conclusion is that Grant Samuel values Billiton Nickel
in the range of $1.003 billion to $1.209 billion (at a price of $2.40 to $2.50
for QNI shares), which is less than the $1.259 billion to $1.312 billion price
tag placed upon Billiton Nickel by the original merger terms.

In fact, it's $103 million to $256 million less; perhaps coincidentally, the
median point of those figures is $179.6 million, and that's exactly by how much
Billion has agreed to reduce its price tag.

This is at least the second occasion where, by digging in its heels, Grant
Samuel has forced parties to a reverse takeover to improve the terms for the
"target" shareholders. The previous occasion was the merger late last year of
Metway Bank with the Queensland Government-owned bodies, Suncorp and Queensland
Industry Development Corp. Metway issued shares to acquire the government bodies
and Metway shareholders could either retain their shares or take $4.80 cash a
share.

At the 11th hour the Queensland Government added sweeteners in the form of super
dividends for three years for existing Metway holders -made possible by the
Government foregoing much of its dividend entitlements -and offering a "loyalty
option", to enable Metway holders to take up one additional share for each two
held at December 1998 for a price of $5 a share.

Those sweeteners led to changes in Grant Samuel's conclusions and
recommendations. It seems clear that had they not been made Grant Samuel would
have concluded that the terms were not fair and reasonable and that would have
jeopardised the merger.

Billiton considers that factors have changed since the original offer terms were
announced which explain the revision. For a start, the exchange rate has moved
from 77.5c to the US dollar to around 74c (the rate used by Grant Samuel in its
valuation) which alone would add about $100 million to the value of QNI.

Billiton also took a negative view of a contingent tax liability resulting from
a tax office review, relating to QNI's tax depreciation deductions. QNI
estimates that the tax effect of the deductions total about $390 million, of
which $197 million has been recognised in the accounts.

To date, no assessments have been issued, but should the tax office successfully
challenge the deductions, QNI at worst could be required pay about $37 million,
plus interest and penalties, for the years to June 1997 and face a material
increase in its future tax liabilities.

It is understood that QNI gave Billiton an indemnity in relation to its
potential exposure in order to improve Billiton's valuation of QNI.

However, it remains that Billiton would have preferred to have obtained the
original consideration and to own 56 per cent of the combined group, rather than
52.5 per cent. Ultimately, it concluded that the benefits of the merger were too
important to jeopardise it by refusing to revise the terms and taking the risk
that an unfavourable report by Grant Samuel would persuade QNI holders to reject
the deal.

QNI and Billiton bring to the merger differing, but complementary, assets which
fit together neatly to create a balanced major new force in the nickel industry
the fourth largest producer in the world -with solid prospects for growth, which
are better for both parties than had they remained separate businesses.

QNI at present is not a miner, but a toll processor, treating imported ore at
its Yabulu refinery, near Townsville, to produce nickel and cobalt. It is a
relatively high cost nickel producer and relies on cobalt credits to reduce the
net cost of production, but the long-term forecasts for cobalt are for a sharp
drop in the price.

Moreover, in 2002, the world's largest nickel producer, Canada's Inco, is
scheduled to bring into production the world's largest nickel mine, at Voisey's
Bay, Canada, which is expected to drive down the cash cost of nickel production
and further disadvantage QNI were it to take no action.

Billiton's major asset is its 98.9 per cent ownership of the Cerro Matoso
lateritic nickel mine and smelter in Colombia, producing 30,000 tonnes per annum
of contained nickel in ferronickel form, with plans for an expansion to 55,000
tonnes a year by 2004 at a cost of $US240 million ($325 million).

A chart included by Grant Samuel, which shows the estimated free after-tax cash
flow of Yabulu and Cerro Matoso between 1998 and 2038, provides an insight into
the importance of Cerro Matoso to the future of the combined group, and the
sizzle in the sausage which putting the two operations together will achieve.

Yabulu's cash flow will be around $US80 million for the first few years, falling
to around $50 million and remaining at that level for 20 years or so.

By contrast, Cerro Matoso's cash flow rises to a peak of $US145 million around
2005. For about 10 of the 20 years it is between $US80 million and $US100
million, and is around $US80 million for eight years. These figures assume that
the expansion of production will take place.

The two operations combined will produce a free cash flow of more than $US200
million a year, which is a significant number. It is the reason that the board
and management of QNI and Billiton are confident that the merger will produce a
group which can pursue rapid growth, not only in terms of developing its
existing assets and funding a significant increase in exploration, but also with
the ability to expand by acquisition.

The merger should not be seen as an end game, but a starting point for further
expansion.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 6, 2012 Saturday

Grant goes to Garrett for culinary event, guide

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Oct. 06--OAKLAND -- The Garrett County Department of Economic Development
received more than $20,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, which was authorized in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The $20,120 grant will be used to increase public awareness of the culinary
heritage of the area, to develop a local foods guide and to host a culinary
heritage event similar to the Cast Iron Cook-Off at the Greenbrier in White
Sulphur Springs, W.Va., according to Cheryl DeBerry, natural resources business
specialist.

"I'm very excited to highlight the crops that grow very well in Garrett County.
We have a high quality of crops and plenty to harvest," said DeBerry. "We have a
wonderful berry produce that has been here for generations. There are a few
benefits to living in the mountains."

The grant must be used on noncommodity  foods and can't be spent on wild foods
like ramps, DeBerry said during a county commission meeting on Tuesday.
Specialty crops are defined as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, according to a news release from the USDA.

Nicole Christian, president and CEO of the Garrett County Chamber of Commerce,
indicated that there may be Heritage Area money available to help support the
local foods guide.

During the commission meeting, DeBerry said that she hoped the grant would help
local farmers, increase farm sales and get people interested in farming.

"There was a study out last year that said Appalachia was the most diverse
foodshed in the whole U.S.," said DeBerry during the commission meeting. "There
are over 15,000 indigenous plants that include edible fruits and vegetables. I
think we need to celebrate that."

This is the first time that the Department of Economic Development has gotten
this grant, said DeBerry, who noted she requested $22,500 when applying for the
grant.  The Maryland Department of Agriculture announced that $354,466 in grants
were funded in the state.

This will likely be the last of the Specialty Crop grant program, pending the
U.S. Congress passage of a new Farm Bill, according to a news release.

"The 2008 Farm Bill provided significant grant funding dedicated to specialty
crops to become available," said Agriculture Secretary Buddy Hance. "These funds
are a great opportunity to help farmers and value-added producers advance and
promote local specialty crops in the marketplace, spark new markets, job
creation and help keep Maryland smart, green and growing."

Of the USDA's $101 million in Specialty Crop grants, approximately $55 million
will be invested in 56 specialty grants to states that fund 748 initiatives
across the country to strengthen markets and expand economic opportunities for
local and regional producers, according to the news release.

An additional $46 million will go to support new and continuing research and
extension activities to address challenges and opportunities for growers and
businesses that rely on a sustainable, profitable specialty crops industry.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121006-UM-Grant-goes-to-Garrett-for-culinary-event-guide-1006-20121006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News

                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday

Pakistan: CSF to help set up Mango Packing House

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 18 -- As part of its initiative to support industrial
development through innovative methods, the Competitiveness Support Fund (CSF)
is poised to expand its 'matching grant' operations with new projects including
a Mango Packing House in Multan.According to a CSF announcement here on Tuesday,
the Mango Packing House, a joint effort of the CSF and Progressive Mango Growers
Group, will be set up for processing and packing of fresh mangoes, certified by
EurepGAP, for export to Europe and the US.According to the plan, a blast
chiller/cold storage facility will be established at the site where mangoes will
be treated to improve their quality and shelf life before being shipped.Pakistan
produces over 1.6 million tons of mangoes annually. Despite this, there is
currently no proper facility for washing, de-sapping, grading and removal of
field heat from mangoes.The Mango Packing House, the first of its kind in
Pakistan which will greatly help boost exports, will also be used for processing
of citrus and fresh vegetables other than mangoes in off-season.The purpose of
matching grant is to provide co-financing for a project which is innovative and
increases efficiency through lower cost, high output and better quality and
generates jobs.Currently, 10 projects are running countrywide.

The CSF's matching grant projects include Common Laboratory for Drug Formulation
in Nowshera, Common Facility Centre for Cutlery Polishing and Finishing in
Wazirabad, value addition in milk supply chain in Balochistan, based in Quetta,
Pishin and Kuchlak, Gems Processing Centre in Chitral, Common Facility Centre
for Marble Processing in Mohmand Agency, Solar Kilns for leading clusters of
furniture sector in Islamabad, Karachi, Chiniot, Gujarat and Lahore, Medicinal
Berries and Fruit Processing Unit in Ghizer (Northern Areas), Automotive
Simulation Design Training and Service Centre in Lahore, Meat Farm and Abattoir
in Pattoki and Mango Packing House in Multan.It is estimated that over 11,000
jobs will be generated through these projects, of which more than 6,000 for men
and about 5,000 for women. The CSF has invested $1.051 million in these
projects, which will bring in perceived new investment of $10.47 million.The
Nowshera Laboratory for Drug Formulation provides services to pharmaceutical
units for drug testing and quality control in compliance with good manufacturing
practices.The facility evaluates physical, chemical, biological,
micro-biological and trace metals in multi-vitamins and mineral drugs
preparation.The objective of the Wazirabad Common Facility Centre for Cutlery
Polishing and Finishing is to set up a modern tableware grinding and polishing
unit in order to increase efficiency in finishing process, increase sales to
major retailers and introduce its own brand in the local market.Similarly, the
project of value addition in milk supply chain in Balochistan is designed to
empower farmers by providing market access and support for setting up a high
quality milk supply chain.The Dairy Strategic Working Group (SWOG) in
Balochistan has proposed a project to link under-privileged producers, mainly
women, from rural areas of Kuchlak and Pishin.The objective is to create an
integrated cooperative structure which ensures farmer control through the value
chain of milk procurement, processing and marketing. It progressively links
producers with consumers, maximising farmer profit and productivity. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information
on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

Grant Maudsley will do us proud

BYLINE: Charles Burke, AgForce CEO

SECTION: AGFORC; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 535 words


AgForce Queensland is pleased to announce the election of our new general
president, third-generation beef producer Grant Maudsley from Mitchell.

He officially takes the reins from outgoing president Ian Burnett at the AgForce
AGM on November 25.

Mr Maudsley has been involved with AgForce for more than 10 years, most recently
as the Southern Inland Queensland president, but prior to that for one term as
AgForce Cattle president.

First-hand knowledge of primary production is something AgForce values highly,
and combined with his agri-political experience Mr Maudsley will

no doubt be an asset.

He has already indicated one of his main goals as general president will be to
drive well-resourced policy platforms for the betterment of the agriculture
industry, and promote policies that will deliver on-farm value to our members.

We are also very pleased to welcome our new vice-president Georgina Somerset and
Christine Rolfe, who retains her current role as vice-president/treasurer.

Ms Somerset, a cattle producer from Durong, has been the AgForce Durong branch
president since our organisation's inception, and the Queensland Rural, Regional
and Remote Women's Network president since 2007. She has pledged her commitment
to the industry and is looking forward to effectively representing the needs of
all AgForce members.

Ms Rolfe, a cattle producer from Springsure, has been the AgForce vice-
president/treasurer for the past four years and is currently the National
Farmers Federation (NFF) vice-president.

With her combined agri-political experience and grassroots knowledge

of primary production, Ms Rolfe aims to drive and lead innovation in the
Queensland broadacre industry.

Our AgForce commodity board elections have been held with new and established
representatives elected.

Beef grazier Anthony 'Bim' Struss from Mitchell has successfully contested the
role vacated by Howard Smith, as cattle president. Continuing in his role as
grains president, Wayne Newton from Dalby was elected unopposed.

Traprock woolgrower Sandy Smith will take over from Richard Pietsch in leading
the AgForce sheep and wool board.

Our newly elected representatives, along with those who have retained their
positions from last term, have a strong mix of expertise that will be
fundamental to policy development that accurately reflects the needs of our
members.

I would also like to acknowledge and thank our outgoing executive and
councillors, in particular the retiring general president Mr Burnett.

He has been a passionate and committed representative of AgForce

for more than a decade in senior roles.

AgForce is by far one of the strongest state farming organisations in the
country and much of this success can be attributed to the depth of knowledge and
expertise of our elected members.

We look forward to further building on this strength with the help of our new
state council and commodity boards as we advocate for the best possible outcomes
for Queensland's primary producers.

All new representatives begin duties after their respective AGMs over the coming
months. At the time of print, the full preferential count for regional positions
was pending. A certificate of election is available from the Electoral
Commission.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

Grant Maudsley will do us proud

BYLINE: Charles Burke, AgForce CEO

SECTION: AGFORC; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 535 words


AgForce Queensland is pleased to announce the election of our new general
president, third-generation beef producer Grant Maudsley from Mitchell.

He officially takes the reins from outgoing president Ian Burnett at the AgForce
AGM on November 25.

Mr Maudsley has been involved with AgForce for more than 10 years, most recently
as the Southern Inland Queensland president, but prior to that for one term as
AgForce Cattle president.

First-hand knowledge of primary production is something AgForce values highly,
and combined with his agri-political experience Mr Maudsley will

no doubt be an asset.

He has already indicated one of his main goals as general president will be to
drive well-resourced policy platforms for the betterment of the agriculture
industry, and promote policies that will deliver on-farm value to our members.

We are also very pleased to welcome our new vice-president Georgina Somerset and
Christine Rolfe, who retains her current role as vice-president/treasurer.

Ms Somerset, a cattle producer from Durong, has been the AgForce Durong branch
president since our organisation's inception, and the Queensland Rural, Regional
and Remote Women's Network president since 2007. She has pledged her commitment
to the industry and is looking forward to effectively representing the needs of
all AgForce members.

Ms Rolfe, a cattle producer from Springsure, has been the AgForce vice-
president/treasurer for the past four years and is currently the National
Farmers Federation (NFF) vice-president.

With her combined agri-political experience and grassroots knowledge

of primary production, Ms Rolfe aims to drive and lead innovation in the
Queensland broadacre industry.

Our AgForce commodity board elections have been held with new and established
representatives elected.

Beef grazier Anthony 'Bim' Struss from Mitchell has successfully contested the
role vacated by Howard Smith, as cattle president. Continuing in his role as
grains president, Wayne Newton from Dalby was elected unopposed.

Traprock woolgrower Sandy Smith will take over from Richard Pietsch in leading
the AgForce sheep and wool board.

Our newly elected representatives, along with those who have retained their
positions from last term, have a strong mix of expertise that will be
fundamental to policy development that accurately reflects the needs of our
members.

I would also like to acknowledge and thank our outgoing executive and
councillors, in particular the retiring general president Mr Burnett.

He has been a passionate and committed representative of AgForce

for more than a decade in senior roles.

AgForce is by far one of the strongest state farming organisations in the
country and much of this success can be attributed to the depth of knowledge and
expertise of our elected members.

We look forward to further building on this strength with the help of our new
state council and commodity boards as we advocate for the best possible outcomes
for Queensland's primary producers.

All new representatives begin duties after their respective AGMs over the coming
months. At the time of print, the full preferential count for regional positions
was pending. A certificate of election is available from the Electoral
Commission.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

Things heading south in Hollywood North?;
WHY PRODUCTION'S GOING SOUTH IN HOLLYWOOD NORTH

BYLINE: SUZANNE MA

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. R9

LENGTH: 495 words


Toronto, long known as Hollywood North, seems to be losing some of its appeal.

Seemingly slipping away are the hot summer days when hordes of American
producers made the pilgrimage to the city to shoot big-budget feature films and
TV series. "It's a flat summer in Toronto, there's no question about that,"
observes independent movie producer and director Julian Grant. Grant worked on
seven feature films in Toronto last year; this year he'll work on just four.

In all, Ontario is playing host this summer to seven feature films, five movies
of the week and seven TV series. Only three of those feature films are big U.S.
productions, one being Hairspray, starring John Travolta, which is set to start
shooting in August.

The scarcity of ongoing series, meanwhile, is especially unfortunate because
such shows provide regular, weekly work for film crews, actors and stunt
performers. "Dramatic and episodic programming is the bread and butter of the
craftspeople," notes Grant. "Unfortunately it's on a decline."

Donna Zuchlinski, director of film for the Ontario Media Development Corp.,
blames the high value of the loonie - and the concerted efforts of many U.S.
states to offer competitive tax credits - for Ontario's quiet summer. "It's hard
to compete," she says. "Toronto used to double for New York City or for Boston,
but with some states making things so competitive, most movies just decide to
remain there."

Zuchlinski insists Toronto is still in business this summer, but acknowledges
that most of the productions currently under way are independent U.S features
and low-budget TV series. She adds that the OMDC is working hard, with the help
of its Los Angeles office, to market the province "right on the ground in
Hollywood."

Still, some of those who work in the film business question whether enough is
being done. "A producer in L.A. was just telling me he's getting a better
discount at the dry cleaners than coming up to Canada to shoot," says
Toronto-based casting director Brian Levy of Powerhouse Casting Inc. Powerhouse
usually works on as many as eight projects each summer, but Levy says his
studios have only a couple of projects on the go right now.

It's a frustrating situation for those who for years depended on Toronto to
provide steady film work. Liise Keeling, a stunt performer based in the city,
recalls flying out to Vancouver last fall to work on the set of X-Men: The Last
Stand. "Considering Toronto's track record, it's a shame," she says. "I remember
the days when there was so much work [in Toronto] you'd have to clone yourself."

Keeling, who did stunts for a number of U.S. feature films in Toronto last year,
including The Sentinel, 16 Blocks and Cheaper by the Dozen 2, says morale among
crews and performers in the city is the lowest it's been in many years. "No one
is on suicide watch just yet," she says. "But it's discouraging - especially
when it's summer and it's supposed to be the busiest time." - Suzanne Ma

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

Social enterprises get grants

SECTION: Pg. S2/5

LENGTH: 435 words


A GOAT breeding center in Calatrava, Negros Occidental; integrated production
and trading of copra, banana chips and rubber in Magpet, North Cotabato;
microenterprise training and financing in CALABARZON; tourist home stay options
and wild honey production in Palawan. These are among the 11 community-driven
ventures that recently received a combined P30 million in development loans and
grant assistance from the Peace and Equity Foundation (PEF).

Six of the projects aim to benefit more than 6,000 households of agrarian reform
beneficiaries, indigenous peoples and persons with disabilities. Another four
projects will promote climate change-resilient agricultural practices such as
rice duck farming and typhoon-resistant palay seed production, while two will
distribute electricity in unserved areas using community-operated solar and
micro hydro power facilities.

These projects are among the first to be assisted under PEF's new strategic
thrust. Entering its second decade of serving the country's poorest communities,
the foundation will channel majority of its resources toward "social
enterprises." These are businesses dedicated to improving living standards and
bringing more households out of poverty.

Aside from loans, PEF also awarded development or planning grants ranging from
P100,000 to P350,000 for the enhancement of nine project proposals. Totaling
almost P3 million, these grants help ensure the projects' marketability, poverty
reduction potential and social benefits.

The grants will also enable the social enterprises to link and coordinate
producers, processors, traders and distributors in a collaborative "value chain"
for better production efficiency and competitiveness.

The beneficiary social enterprises include: Magpet Agro-Industrial Resources
Cooperative (Magirco), Magpet, North Cotabato; Federation of Multisectoral
Alliance for Development (MUAD), Negros Occidental; Insol Development Foundation
Inc. - Batangas, Cavite, Quezon and Antique provinces; Seed Producers
Association of Northern Samar and Nortehanon Access Center Philippine Agrarian
Reform Foundation for National Development (Parfund), Caraga Region; Palawan
Network of NGOs Inc. (PNNI); Alliance for Sustainable Partnership and Initiative
in Renewable Energy (ASPIRE), Quezon province; Sibol ng Agham at Technolohiya
(SIBAT), Nueva Vizcaya and Bukidnon provinces; MicroVentures Inc. (The Hapinoy
Stores), Southern Luzon areas; Nagkaisang Tribu ng Palawan; Katiyakap Inc. in
South Cotabato; and Bigay Buhay Multi-Purpose Cooperative in Metro Manila.

Proposals for social enterprise funding may be sent to pef@ pef.ph.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 22, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AS MTM GOES, SO GOES QUALTIY IN TV PROGRAMMING

BYLINE: By SALLY BEDELL SMITH

SECTION: Section 2; Page 1, Column 2; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 2081 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


They drank wine dispensed by blood pumps from a make-believe operating room, and
they danced in the shadow of a 10-foot-high painted kitten clad in a green
surgical mask and gown. Gathered on a Hollywood sound stage one evening in late
March, the cast and crew of ''St. Elsewhere,'' the NBC series about an urban
hospital, were celebrating their first prime-time season together. Their festive
mood was tinged with anxiety, however. Given the show's anemic ratings, there
seemed little reason to believe that ''St. Elsewhere'' would survive.

Six weeks later, the show's producers at the independent production company, MTM
Enterprises, Inc., had real cause to celebrate, when NBC unexpectedly renewed
''St. Elsewhere'' for a second season. Once again, an MTM show managed to
squeeze by, as so many others had, on its merits: the quality of its acting,
writing and production values. Once again, a network saw in those merits the
potential for a hit.

After 14 years in the business, MTM remains the most respected television
production company in Hollywood. Along with such other independent producers as
Lorimar, Tandem and Spelling Productions, as well as the seven motion-picture
studios, MTM is a leading supplier of programming to the three commercial
networks. But along with its brethren, MTM is threatened by some troubling
developments: spiraling production costs; impatient networks seeking short-term
successes in the ratings as their share of the prime-time audience is eroded by
cable television, and the prospect of changes in Federal regulations that could
make these independent producers, whose very existence is tethered to
television, totally subservient to the networks - both financially and
creatively.

Whether MTM or other independent producers can withstand these intensifying
pressures is an open question. And in MTM's case, the question has a special
import, since it involves not only the future - and the distinctive character -
of the company, but also the prospects for high-quality weekly programming in
prime time.

Indeed, it is because MTM has concentrated on quality programs for the mass
audience, that these dark clouds appear especially menacing. The company has
built its reputation by achieving financial success with such programs as ''The
Mary Tyler Moore Show,'' ''Lou Grant'' and ''Hill Street Blues.'' Even with the
departure of Grant Tinker, one of the company's founders and its guiding force,
to become chairman of NBC two years ago, MTM continues in top form.

But because of the extra attention given its shows, they are inherently
expensive, and they usually need patience and time to develop an audience
following. The long-term outlook for the MTM brand of literate, sophisticated
programs on prime-time network television is thus uncertain. Although MTM
continues to turn out new shows for the networks, it is also by necessity
beginning to
move into feature-film and cable television production. ''The company has to
grow. It can't stand still,'' says Arthur Price, who assumed the presidency of
MTM from Mr. Tinker. ''I don't think the industry can allow MTM to exist anymore
the way Grant and I were running it.''

MTM's strength flows from its atmosphere of calculated informality, its loose
organization, its selectivity, and its ability to attract and nurture top
talent. It exists as a kind of Camelot, only its knights are called executive
producers, who are granted a status and independence unrivaled in Hollywood. As
a privately held company, beholden to no stockholders, MTM also has the luxury
to take financial risks in the making of programs that adhere to the demanding
standards of its producers and writers.

Arthur Price was one of MTM's three founding partners, along with Mr. Tinker and
his wife, Mary Tyler Moore, from whom Mr. Tinker was later divorced. With Mr.
Price, Miss Moore's manager, operating behind the scenes, the company was shaped
in its first decade by Mr.  Tinker's casual, patrician style coupled with his
wife's smooth professionalism.

For most of that period, MTM set the standard for television comedy, which arose
from the interactions of characters rather than joke-a-minute situations.
Beginning in the late 1970's, with ''Lou Grant,'' set in a big-city newspaper,
and ''The White Shadow,'' about an urban high-school basketball team, MTM
shifted to one-hour dramas laced with realism and accented with deft comedic
touches.

Small, spare and by nature reclusive, the 55-year-old Mr. Price forms a
superficial contrast to the handsome and affable Mr. Tinker.  Nevertheless, in
their values and tastes, the two men coincide, and Mr. Price now sets the
company's unstructured mood. His only major alteration since Mr. Tinker departed
has been a slight expansion of MTM's staff. The company now has 300 fulltime
employees scattered through four buildings on the CBS-20th Century-Fox studio
complex.  Where there were three vice presidents five years ago, there are now
nine.

Mr. Price was born in Brooklyn, studied the viola at Juilliard, and switched to
talent management after several years as a professional musician. With his
high-collar Nehru shirts, rimless glasses, saltand-pepper beard and tranquil
presence, Mr. Price projects a benign eccentricity. Although he is president,
this Arthur runs his Camelot more as a peer than a king. His airy corner office
in Studio City is dominated by a large parquet-top table surrounded by six
sturdy chairs. ''We're a very unstructured company,'' he says. ''It demands
tremendous discipline by the people who work here. That is the reason for the
round table. There is no head of the table.  Everyone is fair game in
discussions.''

MTM's producers and writers seem to thrive in this relaxed atmosphere. At the
moment, there are four executive producers responsible for MTM shows on the air:
Bruce Paltrow for ''St.  Elsewhere''; Steven Bochco for ''Hill Street Blues,''
the three-year-old hit series on NBC set in an urban police station; Barry Kemp
for ''Newhart,'' a popular comedy on CBS about a New England innkeeper and
starring the comedian Bob Newhart; and Michael Gleason for ''Remington Steele,''
a light-hearted detective show on NBC. Next season, there will also be a new
series, ''Bay City Blues,'' about a minor-league baseball team, from Mr. Bochco,
for NBC.

In addition, Gene Reynolds, formerly producer of ''M*A*S*H'' and ''Lou Grant,''
is developing a new hour-long drama about a lawyer, and Allan Burns, formerly of
''The Mary Tyler Moore Show'' and ''Lou Grant,'' is developing a comedy series
about a cartoon animation studio called ''The Duck Factory.''

Every MTM show emerges from a producer's vision that the MTM executives
wholeheartedly support - a situation surprisingly rare in Hollywood television
circles. While most production companies first find out what the networks are
interested in and cut their proposals to fit, MTM does only what it wants to do.

Once a show is sold, MTM protects its producers and writers from efforts by the
networks to change characters or subject matter. When NBC wanted to spin off two
popular characters, Hill and Renko, from the successful series ''Hill Street
Blues,'' Mr. Price balked. ''MTM just wouldn't do it,'' says an admiring Brandon
Tartikoff, president of NBC Entertainment. ''The producers didn't want to turn
it into 'Starsky and Hutch.' ''

MTM's spine is equally stiff on censorship. In its first year, the adult
situations and language of ''Hill Street Blues'' loosened NBC's standards. Mr.
Bochco, who produced a string of shows at Universal Studios for 12 years before
joining MTM, attributes these liberties to the backing of MTM executives. ''We
never could have done 'Hill Street' at Universal,'' says Mr. Bochco. ''The
studio would have interfered creatively and would have folded its tent at the
first sign of network objection.''

Sometimes MTM's method of operating can seem like a certain route to
self-destruction. This spring, for example, MTM had only two new shows for
prime-time consideration. One, a comedy called ''Bliss,'' starring George
Kennedy as the owner of a chocolate factory, was rejected by ABC, despite the
participation of Gene Reynolds as director.

The other, ''Bay City Blues,'' nearly died aborning because of Mr.  Bochco's
perfectionism. His initial desire for a cast of 20 players, expensive sets for a
club house and a bar, and his need to choreograph a different baseball game each
week, complete with fans, brought the hourly tab to nearly $1 million, compared
to NBC's offer of about $800,000. Unable to reach agreement, NBC dropped its
option. Less than a week later, Mr. Price came back to the network with a lower
budget that preserved Mr. Bochco's vision. By decreasing the cast size and
reducing the number of games, MTM was able to meet NBC's higher offer of more
than $850,000 an hour. Still, MTM agreed to pay a substantial additional sum
from its own pocket.

Such expenditures are the norm in MTM's effort to get shows to meet its
standards. ''Our shows per half-hour cost more than anywhere else,'' says Mr.
Price. But that money ends up on the screen, rather than on overhead costs for
technicians, makeup artists and the like - earning MTM the sobriquet ''Mighty
Tight Money'' around the production sets. But writers and producers are rewarded
well, in their salary and in a share of the later profits from the sales of MTM
shows to local stations after the network run.

Yet, spiraling deficits are worrisome to MTM's leadership. Last year, MTM agreed
to Mr. Paltrow's request to re-shoot the premiere episode of ''St. Elsewhere''
with a new cast and director, for an extra $1 million. Including MTM's
additional out-of-pocket costs for each episode, the company spent $2.5 million
more than it received from NBC for ''St. Elsewhere'' in its initial season. ''I
would do 'St. Elsewhere' the same way again,'' says Mr. Price. ''I can't say
that is a rational business decision.''

''Remington Steele'' incurred similar liabilities in its first year, and even
after three years on the air, ''Hill Street Blues'' continues to cost $65,000
more than the $800,000 license fee for each episode. MTM projects that after
five seasons, the total deficit for ''Hill Street Blues'' will be $6 million.
''We are in an economically volatile situation,'' says Mr. Price. ''We are
dealing with large amounts of cash and hoping for a payoff down the road.''

Mr. Price and his colleagues say that MTM's financial status could be adversely
affected if the Federal Communications Commission repeals its financial interest
and syndication rule, which prevents the networks from selling programs to
individual stations and sharing in the profits of those sales. At present, only
the producers of programs are permitted to profit from such sales. MTM is able
to spend lavishly on new shows because it receives these generous syndication
profits. If the networks can take a cut as well, MTM executives argue, the
company will be unable to invest in high-risk shows in the future.

Somewhat reluctantly, MTM is beginning to explore other options.  Mr. Price is
not especially interested in producing mini-series or made-for-TV movies for the
networks, but he is looking seriously at feature films. The company's first
effort last year, ''A Little Sex,'' directed by Mr. Paltrow, was a critical and
box-office failure. Since then, Mr. Price has appointed a vice president for
feature films, Marianne Moloney, spent several thousand dollars on scripts and
earmarked $10 million to make two feature films.

MTM has also appointed Harlan Kleiman, formerly an executive with Home Box
Office, to explore making films for cable television.  ''Irrespective of what I
may feel about the movie business, we have to be out there to participate in the
pay and cable business.  Producing for cable is not economically viable yet, but
it is going to be and we might as well grow with it,'' says Mr. Price.

The hazard of these new ventures, say MTM veterans, is that the company could
lose its freewheeling character. Yet, Mr. Price sees little danger in expansion.
''MTM stands for a certain kind of program and production value,'' he says.
''Under my stewardship, I don't think MTM will change its programming styles and
tastes. The programs we make are reflective of what I enjoy and what I would
watch if they were not my shows. If I am lucky, I am guessing right.  The best
you can bring to this business is a sophisticated guess.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Barry Kemp (page 27) photo of Steve Bochco
(page 27) photos of scenes from televsion shows produced by MTM photo of Arthur
Price

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 9, 2004 Thursday
                                National Edition

Grant rumoured as Riverside bidder: Battle heating up for desirable strandboard
maker

BYLINE: John Greenwood, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: NEWS; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER - Yet another potential white knight is rumoured to be preparing a bid
for Riverside Forest Products Ltd. as the embattled panel board maker fights off
a hostile offer from rival Tolko Industries Ltd.

Officials at Toronto-based Grant Forest Products Inc. declined to comment
yesterday but analysts speculated that Grant may have signed a confidentiality
agreement with Riverside in connection with a possible offer for the company.

"You could see a combination with Grant," said Kevin Mason, an analyst at Equity
Research Associates. "Grant is big in OSB and they've been throwing off
incredible cash."

If Grant comes forward, Riverside could find itself with at least three suitors
to choose from.

Back in August privately held Tolko announced its surprise bid of about
$222-million for Riverside, which was quickly rejected as too low.

On Sept 2 International Forest Products Ltd. revealed that it, too, was
considering a bid.

Riverside is one of a handful of producers of a popular plywood replacement
called oriented strandboard. A medium-sized player controlled by a small group
of major shareholders, the company began attracting interest when OSB started
skyrocketing, climbing to more than US$500 for 1000 square feet in the summer.
OSB mills are expensive to build but once running they can be extremely
profitable, especially when prices are as high as they are now. An added benefit
is that unlike standard lumber, OSB is not subject to U.S..S. softwood duties.

Over the past 12 months Riverside shares have more than doubled in value.

According to Reid Carter, managing partner of Brascan Financial's Timberland
Asset Management Fund, "this has been a spectacular year" for OSB producers like
Riverside.

Given that scenario, it is hardly surprising Riverside should become a takeover
target.

But analysts said that Tolko will likely have to sweeten its offer if it hopes
to the one to escort Riverside to the altar.

"The market is definitely anticipating that $29 a share is not going to cut it,"
Mr. Mason said.

Over the past year British Columbia forest companies have been hit with a wave
of consolidation, propelled by soaring lumber prices and the growing expectation
of an end to the Canada-U.S. softwood trade dispute.

Grant Forest Products operates mostly in Ontario and Alberta. It owns three OSB
mills, including two of the world's largest. Acquiring Riverside would enable it
to expand its market presence.

Tolko also has significant OSB operations but it may have another reason for
putting Riverside into play than simple expansion. Since the late '90s the
company has had a significant block of Riverside shares, which right now sits at
about 18%.

For years Riverside shares have been undervalued, partly because of the small
public float, Mr. Mason said.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2004 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            April 25, 2013 Thursday

USDA, dairy farmers renew agreement to boost energy efficiency in dairy farms

SECTION: SUPPLY CHAIN; Dairy Food

LENGTH: 400 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has renewed its agreement
with dairy producers to accelerate the adoption of waste-to-energy projects and
energy efficiency improvements on dairy farms in the country.


This move will help producers diversify revenues and reduce utility expenses on
their operations. The pact extends a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed in
Copenhagen, Denmark, in 2009.

Agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack said that the USDA and the Innovation Center
for US Dairy will continue research that helps dairy farmers improve the
sustainability of their operations, through the agreement.

"This vital research also will support the dairy industry as it works to reach
its long-term goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020,"
added Vilsack.

One objective of the MOU is to increase the construction of anaerobic digesters
and explore innovative ways to use products previously considered waste streams
from dairy production, processing and handling.

Since signing the MOU, USDA has made nearly 180 awards that helped finance the
development, construction, and biogas production of anaerobic digester systems
with Rural Development programs, such as the Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP), Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels, Business and Industry
Guaranteed Loan Program, Value Added Producer Grants, amongst others.

These systems capture methane and produce renewable energy for on-farm use and
sale onto the electric grid. Additionally, during this period, USDA awarded
approximately 140 REAP loans and grants to help dairy farmers develop other
types of renewable energy and energy efficiency systems at their operations.

Also, USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) has provided $257m in
funding since 2009 that has helped more than 6,000 dairy farmers plan and
implement conservation practices to improve sustainability.

NRCS support for the dairy industry has resulted in 354 on-farm and in-plant
energy audits as well as 18 conservation innovation grants for dairy-related
projects during the past three years.

USDA has a portfolio of programs designed to improve the economic stability of
rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the
quality of life in rural America.

Anaerobic digester technology is a proven method of capturing methane from waste
products, such as manure, and converting into heat and electricity. The
technology utilizes generators that are fueled by the captured methane.Dairy
operations with anaerobic digesters routinely generate enough electricity to
power hundreds of homes per year.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                          November 15, 1995 Wednesday

Normandy in $3bn merger Major international mining house to;
form

BYLINE: CLIVE MATHIESON

LENGTH: 628 words


Normandy Mining's ambitious $3 billion merger with its three major gold
subsidiaries will elevate the company into the top echelons of the global mining
industry.

The executive chairman, Mr Robert de Crespigny, said the proposed alliance was a
"logical move" towards the creation of a major international mining house with
the potential to accelerate global expansion.

Under the terms of the merger, shareholders of subsidiaries PosGold, Gold Mines
of Kalgoorlie and North Flinders Mines would be offered shares in parent
Normandy.

The company's associated gold interests would then be streamlined under the
Normandy banner to create a single listed entity expected to trade on the
sharemarket - as Normandy Mining - by March next year.

Mr de Crespigny ruled out a cash component in the merger terms which are yet to
be determined.

Under the current group structure, Normandy holds a 50 per cent stake in
PosGold, which in turn boasts a 49.2 per cent interest in NFM and 30.1 per cent
of GMK.

PosGold also holds about 75.6 per cent of Queensland gold producer Mt Leyshon
Gold Mines.

MLGM has been shunned from the proposed mega-merger after two previous attempts
by Normandy to mop up the share register were thwarted by recalcitrant minority
shareholders. Normandy has recruited consultancy Grant Samuel and Associates to
value the four companies and recommend appropriate merger terms.

The three subsidiary companies will then employ independent experts to assess
Grant Samuel's findings, with the merger terms expected to be released within
four weeks.

Subject to court approval, an information memorandum will be mailed to
shareholders in mid-February with meetings to vote of the proposed Schemes of
Arrangement scheduled for March.

The merger will create Australia's largest and the world's eighth biggest gold
miner with global production of more than 1.7 million ounces a year. Normandy
will also rank as a major producer of industrial minerals andzinc dust. And it
will be Australia's fourth largest base metals producer by value.

Based on the group's performance for 1994-95, the combined entity would have
recorded a net profit of $120 million last year on sales revenue - dominated by
gold production - of about $1.13 billion.

The combined share register will include major Australian and international
investment funds but with the de Crespigny family holding diluted from 11.7 per
cent to less than 5 per cent.

Speaking from Sydney yesterday, Mr de Crespigny said Normandy's long-awaited
decision to restructure its web of interlocking shareholdings had been
accelerated by calls from concerned investors.

"There's no doubt that the structure we have had was not regarded as
user-friendly by the investment community," he said.

And although the merger would provide the company with the financial strength
necessary to compete in Australia and expand globally, Mr de Crespigny conceded
the simplified structure involved a trade-off in risk minimisation.

"The trade-off is for a far stronger company (but) we will have to make sure
that we watch the risks far more closely," he said.

The alliance was expected to result in a re-rating of merged company's shares
"for the benefit of all shareholders", particularly those with NFM's tightly
held scrip.

The shake-up will also affect Normandy's burgeoning overseas interests,
particularly its 60 per cent stake in the LaSource joint venture with France's
State-owned BRGM.

Mr de Crespigny said the local merger would see the company combine PosGold and
Normandy's interests in LaSource and its gold arm - Mine Or SA.

He said Mine Or's assets would then be merged into the LaSource stable, in which
the new Normandy Mining would hold a "straight 60 per cent stake".

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo (color): robert de crespigny; Mr de Crespigny: restructure.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               February 22, 2013

Vision: Value our farms

BYLINE:  Daniel Burdon

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 458  words



HIGHLIGHT: Blueprint for agriculture a peek towards 2050


AN AUSTRALIA that truly values and respects agriculture and the essential role
it plays in society forms a driving vision for the industry unveiled by the
National Farmers' Federation.

After more than 12 months of work, NFF president Jock Laurie revealed the
Blueprint for Australian Agriculture to the National Press Club on Thursday last
week.

The "blueprint" forms an overarching vision for the industry out to 2050.

Mr Laurie said it was developed with input from nearly 4000 Australians, who
identified the challenges, opportunities and potential solutions to the problems
faced by primary production.

"It is an ambitious plan that identifies seven critical areas in which action
must happen now to ensure we are well placed in the future: Innovation;
research, development and extension; competitiveness; trade and market access;
people; agriculture in society; and natural resources and transformational
issues," he said.

"The blueprint participants have called for such action as an increase in
investment in agricultural research, development and extension to help improve
productivity growth and address issues like the changing climate."

And while the blueprint outlines the long-term possibilities for Australian
agriculture, the more immediate future is also under heavy scrutiny, with the
federal election date now set.

Those immediate priorities were set out in the NFF's Budget submission,
revealing the growing urgency of extension for Australia's producers.

Mr Laurie said while there was a definite need to improve investment in research
and development, there was no point in that investment if it was not extended to
producers.

"We've seen over many years state governments cut and keep cutting extension to
producers and it's time that was brought back - we don't care whether it's
delivered by states or the Commonwealth," he said.

"That essential role that departmental extension officers played as independent
advisers for farmers has disappeared and it needs to return."

Other priorities, advised by the long-term vision, included a $5 million grant
for the Primary Industries Education Foundation - to help more young people sign
up for a future in the industry.

It also said the much-touted National Food Plan had to be more than a document -
it must be used to make available sufficient resources to deliver the promises
made.

Mr Laurie said there was a danger the plan could become a list of challenges and
priorities that never saw the light of day due to a lack of resources.

Mr Laurie said participants in the blueprint also wanted to see a reduction in
red tape, more infrastructure investment and inclusion of agriculture in the
national curriculum, as a matter of priority.

See nff.org.au/blueprint.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RRW


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            December 28, 1992 Monday
                                  Late Edition

LINTER BRANDS THRIVE IN EXILE

BYLINE: CRAIG THOMAS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1012 words


MELBOURNE: Almost three years after the Linter group collapsed under the weight
of hundreds of millions in debts, the well-known brands of the former clothing
conglomerate are thriving under the control of a diverse group of companies.

Linter basically had 10 clothing companies under its control, after its collapse
in January 1990 with an excess of debts over assets of $450 million.

Speedo was the first company plucked from the Linter nest in August 1990, with
British company Pentland Plc picking up the famous Aussie Cossie for about $47.5
million.

This left fabric manufacturers Bradmill Textiles Ltd, Jacquard Fabrics Australia
Ltd and National Textiles; work and leisurewear companies King Gee Clothing Co
and the Stubbies Clothing Company Ltd; intimate apparel producers Kortex
Australia (Holdings) Ltd, Formfit Holdings Ltd and Hilton Hosiery Co Ltd; and
finally clothes manufacturer the Pelaco Group Pty Ltd.

US food and hosiery giant Sara Lee picked up the remaining Linter companies when
it won a bidding duel with US finance house Merrill Lynch Capital Partners in
June 1991, forking out $215 million for the companies.

Sara Lee's basic interest was in Linter's intimate apparel/hosiery and
workwear/leisurewear companies and in the last year sold off clothes
manufacturer Pelaco and the fabric manufacturing companies.

Two months ago, Sara Lee offloaded the last of its unwanted Linter assets,
National Textiles, to a management buyout funded by Catalyst, an investment
trust owned by the AMP Society, GIO Australia and the NSW State Superannuation
Board.

National Textiles' managing director, Mr Brian Smith, said the company was still
fine-tuning its expansion plans and would develop its export business with the
help of the Federal Government's incentives for international competitiveness
program.

"We are satisfied the company is performing to the level we anticipated prior to
the buyout," Mr Smith said.

"We are major players in the workwear market. We are developing the export
business within the auspices of the government grants," he said.

He added, "the textile, clothing and footwear industry would see a lot more" of
the company.

National Textiles, with its factory at Rutherford in the Hunter Valley, is a
major producer of cotton and cotton-blend products for the apparel market and
also bed linen and furnishings.

He welcomes the stability the management buyout has brought.

"During the period of the receivership, the company was obviously in a
situation, where its activities were subdued due to the future movement," Mr
Smith said.

Almost a month before the sale of National Textiles, Sara Lee sold Bradmill and
Jacquard to a small Victorian textile manufacturer Undare, based in Yarraville,
Victoria, in September.

Under the control of Undare, both Bradmill and Jacquard have expanded their
operations, with Bradmill currently undergoing a major restructuring program,
assisted also by the Federal Government's Incentives for International
Competitiveness grants.

Undare's general manager, Mr Joe Frazer, said he was very happy with the
purchase of both companies, in particular Bradmill, which was exporting 50 per
cent of its product to the world.

Bradmill is Australia's only producer of denim and exports to France, Portugal,
the UK, Italy and the US.

"We are covering a fair bit of the world now," he said.

Bradmill is due to receive $8.1 million from the Federal Government for
restructuring and redeveloping under the Federal Government's grant scheme.

Jacquard has been renamed Grange Jacquard Pty Ltd and its operations have been
relocated to the Bradmill factory in Yarraville.

The Pelaco Group Pty Ltd was sold by Sara Lee last December to a Victorian
management buyout team.

Mr Tim Mulvany, chairman of the Pelaco Group, said the past year was one of
consolidation for the company with no new clothing brands launched.

"We just wanted to position ourselves for 12 months with what we have acquired,"
Mr Mulvany said.

Pelaco's core brands are Exacto, Country Club, Pelaco, Lady Pelaco, Hoppers and
Toronto clothing.

The company manufactures solely at its Braybrook factory in Melbourne's western
suburbs, with its head office and distribution centre located in Maidstone in
the western suburbs.

Pelaco's managing director, Mr Miles Gowty, said the company intended to build
on the brand name value and goodwill.

"Our intention is to continue to build these products and provide good value for
money," he said.

Mr Gowty said the company would continue to produce predominantly in Australia
but would look at joint venture overseas production with "product people, who
are in tune to the Aussie style.

"We are currently working with companies in Europe, who are very interested in
the products in Australia."

He said the company after the first 12 months hadn't "quite" achieved its sales
targets, but was on target with its profit projections.

Sara Lee now has completely offloaded its non-core assets acquired from Linter,
and the Linter companies that remain form the core of Sara Lee's textile
division.

The giant has four main sections within the Australian textile operations and
these are Hosiery, intimate apparel/underwear division, leisurewear and
workwear.

Hilton Hosiery and Hilton Bonds form the Hosiery division, Playtex, Formfit and
Kortex make up the intimate apparel division, Stubbies is the leisurewear
flagship and King Gee anchors the workwear division.

The company said it planned to build value brands in the Australian and New
Zealand market place and would strive to improve margins through low cost
producer programs and trading on strong brand name products.

The most recent changes at Sara Lee have been in senior personnel in the
establishment of the company's intimate apparel/underwear and Hosiery companies.

Sara Lee's textile division, known within the company as its Personal Products
division, has a turnover of approximately $275 million a year.

The clothing giant sees its main challenge as the need to reduce costs and to
deliver value to the consumer by speeding up the production process from
manufacture to point of sale.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Standard

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

E-tagging funding package 'a pittance'

BYLINE: Steff Wills

SECTION: RURAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 405 words


Funding designed to help sheep and goat farmers cope with the e-tagging
transition has fallen short, south-west stock agents say.

A $17 million package to support the introduction of electronic identification
technology was announced by the state government this month, intending to
benefit the entire supply chain.

Agriculture Minister Jaala Pulford said the transition - for all newborn sheep
to be e-tagged from 2017 - would open up productivity across all sheep and goat
industries.

"We've carefully structured this package to ensure all parts of the supply chain
get the support they need," she said.

"We look forward to seeing industry work collaboratively to adopt the new
system."

Ms Pulford said funding would be shared throughout the supply chain, offering
subsidised tags, infrastructure grants, co-funded equipment grants and an
education program to support sheep and goat producers, saleyards, abattoirs,
processors and service providers.

Despite good intentions, some south-west farmers and stock agents say it is not
enough.

Lanyons Hamilton agent Warren Clark labelled the funding "a pittance".

"It should have been three times that much money," he said.

Mr Clark said the money would be spread too thin, divided between Victorian
saleyards, abattoirs and producers.

"We don't know how many scanners we want here," he said. "At $30-40,000 a pop -
that's just for hardware - we don't know how we're going to go."

Mr Clark said if the government was worried about biosecurity, it should pour
money into the industry.

"It really needs to be at least a million dollars per yard," he said.

"And I know who's going to bear the rest of the cost - the producer."

Hamilton fat lamb producer Laurence Menzel questioned the value of electronic
tagging lambs that would be "on the planet for five-months".

"I understand for rams but people just don't think it's worthwhile in fat
lambs," he said. "Who's going to pay for it? We're going to pay for it."

Victorian Farmers' Federation's Livestock Group president Leonard Vallance said
he had "every confidence" that the change could be delivered and would benefit
the industry.

"The VFF's position has been that the new tags should be cost-neutral to
farmers, and the 2017 cheapest individual tag price of 35 cents delivers this,"
he said.

The electronic system will run alongside the visual system, which is anticipated
to be fully implemented in 2022.

Visit agriculture.vic.gov.au/SheepEID for more.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Common Council panel OKs grant to film commission

BYLINE: By Brian Meyer - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 511 words


They admit that Western New York will never be the Hollywood of the East, but
marketers who tout Buffalo to film producers insist the region can continue to
snare millions of dollars in new film projects.

The head of the Buffalo Niagara Film Commission and the region's top tourism
promoter made a successful pitch for city aid Tuesday. The Common Council's
Finance Committee unanimously recommended a $100,000 grant, a vote that
virtually assures Council passage of the expenditure next week.

Buffalo Niagara Film Commissioner Tim Clark told city lawmakers that independent
movie production is a lucrative market that can yield good returns on public
investments.

"We won't always have the huge studio films here but the independent market --
that's really where these movies are going these days," he said.

Clark said the commission focuses on marketing the region at the Sundance Film
Festival and other festivals throughout the country where emerging filmmakers
congregate. Marketers even target student filmmakers.

"Two or three of those kids are going to end up being a big director or a big
producer, and they maybe, just maybe, will remember the kind of experience they
had back in Buffalo," Clark said.

Lower costs, financial incentives, great architecture, snowy venues and a
"rhythm" and "vibrancy" in the region are key selling points, Clark said.

The spin-off benefits of having the region showcased in feature films,
documentaries and commercials can be significant, local marketers maintained.

"The ancillary benefit of showing Buffalo in a great light and the tourism value
that we get from that is huge," said Dottie Gallagher-Cohen, president and chief
executive officer of Visit Buffalo Niagara, formerly the Buffalo Niagara
Convention and Visitors Bureau.

The film commission works under Visit Buffalo Niagara and receives most of its
funding from Erie County. Gallagher-Cohen said the $100,000 city commitment
would make up about 40 percent of the commission's budget. The way the agreement
is worded, the city money would be used to help offset expenses that have been
incurred since last July. Assuming the Council approves the grant, this will be
the second year the city has helped fund the commission.

The commission provides a variety of services for film producers, including
location one-stop permit processing and crew, equipment and support services. It
has played key roles in various cinematic projects, including the filming of
some scenes for "Henry's Crime," a romantic comedy starring Keanu Reeves.

ABC-TV's "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" program that was shot on Buffalo's
West Side in 2009 was translated into 58 languages and aired in 59 countries.

Clark promised lawmakers that they can look forward to some announcements about
new projects within the next few months. But for now, mum's the word. Clark said
he can't talk about pending projects due to confidentiality pacts.

"I don't mean to be teasing here, but there are a couple of other sort of bigger
productions that are looking at Buffalo now," he said.

e-mail: bmeyer@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Program boosts bio-energy production

BYLINE: Mark Weber, Red Deer Express

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 288  words


The production of clean, renewable energy will receive a major boost over the
next four years thanks to support from the province.

The $209-million Bio-Energy Producer Credit Program announced yesterday will
encourage further investment in the province's emerging bio-energy industry
through financial incentives for producers.

It will also advance new markets for agricultural and forestry products.

"In addition to the environmental advantages, bio-fuels offer important value
-added opportunities for rural Alberta and our agricultural industry that help
diversify our energy portfolio," said Mel Knight, minister of energy. "This
program will encourage increased investment and help create new jobs for
Albertans that will promote a sustainable and stable bio-energy industry."

Every litre of ethanol and bio-diesel or kilowatt hour of bio-generated power
produced commercially may be eligible to receive the Bio-Energy Producer Credit.

This will encourage producers of all sizes to effectively contribute to the
marketplace, said Knight.

The credits will be available to eligible bio-energy products processed in
Alberta between April 1 of this year to March 31, 2011.

The Bio-Energy Producer Credit Program is the centrepiece of the Alberta
Government's $239-million Nine-Point Bio-Energy Plan.

Two other grant programs, the Bio-Refining Commercialization and Market
Development Program and the Bio-Energy Infrastructure Development Program,
account for an additional $30 million to promote the development of an
economically viable bio-energy market in the province.

For more information on the Bio-Energy Producer Credit Program, check out
www.energy.gov.ab.ca. Applications can also be found on the website and are
being accepted.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved
