
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            February 8, 2000 Tuesday

Farmers still not out of trouble

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 707 words


Farmers pelted by low net farm income the past few years aren't out of the woods
yet, despite a hefty government check, according to Leland Swenson, president of
the National Farmers Union, and a farmer from Oldham, S.D.

"We're not at all out of the woods," said Swenson, in Springfield recently for
the annual meeting of the Illinois Farmers Union. "It's like a forest that just
gets darker and darker. It now covers the whole spectrum of agriculture - low
dairy prices, low beef prices, pork prices that are starting to come back but
not at a level to make people reinvest. And now, low commodity prices for grain.

"We're having an economic depression in prices. It continues to linger and
linger. I don't think the outlook holds any bright spots."

Swenson doesn't describe himself as a pessimist, but he's concerned that the
level of world stocks are extensive enough to keep higher prices at bay.

"Unless we have a natural disaster - if a drought hits Illinois - then we might
see prices go up, but farmers then aren't going to have anything to sell," he
said.

He's looking to legislators, and President Clinton, for help.

"There's another part of our American community in trouble ... our family
farmers," Clinton said in his recent State of the Union message. "When I signed
the farm bill in 1996, I said there was great danger it would work well in good
times, but not in bad. Well, droughts, floods and historically low prices have
made these times very bad for the farmers. We must work together to strengthen
the farm safety net, invest in land conservation and create some new markets for
them by expanding our programs for bio-based fuels and products."

Swenson wants changes in the current farm bill.

"We can't wait for the 2003 farm bill," he said. "We need fundamental changes
right now."

Swenson said the current Freedom to Farm bill failed in providing an adequate
safety net for farmers when prices crashed, requiring last year's emergency farm
aid.

To prevent needing such aid in future years when prices are low, Swenson
recommends bringing corn and wheat loan rates up to the level of soybeans',
extending the loan period for farmers from nine months to 15 and reinstating the
on-farm storage loan program.

Those measures would allow farmers to hold on to grain until prices rose and
would enable farmers to influence the market.

"Congress has already gotten the message that farmers are in serious trouble,"
said Swenson. "The situation in agriculture was only covered over with a
Band-Aid with the $9 billion in economic assistance in 1998 and $7 billion in
1999. What we have to be concerned about is when Congress says, 'Haven't we done
enough?' If the plug is pulled on emergency assistance, the way things are now,
there will be a prairie fire across rural America."

Swenson compares current conditions to those of the 1980s, when many farmers
were forced out of business.

"There were more farmers then," said Swenson. "Freedom to Farm does not respond
to commodity prices. It hands out cash to landowners, so we're seeing land
values and cash rents stay up. It's so misleading as to what is really
happening.

"The American Farm Bureau Federation adopted a position at their last meeting to
support counter-cyclical support for Freedom to Farm. They feel there's a lack
of adequate safety net. It's being recognized by those in agriculture,
regardless of the group, that there is a problem."

Currently, 50 percent of the land farmed in the United States is held by
absentee ownership, according to Swenson.

"In the 1980s, more farmers went out of business who owned their land. What we
have now is that the farmers who don't own land are getting out of business," he
said. "And someone else will simply farm that land. We've had contract
production agriculture in beef and pork. Now, we're seeing it move into the
grain sector. Farmers are becoming an employee under contract for
multinationals."

To call attention to the problem, Swenson is leading a Rally for Agriculture
March 19-20 in the nation's capital, and drawing on churches, labor and other
groups to join the effort.

"This goes beyond the farm gate," said Swenson. "We need to come together to
have Congress realize that the issues have to be addressed."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 2, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: Agricultural disaster designated in five counties after July 30 storm

BYLINE: West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


Dec. 2--ST. PAUL -- A July 30 wind storm strong enough to bend flag poles in
Madison and topple trees on a path through five west central counties has led to
the designation of the counties as an agriculture disaster area.

Farmers in Lac qui Parle, Big Stone, Chippewa, Swift and Yellow Medicine
counties will be eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the federal Farm
Service Agency. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Schafer designated the
counties as an agricultural disaster area, Gov. Tim Pawlenty's office announced
on Monday.

A loss assessment report compiled by Lac qui Parle County documented the extent
of the damage inflicted on corn and soybean crops by the storm.

The disaster designation is extended to include adjacent counties, which
includes Big Stone, Chippewa, Swift and Yellow Medicine.

Farmers should contact their local Farm Service Agency office for more
information. Emergency loan funds may be used to restore or replace essential
property, pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year,
pay essential family living expenses, reorganize the farming operation and
refinance certain debts, according to information from the governor's office.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2008, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081202-YM-BRF-Agricultural-disaster-designated-in-five-counties-after-July-30-
storm-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                                 Copyright 2008


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Emergency loan bails out hog farm

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


YORK (Oct 20, 2009)

Everyone is happy at Bartside Farms. Except for the pigs. They are back on
schedule.

But Wayne and Geoff Bartels have received a stay of execution for their
financially-troubled farm that had its hydro cut last week.

Haldimand County Hydro cut off power to the 40-hectare farm, located just south
of Binbrook, because of an $11,000 unpaid bill.

But power was restored Friday at about 6 p.m. when the Bartels received an
emergency loan for the owed amount from Farm Credit Canada, a federal loan
agency.

The Bartels had been relying on two diesel-powered generators to run their
ventilation system to keep their 4,500 pigs alive.

The Bartels are waiting word on several other FCC loans to push the farm back to
some form of sustainability. But they say their problems are symptomatic of an
ongoing crisis in the Ontario hog industry.

"The hog industry is loading itself up with debt and we're way beyond what
values the farm is worth," Wayne Bartels said. "We're over-extended. The end of
the month is crunch time again."

Ontario's 2,100 pork producers are reeling from soaring feed prices, a sluggish
economy and H1N1 concerns.

As Ontario pork producers export much of their product to the U.S., the soaring
loonie represents another blow to revenue, said Keith Robbins, a spokesperson
for Ontario Pork, an association representing the province's hog farmers.

He said the U.S. policy of supporting corn for ethanol production means pork
producers face high corn feed prices.

"In Ontario, farmers are facing the fourth year of depressed prices to the point
they are not covering their actual cost of production. What that means is the
cost to raise a pig, they aren't even getting that value.

"It is very strained," Robbins said, adding support programs to aid farmers
through cyclical downturns were never designed for the long-term impacts the
industry now faces.

Those factors saw the Bartels' farm go black Tuesday with the hydro cut-off. The
various factors putting financial pressure on pork producers could mean there
will soon be many fewer Ontario pig farms.

Then Ontario pork, subject to stringent Canadian food safety requirements, will
become harder to find in grocery stores.

Geoff Bartels had expressed surprise the utility would cut power to the farm,
which was three months in arrears.

"We're just three months late with the bill. That's not that bad ... We were
just blown away that they did shut it off. We didn't think they would."

Doug Curtiss, Haldimand County Hydro interim president and CEO, admits the
utility took some major heat from the public for disconnecting the Bartels'
power.

"Disconnecting power for customers in arrears is unfortunately a normal part of
our business. We treat everyone with the same minimal standards. We've taken
calls and e-mails from concerned citizens. Most relate to the situation the
farmers are in or the safety of the livestock on the farm."

<a href="mailto:kpeters@thespec.com">kpeters@thespec.com

905-526-3388

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

USDA Designates Sutton County and Contiguous Counties as Drought Disaster Area

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Will Hurd, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

On Wednesday, the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture
announced that Sutton County and six additional contiguous Texas counties are
designated as primary natural disaster areas due to recent drought conditions.
These additional counties include Crockett, Edwards, Kimble, Menard, Schleicher
and Val Verde. Previously designated primary natural disaster areas in the 23rd
Congressional District of Texas include Bexar, Frio, Medina, Uvalde and Zavala
counties.

"The agriculture industry is a a vital part of the economy in the 23rd
Congressional District and the impact of this drought on our families is very
real," said U.S. Representative Will Hurd (R-Helotes), who represents each of
these counties in Washington. "Families, farms and ranches have struggled in
these counties due to this drought and it's important for them to get any
federal assistance they are eligible to receive."

The disaster designation makes farm operators in these counties eligible to be
considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans. Farmers have eight months to apply for these emergency loans.
According to USDA Secretary Thomas Vilsack, local FSA offices can provide
additional information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Disaster Assistance (General)
Pages 15481 - 15482 [FR DOC # 2017-06143]

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Disaster Assistance (General) AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on the extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
in support of Disaster Assistance programs.

The information collection is needed to identify disaster areas and establish
eligibility for both primary and contiguous counties for assistance from FSA.
This assistance includes FSA emergency loans which are available to eligible and
qualified farmers and ranchers. The total burden hours have been revised to
reflect the number of [[Page 15482]] Secretarial requests for natural disaster
assistance during the 2016 crop year. DATES: We will consider comments that we
receive by May 30, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this
notice. In your comment, include the date and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Steve Peterson, Director, Production, Emergencies

 and Compliance Division, to Farm Service Agency, USDA, Mail Stop 0517,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0517.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and

 Budget, Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may

 be requested by contacting Steve Peterson at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Tona Huggins, (202) 205-9847.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Disaster Assistance Program (General).

     OMB Number: 0560-0170.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 07/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: The information collection is necessary for FSA to

 effectively administer the regulations related to identifying disaster

 areas for the purpose of making emergency loans. This program is

 available to qualified and eligible farmers and ranchers who have

 suffered weather-related physical or production losses or both in such

 areas. Before emergency loans can become available, the information

 needs to be collected to determine if the disaster areas meet the

 criteria of having a qualifying loss in order to be considered as an

 eligible County.

     The total burden hours have been revised to reflect the number of

 Secretarial requests for natural disaster assistance during the 2016

 crop year.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per response multiplied by the estimated total annual

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time To Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.435

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information.

     Respondents: Farmers and ranchers.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 401.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.2.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 492.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.435.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 214 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for Office of

 Management and Budget approval.



 Chris P. Beyerhelm,

 Acting Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-06143 Filed 3-28-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Disaster Assistance (General)
Pages 15481 - 15482 [FR DOC # 2017-06143]

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Disaster Assistance (General) AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on the extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
in support of Disaster Assistance programs.

The information collection is needed to identify disaster areas and establish
eligibility for both primary and contiguous counties for assistance from FSA.
This assistance includes FSA emergency loans which are available to eligible and
qualified farmers and ranchers. The total burden hours have been revised to
reflect the number of [[Page 15482]] Secretarial requests for natural disaster
assistance during the 2016 crop year. DATES: We will consider comments that we
receive by May 30, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this
notice. In your comment, include the date and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Steve Peterson, Director, Production, Emergencies

 and Compliance Division, to Farm Service Agency, USDA, Mail Stop 0517,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0517.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and

 Budget, Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may

 be requested by contacting Steve Peterson at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Tona Huggins, (202) 205-9847.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Disaster Assistance Program (General).

     OMB Number: 0560-0170.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 07/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: The information collection is necessary for FSA to

 effectively administer the regulations related to identifying disaster

 areas for the purpose of making emergency loans. This program is

 available to qualified and eligible farmers and ranchers who have

 suffered weather-related physical or production losses or both in such

 areas. Before emergency loans can become available, the information

 needs to be collected to determine if the disaster areas meet the

 criteria of having a qualifying loss in order to be considered as an

 eligible County.

     The total burden hours have been revised to reflect the number of

 Secretarial requests for natural disaster assistance during the 2016

 crop year.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per response multiplied by the estimated total annual

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time To Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.435

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information.

     Respondents: Farmers and ranchers.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 401.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.2.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 492.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.435.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 214 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for Office of

 Management and Budget approval.



 Chris P. Beyerhelm,

 Acting Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-06143 Filed 3-28-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Clovis Livestock Market News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 21, 2009

Seven counties in disaster declaration

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 237  words


ALBUQUERQUE - The US. Department of Agriculture has designated seven New Mexico
counties declared disaster areas due to the ongoing drought and high winds from
October 1, 2008 and continuing.

Acting Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director, Brenda Archuleta this
week announced that Chaves, De Baca, Eddy, Lea, Lincoln, Otero, and Roosevelt
are primary disaster counties and Curry, Dofia Ana, Guadalupe, Quay, Sierra,
Socorro, and Torrance are designated as contiguous disaster counties.

Under the designation, the farm operators in both primary and contiguous
counties are eligible to be considered for assistance from FSA, provided
eligibility requirements are met.

The assistance includes FSA emergency loans and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Payments (SURE) Program. The FSA will consider each application on
its own merit by taking into account the extent of losses, security available,
and repayment ability.

Producers in these counties have until April 14, 2010 to apply for the emergency
loans to help cover part of their actual losses, provided all eligibility
requirements are met.

Interested farmers may contact their local USD A Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for this and
other programs.

Additional information is also available online at: http://disaster.
fsa.usda.gov or through the New Mexico FSA's website at: www.fsa. usda.gov/nm.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2009 Clovis Livestock Market News


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

USDA increases loan limits for local farmers

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 340 words


MONTPELIER -- Harvey Smith, executive director of USDA's Farm Service Agency,
recently announced that the new federal Farm Bill is helping make the goal of
owning and operating a farm a reality for more people by raising the loan limits
to $300,000 (up from $200,000) for direct farm ownership and operating loans.

"FSA is working with farmers at the local level and has already started making
loans with this higher limit," Smith said. "FSA strives to be the lender of
first opportunity for those entering the farm community and is proud to help the
hard-working farmers in Vermont who are struggling with the high costs of
running a family farm. We especially like working with beginning and socially
disadvantaged producers."

A loan from the FSA gives farmers access to capital that is essential to build
and sustain family farms. Despite continual increases in farm input costs, the
prices of farms, livestock and equipment the fsa loan limits had remained
unchanged since 1984. The increased loan limits are expected to help farmers
whose credit requirements could not previously be met by the FSA loan limits. In
addition, some existing fsa borrowers who have already reached the previous
limit of $200,000 will now be eligible to obtain additional credit from FSA.

FSA makes loans to farmers and services these loans providing direct loan
borrowers with supervision including assistance with business planning and an
annual farm analysis to improve their chance for success. Farm ownership,
operating, emergency, and youth loans are the main types of loans available
under the direct program. Direct loan funds are also set aside each year for
loans to socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers.

"If you are starting a farm or changing your operation, give us a call," said
Smith.

Farmers interested in applying for a direct operating or farm ownership loan
should contact their local FSA office.

For more information about these and other types of loans, visit the FSA's home
page at www.fsa.usda.gov and click on "farm loan programs."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 9, 1991, Tuesday

Tornado means busy insurors

BYLINE: By Charles Salter Staff writerweather; conditions; business; managment

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION D; PAGE 08

LENGTH: 315 words


Aron Gebhardt has been dashing from one damaged home to another since a tornado
ripped into Cobb and Douglas counties March 29.

On a recent sunny morning, Mr. Gebhardt, a claims representative for State Farm
Insurance, was busy sifting through the ruins of a two-story home on Flint Hill
Road near Austell.

Like many other claims representatives involved in recent storm damage
assessment, Mr. Gebhardt was both comforting the family and analyzing the loss.

"You have to wear many hats and have a lot of empathy and sympathy, a lot of
understanding in this job," he said. "You must be able to make decisions and go
ahead and get emergency repairs made."

The destroyed home belonged to Tony Pinion and his wife, Phyllis. The couple had
huddled with their daughter, Jennifer, in a closet for several terrifying
seconds as the tornado yanked the house off its foundation, carried it about 30
feet toward the street and slammed it back onto the ground. Mr. Gebhardt
considers it amazing that the Pintons were not killed.

As the cleanup in Cobb and Douglas counties continues, residents hit by the
storm should learn sometime this week whether the federal Small Business
Administration (SBA) declares the area an SBA disaster area. The region does not
qualify for federal disaster aid.

Damage totaled more than $ 11 million in Cobb County, said Nathan Wilson of the
Cobb Emergency Management Agency (EMA). Douglas County EMA Director Curtis
Little said damage in his county totaled $ 6.5 million.

While the SBA would target loans to uninsured homeowners, renters and business
people, Mr. Waite urged that anyone unsure about his insurance coverage apply
for an SBA loan. Sometimes people think they're fully insured and don't discover
otherwise until after the 60-day loan- filing period expires, he said.

Staff writer Reid Warren contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            January 30, 1978, Monday

BYLINE: BY SETH S KING

SECTION: Page 10, Column 3

LENGTH: 148 words

Farm state members of Congress react to farm strike by calling for increases in
emergency aid to farmers.  Sen Herman E Talmadge has called for new $3.5 Billion
program of emergency payments to farmers for not planting part of their land in
spring '78.  Has also urged Agr Sec Bergland to raise support loan rates on
wheat, corn and soybeans.  American Agriculture Movement, strike organizers,
will testify at House Agriculture Committee hearings on farm problems beginning
Feb 6. Repr Thomas S Foley holds that Bergland should review possibility of 1
year's extension of wheat and corn support loans and waiving interest payments
on them.  Brooklyn, NY, Repr Fred Richmond calls for reforming urban-rural
coalition in Congress.  Holds out hope of approval of some emergency legislation
for farmers.  Notes urban area Congressmen will expect, in return, help with
their own problems (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 30-78

              Copyright 1978 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 9, 1991, Tuesday

Storm claims keep insurers busy

BYLINE: By Charles Salter Staff writerdisaster; atlanta; weather; conditions;
attempts

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION D; PAGE 08

LENGTH: 474 words


Aron Gebhardt has been dashing from one damaged home to another since a tornado
ripped into Cobb and Douglas counties March 29.

On a recent sunny morning, Mr. Gebhardt, a claims representative for State Farm
Insurance, was busy sifting through the ruins of a two-story home on Flint Hill
Road near Austell.

Like many other claims representatives involved in recent storm damage
assessment, Mr. Gebhardt was both comforting the family and analyzing the loss.

"You have to wear many hats and have a lot of empathy and sympathy, a lot of
understanding in this job," he said. "You must be able to make decisions and go
ahead and get emergency repairs made."

The destroyed home belonged to Tony Pinion and his wife, Phyllis. The couple had
huddled with their daughter, Jennifer, in a closet for several terrifying
seconds as the tornado yanked the house off its foundation, carried it about 30
feet toward the street and slammed it back onto the ground. Mr. Gebhardt
considers it amazing that the Pintons were not killed.

As the cleanup in Cobb and Douglas counties continues, residents hit by the
storm should learn sometime this week whether the federal Small Business
Administration (SBA) has declared the area an SBA disaster area. The region does
not qualify for federal disaster aid.

Damage totaled more than $ 11 million in Cobb County, said Nathan Wilson of the
Cobb Emergency Management Agency (EMA). Douglas County EMA Director Curtis
Little said damage in his county totaled $ 6.5 million.

While the SBA would target loans to uninsured homeowners, renters and business
people, Mr. Waite urged that anyone unsure about his insurance coverage apply
for an SBA loan. Sometimes people think they're fully insured and don't discover
otherwise until after the 60-day loan- filing period expires, he said.

The Red Cross has served 151 families at its Cobb and Douglas disaster service
centers, and about half of those cases have been "closed," meaning the families
are out of hotels and back living in residences, said Cobb center manager Nancy
Brockway.

Saturday was the last day for assistance registration at the centers and also
the last day for free meals, Ms. Brockway said. The Red Cross has served about
3,115 free meals so far, she said.

J. Sherman Ross, claims superintendent at State Farm, said his company has
received 371 tornado-related claims, and the total probably will reach 400.

Damage was more widespread in metro Atlanta from tornadoes in 1989 and 1990, but
the recent storms caused very heavy damage in concentrated areas, Mr. Ross said.

The actual areas of damage are "some of the worst I have ever seen," said Mr.
Gebhardt, who handled 100 claims in storm duty after Hurricane Hugo hit
Charleston, S.C., in 1989.

Staff writer Reid Warren contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Cobb and Douglas should learn this week whether they've been
declared an SBA disaster area.

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Commissioners of St. Mary's County Meeting Minutes (Tuesday, October
25, 2016)

LENGTH: 1078  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: St. Mary's County, The State of Maryland  has issued the following
news release:



   Members present Commissioner President James R. Guy

 Commissioner Tom Jarboe

 Commissioner Todd B. Morgan

 Commissioner John E. O'Connor

 Dr. Rebecca Bridgett, County Administrator

 Sharon Ferris, Recorder

 1. WELCOME

 Commissioner President Guy opened the business meeting of the Commissioners of
St. Mary's County to order at 9:00 am in the Chesapeake Building meeting room,
Governmental Center.



 Approval of Minutes

 I move to approve the minutes of October 18, 2016 as presented.

 Motion by Commissioner Tom Jarboe, second by Commissioner John E. O'Connor.

 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 Approval of Consent Agenda

 I move to approve the Consent Agenda as presented.

 Motion by Commissioner John E. O'Connor, second by Commissioner Todd B. Morgan.


 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 2. PROCLAMATIONS

 A. RED RIBBON WEEK - (Southern Maryland Young Marines)

 B. RETIREMENT - THOMAS MATTINGLY, JR. , Dept. of Emergency Services &
Technology

 C. RETIREMENT - OLIVER D. STEWART, Sheriff's Office

 D. RETIREMENT - MARGARET "PEGGY" LEWIS, Dept. of Public Works &

 Transportation

 3. PRESENTATION

 DEPT. OF PUBLIC WORKS & TRANSPORTATION - Leonardtown Library & Garvey Senior
Activity Center Replacement Facilities Update

 Present: George Erichsen, Director, Dept. of Public Works and Transportation

 Antonio Rebelo, AIA and Sr. Associate, Grimm and Parker Architect

 Mr. Erichsen and Mr. Rebelo presented the progress to-date on the future Senior
Center and Leonardtown Library.

 4. COUNTY ADMINISTRATOR

 A. DRAFT AGENDAS FOR NOVEMBER 1 & 15, 2016. THERE IS NO MEETING OF THE CSMC ON
NOVEMBER 8, 2016.

 B. BOARD OF EDUCATION - Request increase to FY2017 Budget by use of FY2016 Fund
Balance $2.5 million

 I move to approve the Board of Education's request to increase their FY2017
Budget by use of their FY2016 Fund Balance in the amount of $2,000,000 for
reading textbooks and $500,000 for maintenance projects, and sign the letter
signifying the approval of this action.

 Motion by Commissioner Tom Jarboe, second by Commissioner John E. O'Connor.

 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 C. DEPT. OF EMERGENCY SERVICES & TECHNOLOGY - Memorandum of Understanding
between the Commissioners of St. Mary's County and Advanced Life Support Unit,
Inc.

 I move to approve and authorize the Commissioner President to execute the
Memorandum of Understanding between the Commissioners of St. Mary's County and
Advanced Life Support Unit, Inc.

 Motion by Commissioner John E. O'Connor, second by Commissioner Tom Jarboe.

 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 D. DEPT. OF EMERGENCY SERVICES & TECHNOLOGY - Accepting Additional Funding for
Exelon Grant

 I move to accept additional funding for the Exelon Revenue Grant, Project
OT1710 from Exelon Generation Company LLC on behalf of Emergency Services &
Technology to be used to purchase and install an additional Radiological
Monitoring Station in the amount of $8,000 and

 to approve the related budget amendment and to authorize the Commissioner
President to execute the related documents.

 Motion by Commissioner John E. O'Connor, second by Commissioner Todd B. Morgan.


 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 E. DEPT. OF RECREATION AND PARKS - Program Open Space Acquisition Application &
Project Agreement

 I move to approve and authorize Commissioner President Guy to execute the
Program Open Space Acquisition Application and Project Agreement for the Fortier
Farm Limited Partnership property (Snow Hill Farm) and execute the two related
budget amendments: 1) closing a portion of the Parks Land Acquisition Project
RP0604 and RP1404 and return the unspent funds and appropriation authority to
the FIN17 Capital Reserve; and 2) to transfer budget authority from the FIN17
Capital Reserve to the Snow Hill Farm Property project RP1705.

 Motion by Commissioner John E. O'Connor, second by Commissioner Tom Jarboe.

 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 F. DEPT. OF FINANCE - Bay District Volunteer Fire Department (BDVFD) Request
for $590,000 Loan under the Fire & Rescue Revolving Loan Fund Program

 I move to approve and authorize staff to prepare the necessary loan documents
for a seven year loan for the Bay District Volunteer Fire Department in the
amount of $590,000 from the Fire & Rescue Revolving Loan Fund to assist in the
purchase of a new Pierce Arrow XT Aerial Tower apparatus, and authorize the
Commissioner President and Staff to execute the necessary documents, with the
understanding that the County Attorney will have approved them for legal
sufficiency prior to execution of the documents.

 Motion by Commissioner John E. O'Connor, second by Commissioner Todd B. Morgan.


 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 G. DEPT. OF FINANCE - Budget Amendment to Realign County Departments' FY2017
Budget for Personal Services Accounts

 I move to approve the budget amendment in the amount of $187,000 realigning
$109,000 in County Departments' personal service accounts and transfer $78,000
to the Commissioners' Emergency Reserve due to salary savings, and authorize the
Commissioner President to execute the related document.

 Motion by Commissioner Todd B. Morgan, second by Commissioner John E. O'Connor.


 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 H. COUNTY ADMINISTRATOR - Appointment to Boards, Committees and Commissions

 I move to appoint the following person to Boards, Committees or Commissions
with the term to expire as indicated.

 Motion by Commissioner Tom Jarboe, second by Commissioner Todd B. Morgan.

 Final Resolution: Motion Carries

 Yea: Commissioners Guy, Hewitt, Jarboe, Morgan, O'Connor

 5. COMMISSIONERS' TIME

 The Commissioners highlighted events attended over the past week and provided
general comments.

 6. ADJOURN

 The meeting adjourned 11:28 am.

 Minutes Approved by the Commissioners of St. Mary's County on __11/1/16____

 _____________SLF_________________________ Sharon Ferris, Senior Administrative
Coordinator



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Programme summary of Yekaterinburg's Yermak TV "Den" news 1840 gmt 24 Dec 14

LENGTH: 421 words


Presenters of "Den": Tatyana Zverzhanskaya and Nikolay Gorbushov.

1. 0150 Headlines over video: emergency stations opens on M5 motorway; banks
hiking mortgage interest rates; New Year gifts for people in eastern Ukraine;
trout farm; and children going to Moscow to attend party at Kremlin.

2. 0225 An emergency station has opened on M5 motorway in Chelyabinsk Region.
Video report shows paramedics participating in an emergency drill mimicking a
car accident.

3. 0455 Banks have started to increase their interest rates on mortgages.
Correspondent meets a man whose bank approved his mortgage application back in
October, but when he collected all required documents for the loan, the interest
rate was higher than he initially expected. Bankers say more people are applying
for mortgages now despite higher interest rates and bigger minimum down
payments.

4. 0740 A batch of humanitarian aid has been dispatched from Novyy Urengoy to
eastern Ukraine. The cargo includes New Year gifts for children.

5. 0835 Outside temperatures on the New Year night might drop to minus 20
degrees Celsius in Tyumen, Kurgan, Chelyabinsk and Sverdlovsk regions.

6. 0935 The government of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area and the Russian
Direct Investment Fund have signed a cooperation agreement. The fund will help
the region attract investors.

7. 1045 A fish farm in Tyumen Region has started to produce rainbow trout. The
fish farm was able to increase production thanks to subsidies from the regional
government. Video report.

8. 1320 More in part two.

9. 1345 A list of blocks of flats that will undergo major renovations next year
has been compiled in Sverdlovsk Region. Video report.

10. 1625 The suburban train operator Sverdlovsk Suburban Company increases fares
in Chelyabinsk, Kurgan and Tyumen regions and the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area
as of 1 January.

11. 1700 Fire inspectors have been checking Surgut shops selling fireworks.
Video report.

12. 1935 The Sverdlovsk Region government plans to buy the Novouralsk truck
factory AMUR that is now going through bankruptcy proceedings.

13. 2035 Innovative technologies for extracting hard-to-get oil will be piloted
at the Bazhenovskoye oil deposit in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area. Video
report.

15. 2320 Fifty new members have joined the Kurgan Region youth parliament.

16. 2405 A hundred and fifty children from Sverdlovsk Region are travelling to
Moscow to take part in a New Year party at the Kremlin.

17. 2645 End of news bulletin.

Source: Yermak TV, Yekaterinburg, in Russian 1840 gmt 24 Dec 14

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The American (Vinita, Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 4, 2011

Senate Minutes...

BYLINE: The American staff

LENGTH: 489  words


When Oklahoma was being slammed with incredibly hot temperatures back in June, I
think a lot of people started worrying then and there if we were seeing
temperatures so hot that early, how bad would August be? August is here, and I
think we already know the answer really, really hot. This is one of those
summers that is taking its toll on all of us in many ways.

In the last week of July, the U.S. Agriculture Department issued a disaster
declaration for 74 out of Oklahoma's 77 counties in response to the drought and
wildfires that have resulted from triple digit heat and lack of significant
rainfall. Although the state had requested the declaration for all 77 counties,
federal officials have not yet included Nowata, Craig and Ottawa counties,
although it is possible as these weather conditions continue that they too will
be added in the declaration.

Those farmers who are in the 74 counties already included in the disaster
designation means they can apply for federal assistance from the Farm Service
Agency, including emergency loans. They would also be eligible for the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program. Those eligible have up to
eight months to apply for emergency loan assistance through their local Farm
Service Agency office.

In addition to the toll the heat is taking on Oklahoma's agriculture industry,
including livestock, it is also extremely dangerous for people. The State Health
Department is reminding everyone to remember to drink more water. Too many of us
fail tor realize how quickly we can become dehydrated in weather like this.
Health officials are urging everyone to drink before you get thirsty, otherwise,
you may become dehydrated before you know it. If possible, limit how much time
you are outdoors, and try to stay in an air-conditioned place. While fans can
provide some help, it may not be enough when indoor temperatures reach the high
90s. If you need to, go to a store, library or mall to cool off during the
hottest hours of the day.

Remember to check frequently on older neighbors and relatives. The elderly and
young children have a more difficult time keeping their bodies cool and are at
particular risk of heat stress and stroke, as are people with other health
conditions including heart disease or high blood pressure.

Signs of heat stress include dizziness, rapid heartbeat, diarrhea, nausea,
cramps, throbbing headache, chest pains, and weakness. Heat stress can lead to
heat stroke, which can cause permanent brain damage and even death. If you or
someone you know has any of these symptoms, call a doctor immediately.

Eventually, we will see cooler temperatures, but that may be a while. In the
meantime, watch out for yourselves and your neighbors as we all continue to
endure triple digit highs throughout the state.

Please feel free to contact me by writing to Senator Charles Wyrick at the State
Capitol, Room 521, Oklahoma City, OK, 73105; call me at (405) 521-5561.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AFT

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 The American


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             August 1, 2000 Tuesday

DISASTER AID AVAILABLE TO VICTIMS OF TORNADO

BYLINE: Todd Nelson Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 450 words


People whose homes or businesses suffered damage in the tornado that ripped
through Granite Falls, Minn., can now apply for federal disaster loans.

The loans, the primary source of aid for those who lost property in the storm,
became available after President Clinton declared Yellow Medicine County, which
includes Granite Falls, a disaster area.

The tornado a week ago today killed one man, injured 15 people and caused at
least $15 million in damage, tearing through farms west of Granite Falls and
plowing up the city's west side with winds estimated at 207 mph.

Most homeowners and renters and all business owners will be referred to the
Small Business Administration, which oversees the loan program, when they
register for disaster assistance.

The SBA offers loans of up to $200,000 to repair homes and up to $40,000 to help
homeowners and renters replace personal property. Businesses and nonprofit
organizations are eligible for loans of up to $1.5 million to repair damage to
real estate, machinery and equipment. Business owners who suffer economic losses
from the storm also can apply for loans. Interest rates on the loans can be as
low as 3.7 percent for homeowners and renters and 4 percent for businesses.
Terms can be up to 30 years.

SBA officials warned homeowners that they should not automatically turn over
insurance settlement checks to their mortgage holders to pay down their
mortgage. Doing so without a letter from the mortgage holder demanding the
action will negatively affect homeowners' ability to receive low-interest
disaster loans from the SBA.

Dakota County status

Meanwhile, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has declared Dakota County an
agricultural disaster area in conjunction with the federal disaster declaration
already in effect after storms that hit July 8 and 9.

Farmers in Dakota County whose crops were damaged in the storms will be eligible
for low-interest federal loans for losses not covered by other insurance. Damage
to trees and soil erosion are not covered. Call the federal Farm Service Agency
at (651) 463-8626.

TORNADO AID
People in Granite Falls can now apply for federal Small Business Administration
disaster loans.

The deadline to apply for damage loans is Aug. 29. Business owners have until
March 30 to apply for loans to cover economic losses.

Disaster victims must first call the Federal Emergency Management Agency at
(800) 462-9029 to register for disaster assistance. Information about the
disaster program is posted on the SBA Web site (www.sba.gov).

The Associated Press contributed to this report. Todd Nelson can be reached at
tanelson@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5575.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Drive Edition

Insurers set up in Moore, prepare for the long haul

BYLINE: JENNIFER PALMER, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: MOORE


MOORE - The insurance industry quickly set up here in a centralized location,
giving tornado victims access to resources and immediate assistance with housing
and other needs.

First Baptist Church of Moore, 301 NE 27, is the command center designated by
the Oklahoma Insurance Department. All major insurers are set up inside, as well
as relief agencies and other resources.

Oklahoma-licensed insurance agents and adjusters need to get an ID card at the
church to be able to access the disaster area, Insurance Commissioner John Doak
said.

The practice was used after Hurricane Katrina and the 2011 Joplin, Mo., tornado
to prevent fraud and enhance security in the disaster area.

Other resources being added to the command center include health insurers,
rental car companies and ATMs.

The insurers will be in Moore for many months, Doak said.

He wasn't able to provide an estimate of the damage yet because search and
rescue is ongoing and many adjusters haven't received access to the area to
begin assessments.

According to the Insurance Information Institute, the May 3, 1999, tornado
resulted in nearly $1 billion in insured claims payouts and generated 146,000
claims.

Monday's tornado damage could exceed that.

State Farm, one of the state's major insurers, is expediting claims. Spokesman
Jim Camoriano said one agent was able to give a policy holder a $5,000 check
Tuesday morning to provide initial money for lodging, food and basic
necessities.

"It gives them a jump-start without interruption to continue their daily life
after a disaster," he said.

State Farm is planning to bring in several hundred claims adjusters from the
company's national catastrophe team, Camoriano said.

Standard homeowners and business insurance policies cover wind damage to
structures of insured buildings and their contents if caused by tornadoes or
thunderstorms.

Help for small businesses

For business owners with no insurance or who have uncompensated losses, the U.S.
Small Business Administration offers long-term, low-interest loans. Businesses
can borrow up to $2 million to repair damaged or destroyed property, equipment
and other items.

Homeowners can qualify for up to $200,000 to repair or replace their homes.
Homeowners and renters are eligible for up to $40,000 to repair or replace
personal property.

Interest rates are as low as 1.875 percent for homeowners and renters and 4
percent for businesses, with terms up to 30 years.

The loans can often be disbursed quicker than insurance claims, said Rick
Jenkins, a spokesman for the SBA disaster office, and cover improvements or
upgrades while rebuilding that insurance didn't cover. The loans can also be
used as working capital until business returns to normal and for hazard
mitigation, which could be to add protection to the structure such as a tornado
shelter.

Victims must first call the Federal Emergency Management Agency at (800)
621-3362. To apply for SBA loans, call (800) 659-2955 or go to
disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.

Aid for agricultural producers

Landowners, farmers, ranchers and producers affected by tornadoes can receive
assistance from the U.S. Agriculture Department. Federal crop insurance covers
tornado damage. Producers need to report losses to their insurance agent within
72 hours.

To apply for assistance, go online to fema.gov/disaster-survivor-assistance.

WHERE TO GET HELP

First Baptist Church of Moore, 301 NE 27.

The church has been turned into a command center, giving victims 24/7 access to
representatives from all major insurance agencies plus relief agencies. State
Farm, Farmers, AAA insurance and other agencies are on site. Insurance agents
and adjusters can also receive an ID card, which is needed to access the
disaster area.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Homeowners insurance will cover many of the property losses incurred in
Monday's tornado. Teams of insurance adjusters have been issued emergency
licenses to deal with the massive number of large claims. This vehicle and home
near SE 4 and Bryant in Moore are among many destroyed by the storm. PHOTO BY
CHRIS LANDSBERGER, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 6, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: JANELLE CARTER

LENGTH: 512 words


WASHINGTON -- A group of senators, troubled by the crisis in farm country, is
considering adding $4.3 billion in emergency aid for farmers to a supplemental
package already moving through Congress. Lawmakers said after an hour-long
meeting that while there is consensus that action is needed to deal with the low
prices plaguing the farm economy, there are concerns about pushing additional
money onto a supplemental bill that has already been delayed for several months.
""Something has got to be done this year,'' said Sen.

Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, one of 14 senators who met privately for more than an
hour Wednesday. ""I think there is a consensus on that.'' ""The question is
timing and how much,'' said Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho. ""The feeling is this
could be bad timing unless this is the only train leaving the station.'' Added
Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., ""This may be the only bite at the apple. There may
only be one supplemental this year.'' The money, if the group is successful,
would be included with $152 million for farm loans already moving through
Congress. That money is attached to an overall supplemental package, which also
has money for Central America disaster victims. Lawmakers have also indicated
they will add about $9 billion for the confrontation in Kosovo. All of the money
would come out of this year's $111 billion surplus, which many lawmakers have
pushed to use for Social Security. The proposal being considered for farmers has
$1.5 billion to make up for a shortfall in last year's disaster package and $2.8
billion in additional market transition payments to compensate for low prices.
""It's the quickest way of getting funds out there,'' Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa,
said of the market transition payments. Farmers already get the payments each
year as part of the 1996 farm law. The money being discussed by senators would
amount to about a 50 percent increase in the annual payment given to farmers.
Last year's emergency package also included $2.8 billion in market transition
payments as well as $2.3 billion in disaster aid. The market payments were
dispersed not long after the bill was passed last fall, but Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman has complained of a burdensome process required to
distribute the disaster payments. Because of the problems, the disaster payments
are not expected to be delivered to farmers until June. Adding to the delay
problem, lawmakers said Wednesday they were recently told by USDA that an
additional $1.5 billion is needed to accommodate the large numbers of eligible
farmers who signed up for disaster aid. Sign-up was only completed last month.
""Those people are not going to get what they thought they were going to get
because there's not sufficient money,'' Conrad said. The supplemental process
has already been contentious and it is unclear whether House budgeters would be
receptive to the Senate idea. The farm loan money has been on hold since March
as lawmakers fought over offsets. Glickman has said that many state farm offices
are already out of money to authorize loans for farmers.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  AUGUST 17, 1999 Tuesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

DROUGHT HOTLINE IS SET UP FOR FARMERS

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


With financial losses and stress on the rise for farmers statewide, Gov. Whitman
established a toll-free hotline yesterday to help them through the drought.

"While we move forward with our efforts to get financial relief to farmers and
to conserve water through the declaration of a drought emergency, we are
offering this immediate solution to coordinate information and answer
questions," Whitman said.

The hotline will be staffed by state Department of Agriculture employees, who
will assist farmers on issues such as registering crop losses and finding
stress-management counselors.

Whitman declared a drought emergency, calling for mandatory restrictions on
outdoor water use, on Aug. 5. Five days later, New Jersey was declared a farm
disaster area by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman. The designation
enables the state's farmers to qualify for federal low-interest loans to cover
part of their losses.

John Rigolizzo Jr., president of the State Farm Bureau, said yesterday that
losses had nearly doubled since the state was given the disaster declaration,
going from $80 million to $150 million in the last week.

"It will take five or six more months to assess all the damage," Rigolizzo said.
"We will hit the $300 million mark by the time this is all over."

Last weekend's rain did provide a little help to the state's rivers. Mercer
County in central New Jersey got more than 5 inches of rain, with most of it
falling Friday night. North Jersey got 1 to 3 inches, and South Jersey averaged
barely an inch.

"We proved that it can rain here," meteorologist Arthur Kraus said at the
National Weather Service in Mount Holly. "There is a chance of more rain in the
forecast later in the week."

But despite the rain, Rigolizzo said most farmers had little to salvage since
three-quarters of the growing season was over. The excessive heat and lack of
rain this summer has stunted or destroyed most crops.

"The heat not only cut into production, but it's also affecting people in buying
stuff," he said. "They don't want to buy anything, like corn, that they have to
cook or boil. People don't even want to get out of their cars."

Rigolizzo said that with little or no income to show for this season, many
debt-ridden farmers were in danger of failing to qualify for loans for next
year's growing season.

The U.S. Small Business Administration yesterday announced that small businesses
that depend on the farming community, such as farm supply stores, equipment
stores, nurseries and trucking companies, are now eligible for federal disaster
loans. Such establishments, which have lost business because farmers are
strapped for cash, can get the loans to help pay their bills or meet expenses.

Realizing the drought's impact on an $800-million-a-year industry, Whitman and
members of the New Jersey congressional delegation have appealed to Congress to
include funding for New Jersey in an agriculture appropriations bill. In its
current form, the bill would provide $7.4 billion in emergency assistance loans
and grants for several other mid-Atlantic states. The bill, which met the
Senate's approval, will go before the House next month when Congress reconvenes.

"We're going to have to find a way not only to get the money, but to get it
expedited so the farmer knows where he stands by the end of the year, so they
can plan and budget for the next growing season," Rigolizzo said.

Assembly Deputy Minority Leader Neil M. Cohen (D., Union ) yesterday called for
a two-bill package that would provide $120 million in drought-relief grants and
low-interest loans and a 12-month grace period on bank foreclosures for the
state's farmers.

"We need to keep the banks and mortgage companies away from the farmer's front
door," Cohen said. "We cannot afford to let our farmers dry up and have their
farms repossessed."

Rigolizzo said any such proposals would need to be implemented immediately to
aid farmers. He expressed concern because the Assembly does not meet again until
after the Nov. 2 elections for all 80 members. The Senate is in recess until
next month.

"A commitment of six to nine months from now is not going to help these guys
out," he said. "The key words are grants and expedite."

Chuck Leitgeb, spokesman for the Assembly Majority office, said that it was too
early to tell when the Assembly would be back in session, but that Speaker Jack
Collins (R., Salem) would take the crisis into account in deciding whether to
hold a special session.

Inside the John Fitch Plaza building in Trenton yesterday, the volume of calls
was light on the first day of the farmers' hotline, said Carol Shipp, chief of
staff for the Agriculture Department.

"Our main focus is to give information to the farming public of services
available," Shipp said. "At the same time, if they feel they are under stress
and pressure from having seen their whole year's income gone down the tubes, we
want to help them with that, too."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                              July 10, 2005 Sunday

Region's farmers continue to dig in

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 558 words


By KAREN SHUEY

Staff Writer

It was a devastating blow, they admit, but a year after a tornado swept through
the rural region, some local farmers have rebuilt their lives, while others
continue their struggle.

The twister's winds, in excess of 170 mph, left parts of houses and garages and
innumerable personal belongings strewn over the farm fields of South Londonderry
and South Annville townships.

At the Brandt farm along Route 322 in South Annville, nine cows were killed, and
several outbuildings, including the dairy barn and several silos, were damaged.
The farm, operated by David Brandt, received federal aid, and, a year later,
things are almost back to normal, Brandt said.

"We still have some gates to hang, and parts of the outbuilding need to be
redone, but some improvements have actually been made because of the storm," he
said. "Thankfully, we received enough aid from the federal government through
loans and grants to cover our rebuilding expenses."

Yet, Brandt said, the outbuildings would probably not be able to withstand heavy
winds like those of July 14, 2004, even with the improvements.

Although the farm has returned to normal, vacant land still marks the spot where
three acres of trees and several outbuildings used to be on Michael Heisey's
farm at 183 Lawn Road in South Londonderry.

Heisey is still trying to recover from storm damage that was not covered by his
insurance. He said he had limited coverage on his outbuildings, so the aid he
received was not enough to rebuild.

"This past year had been pretty depressing because it's disheartening to see 30
years of hard work destroyed in one day," Heisey said. "We have to start from
scratch all over again."

Both landowners said they will observe the one-year anniversary of the storm by
attending picnics with friends and family.

"After this storm, I gained a new perspective on the hardships of farming,"
Brandt said. "Now, when I hear about tornadoes sweeping through other regions, I
have compassion for the farmers that will go through the same thing we did."

State officials estimated last year's storm left more than $5 million in damage
to farm equipment and structures and nearly $4 million to crops. Crop damage was
reported in South Londonderry, South Annville, South Lebanon, Heidelberg,
Millcreek, North Cornwall and Jackson townships and the borough of Cornwall.

The state government gave the farmers of Lebanon County a break by granting
lower-interest loans from the federal government.

Gov. Ed Rendell and U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman declared the
county a federal agricultural disaster area because of the storm damage. The
disaster declaration allowed local farmers to apply for a loan known as
Emergency Physical Loss Loans from the federal Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency.

"The tornado hit such a small area that most federal agriculture disaster
assistance wasn't available because the entire county must be included to
receive aid," explained Julie Holland, the Lebanon County Farm Services Agency's
executive director. "We only had a handful of county farmers participate in the
programs."

In order to receive aid, landowners had to have a 35 percent loss of production,
Holland said.

Farmers can still apply for Emergency Physical Loss Loans until Aug. 1.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Lebanon Daily News


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday
                               Advertiser Edition

Farmers desperate for help

BYLINE: NIGEL AUSTIN RURAL EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 434  words


DROUGHT-STRICKEN Far North pastoralists sweltering through 40-degree heat this
week have called for freight rebates for fodder and water to help keep their
cattle alive.

Oodnadatta cattle producer Donnagh Clarke said yesterday it was devastating
trying to keep stock alive as temperatures soared above 40 degrees.

Mrs Clarke said the SA Government had refused the industry's call for emergency
water and fodder freight rebates despite SA's Far North pastoral areas only
receiving a fraction of their annual rainfall since February last year.

"We've been calling for fodder assistance like Queensland, which has had it
since May, but the State Government refuses to recognise that drought exists in
the Far North," she said.

"We also need an emergency water rebate to help us put in a new water system so
we can move cattle to an area where there is feed, but we can't afford it
without support." Allandale received 48mm of rain in February 2012 and 84.8mm
for the year, while this year it has received just 59mm as it endures its second
severe drought in seven years, following the long-running millennium drought.

Mrs Clarke said government support to help maintain livestock was critical to
their future because when the drought broke, if they didn't have a cattle herd
they wouldn't be able to produce any income. "The Minister for Agriculture says
she won't bring those freight rebates in because it distorts the system," Mrs
Clarke said.

"What is distorting the system is the Queensland pastoralists coming here to buy
hay because they can get emergency water and freight rebates for fodder and
they're pushing up the price for us.

"We're saying if we can get rebates we can maintain cattle in a healthy store
condition so when it does rain they are ready to go again. If you start losing
your breeder herd, you have no hope of getting out of it." Agriculture Minister
Gail Gago said the State Government recognised the difficult situation Far North
farmers faced and it was about to open applications for eligible farmers to
apply for Farm Finance Concessional Loans.

"South Australia will deliver the Federal Government's $50 million Concessional
Loans package in which five-year loans for amounts between $200,000 and $650,000
will be available for SA farm businesses to restructure up to 50 per cent of
their eligible debt," she said.

Family First MP Rob Brokenshire said it had been clear for many months there was
a serious drought in the Far North and urged the State Government to provide
emergency funding to pastoral areas.ARE YOU DOING IT TOUGH IN THE DROUGHT? SHARE
YOUR STORY AT ADVERTISER.COM.AU

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday
                              Advertiser2 Edition

Farmers desperate for help

BYLINE: NIGEL AUSTIN RURAL EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 434  words


DROUGHT-STRICKEN Far North pastoralists sweltering through 40-degree heat this
week have called for freight rebates for fodder and water to help keep their
cattle alive.

Oodnadatta cattle producer Donnagh Clarke said yesterday it was devastating
trying to keep stock alive as temperatures soared above 40 degrees.

Mrs Clarke said the SA Government had refused the industry's call for emergency
water and fodder freight rebates despite SA's Far North pastoral areas only
receiving a fraction of their annual rainfall since February last year.

"We've been calling for fodder assistance like Queensland, which has had it
since May, but the State Government refuses to recognise that drought exists in
the Far North," she said.

"We also need an emergency water rebate to help us put in a new water system so
we can move cattle to an area where there is feed, but we can't afford it
without support." Allandale received 48mm of rain in February 2012 and 84.8mm
for the year, while this year it has received just 59mm as it endures its second
severe drought in seven years, following the long-running millennium drought.

Mrs Clarke said government support to help maintain livestock was critical to
their future because when the drought broke, if they didn't have a cattle herd
they wouldn't be able to produce any income. "The Minister for Agriculture says
she won't bring those freight rebates in because it distorts the system," Mrs
Clarke said.

"What is distorting the system is the Queensland pastoralists coming here to buy
hay because they can get emergency water and freight rebates for fodder and
they're pushing up the price for us.

"We're saying if we can get rebates we can maintain cattle in a healthy store
condition so when it does rain they are ready to go again. If you start losing
your breeder herd, you have no hope of getting out of it." Agriculture Minister
Gail Gago said the State Government recognised the difficult situation Far North
farmers faced and it was about to open applications for eligible farmers to
apply for Farm Finance Concessional Loans.

"South Australia will deliver the Federal Government's $50 million Concessional
Loans package in which five-year loans for amounts between $200,000 and $650,000
will be available for SA farm businesses to restructure up to 50 per cent of
their eligible debt," she said.

Family First MP Rob Brokenshire said it had been clear for many months there was
a serious drought in the Far North and urged the State Government to provide
emergency funding to pastoral areas.ARE YOU DOING IT TOUGH IN THE DROUGHT? SHARE
YOUR STORY AT ADVERTISER.COM.AU

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 5 Counties in Arkansas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated five counties in Arkansas as
primary natural disaster areas in two separate designations due to damages and
losses caused by several disasters.


"Our hearts go out to those Arkansas farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Arkansas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Designation #1


USDA has designated four counties in Arkansas as primary natural disaster areas
due to damages and losses caused by frost and freezing temperatures that
occurred April 18-22, 2013.


The counties are:
Ashley

Benton

Calhoun

Washington


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arkansas also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Bradley

Chicot

Crawford

Drew
Carroll

Cleveland

Dallas

Madison
Union

Ouachita




Farmers and ranchers in the following parishes and counties in Louisiana,
Missouri and Oklahoma also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their
counties are contiguous. Those counties are:


Louisiana
Morehouse, Union


Missouri
Barry, McDonald


Oklahoma
Adair, Delaware


Designation #2


USDA has designated Monroe County in Arkansas as a primary natural disaster area
due to damages and losses caused by high winds, hail and a tornado that occurred
April 27, 2013.


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Arkansas also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Arkansas

Phillips

St. Francis
Lee

Prairie

Woodruff


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas June 5, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.


Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA
Service Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and
application procedures for these and other programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

USDA Designates 3 Colorado Counties as Contiguous Disaster Areas Due to Drought

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of The Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Michael Bennet announced today that the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has designated Garfield County, Moffat County, and Rio Blanco
County as contiguous disaster areas due to drought. The designation makes farm
operators in these counties eligible to be considered for federal assistance,
including Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans.

"Producers on Colorado's western slope have faced drought conditions that are
damaging their goods and hurting local economies," Bennet said. "These disaster
designations will allow farmers and ranchers to access critical assistance to
help them deal with any losses to crops or livestock."

Producers in counties designated as primary or contiguous disaster areas are
eligible to be considered for FSA emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties
have eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to apply for
assistance. Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers and ranchers with
additional information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 28, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

Farm Bills Clear House And Senate;
Both Chambers Defy Threat of a Veto In Passing Measures

BYLINE: By Helen Dewar and Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 983 words


Both houses of Congress, defying veto threats from the White House, yesterday
approved emergency credit relief for debt-ridden farmers facing bankruptcy on
the eve of the spring planting season.

While the 318-to-103 vote in the Democratic-controlled House came as no
surprise, successive votes of 54 to 45 and 50 to 48 in the Republican-run Senate
amounted to major defeats for President Reagan and Senate Majority Leader Robert
J. Dole (R-Kan.), who had lobbied hard against the aid measures.

Presidential spokesman Larry Speakes told reporters that Reagan's advisers will
be unanimous in recommending a veto of what Speakes called the "budget-busting"
legislation.

However, the veto threat, coupled with the fact that the Senate votes fell short
of the two-thirds required to override a veto, cast doubt over whether the
measures will become law.

Dole predicted they will not, and in a last-minute maneuver the Senate
leadership sent its bill to conference with the House in a form that could
enable the farm provisions to be stricken.

The measures, approved in different form by the two houses, would provide
additional funds for farm-loan guarantees, ease terms for both direct government
loans and federal guarantees of commercial loans and force a speedup in
processing the aid. The House approved $3 billion in additional loan guarantees;
the Senate approved $1.8 billion.

They would also allow farmers to get half their price-support loans, up to
$50,000 per farmer, in the spring instead of after the fall harvest, as current
law provides.

In addition, the Senate measure would provide $100 million to subsidize lower
interest rates for commercial loans, which critics called a bank bailout. The
House bill does not contain a similar provision.

Congressional approval of the measures followed an intense lobbying effort by
midwestern farmers and public officials, including virtually the entire South
Dakota legislature, on behalf of the legislation.

Yesterday farm state lawmakers planted white crosses near the White House in a
mock funeral for farms that they said go bankrupt each day.

In vain, Dole angrily reproached his colleagues for approving the emergency farm
aid when Senate leaders are trying to find a way to reduce federal deficits.

"If the membership doesn't care about deficits, I'm not sure the leadership
does," Dole said. "We're demonstrating we don't have the will to face up to the
deficit."

Despite Dole's comments, the Senate voted, 55 to 43, against a proposal by Sen.
Phil Gramm (R-Tex.) to prevent implementation of the farm legislation if it
would add to federal deficits.

House members also indicated that heavy lobbying by politically powerful groups
would likely continue to pay off, despite pressures to reduce deficits by
containing spending. "In government, the squeaky wheel gets the grease," said
House Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.).

The House measure was approved as a separate bill; the Senate provisions were
attached to a bill providing $175 million in disaster and refugee relief for
starving Africans, which was finally approved, 62 to 35. The House approved a
similar African relief bill earlier this week.

Even without the farm provisions, the White House had indicated that Reagan may
veto the African relief legislation as too costly.

The House bill, authored by Rep. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), was approved after
three hours of nearly unanimous praise for the measure as much-needed short-term
relief for farm areas.

In the final vote, 234 Democrats and 84 Republicans voted for the bill; 10
Democrats and 93 Republicans voted against it.

In addition to authorizing spring advances on fall price-support loans, the
House bill would expand the federal loan-guarantee program, allowing the
government to guarantee an addition $3 billion in loans to farmers who would be
unable to get credit otherwise.

It would speed up the time for processing loans, provide for reduced interest
rates to victims of multiple weather disasters and ease the terms for existing
debt-adjustment programs.

"This bill is not going to bail out the big banks . . . it is not going to break
the budget . . . it is not going to provide a long-term solution," Daschle said.
"What is will do is build a bridge in the hope that it will lead to a vastly
improved farm economy very soon."

"This is a Band-Aid approach, but it's also a matter of survivability," said
Rep. E. Thomas Coleman (R-Mo.). "If we don't provide this survival kit today,
we'll see thousands upon thousands" of farmers going under.

But a few GOP lawmakers, reflecting White House concern about the potential
price tag of the bill, said the legislation was too costly and unnecessary in
light of recent administration initiatives designed to help farmers.

Administration officials have said the bill could cost $1.6 billion to $9
billion over the next two years, depending on how many farmers paid back
federally guaranteed loans. But the Congressional Budget Office estimated the
cost at $455 million over the next five years.

Rep. Delbert L. Latta (R-Ohio), ranking Republican on the House Budget
Committee, said the adminstration had determined that the measures would cause
"a substantial increase in federal spending" and termed the provision allowing
farmers to get fall price-support loans this spring "unprecedented."

But Rep. Vin Weber (R-Minn.), responding to charges that the bill was a
"bailout," said, "it is simply not the case . . . . We are talking today about
good, efficient, honest people who are in trouble . . . through no fault of
their own."

Eight Senate Republicans broke ranks to vote for the farm measure. They were
Mark Andrews (N.D.), Charles E. Grassley (Iowa), Larry Pressler (S.D.), James
Abdnor (S.D.), Robert W. Kasten Jr. (Wis.), John C. Danforth (Mo.), David F.
Durenberger (Minn.) and Lowell P. Weicker Jr. (Conn.).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hazard Herald (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

Southeastern Kentucky farmers may be eligible for drought aid

BYLINE: The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Dec. 06--FRANKFORT -- Farmers in 10 southeastern Kentucky counties may be
eligible for federal aid under an agricultural disaster declaration issued as a
result of the ongoing drought throughout the Commonwealth.

"The drought that has gripped Kentucky in recent months has been especially hard
on farmers," Agriculture Commissioner Ryan Quarles said. "Crops have been
affected, and livestock producers have been forced to feed hay earlier than
usual because their pastures are depleted. This aid will provide much-needed
resources for Kentucky farmers."

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack notified Gov. Matt Bevin by letter that
Vilsack has designated Bell, McCreary, and Whitley counties as agricultural
disaster areas. Farmers in counties contiguous to those counties also may be
eligible for aid; those counties are Clay, Harlan, Knox, Laurel, Leslie,
Pulaski, and Wayne, as well as Campbell, Claiborne, and Scott counties in
Tennessee and Lee County in Virginia.

A Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in the primary and
contiguous counties eligible to be considered for certain aid, including
emergency loans, from the U.S. Farm Service Agency (FSA). Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for
emergency loans. For more information on available aid, contact your local FSA
office or go to fsa.usda.gov.

Commissioner Quarles said the Kentucky Department of Agriculture (KDA) is
working closely with federal and state agencies, agricultural organizations,
weather forecasters, and emergency management officials to monitor local
conditions. "We are grateful to Governor Bevin, Kentucky's congressional
delegation, and our agricultural leaders for helping make this disaster aid
available," Commissioner Quarles said. "The wildfires in eastern Kentucky have
been the primary concern, but our leaders also were mindful of the drought's
impact on agriculture, and we appreciate their consideration."

The KDA operates an online hay/forage sales directory where farmers who need to
buy forages can search by county. Entries contain information on the nutritional
and energy levels of the forages offered for sale. To search for available
forages for sale, go to kyagr.com/buyky/hay-search.aspx.

Commissioner Quarles also has activated the Hay Hotline for farmers who need to
find hay or who want to make hay available for sale. For more information about
the Hay Hotline, or to post hay for sale, go to
kyagr.com/marketing/hay-hotline.html or call (502) 782-4110.

___ (c)2016 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161206-ZD-Southeastern-Kentucky-farmers-may-be-eligible-for-drought-aid-1206-2
0161206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                        Copyright 2016 The Hazard Herald


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 31, 2008 Friday

Emergency farm loans available

SECTION: TODAY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 127 words


The Capital-Journal

Farmers in several northeast Kansas communities who suffered crop or livestock
losses from this past spring's tornadoes and floods can apply for Farm Service
Agency emergency loans.

Loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations, equipment,
livestock or buildings . FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy
feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock or to make payments on real estate and chattel
debts .

Farmers in Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and
Shawnee counties who think they might qualify for loans should make their
applications at the FSA County Office, 343 W. 23rd, Ottawa, Kan., between 8 a.m.
and 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.

Applications will be accepted until March 9.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Rural towns get needed dough tossed their way

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 913 words


When Mike Brady opened Pelican Jo's Pizzeria in Windsor in 2011, money was so
tight he couldn't even afford a menu board. The country was battling back from
the Great Recession, and getting a bank loan seemed impossible.

"If you walked into a bank and said you wanted to open a restaurant, it was like
cockroaches when the lights went on," he said.

Help came from a surprising source: the federal farm bill, which includes a pool
of money to help improve the economic stability of rural communities and small
towns across America.

In February 2012, Brady landed a $30,000 loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, which got him through the rough business start.

"That made a huge difference," he said. "Since then, we've tripled our volume
and doubled our workforce."

The farm bill, better known for funding things such as food stamps and farm
subsidies, is also the rural bill. It funds the USDA Rural Development program
the so called "venture capitalist for rural America" which helps build or
support such community essentials as fire stations, schools, libraries and
medical clinics. More than $400 million flowed into Colorado in fiscal 2013.

"It's critical to the fabric of rural Colorado," said U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet,
a Democrat in the Senate's Agriculture Committee who also served on the Farm
Bill Conference Committee. "This program enables people to have access to
resources they'd otherwise not have."

Entrepreneurs are important to rural life, and even tiny businesses are getting
help. Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, created in 2008, provides
small loans to enterprises that have fewer than 10 employees and can't get
conventional credit.

"So many of our rural towns, particularly the one stoplight towns, are
(dominated) by small business," said U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, R Yuma. "The local
grain operator and the hospital are usually the biggest (places), but the rest
are businesses with one or two people."

Many of the farm bill's rural development programs are designed to work with
local banks in public private partnerships, he said, and the "strong foundation"
of a USDA loan or grant often attracts support from community businesses.

In Colorado, farm bill funding for rural development has bolstered a range of
resources, including a preschool in Bayfield, a domestic abuse safehouse in
Dillon and the Axis Health System in Cortez, which provides integrated health
care services to people in Dolores and Montezuma counties.

Even the smallest amounts of money can make a huge difference.

The Milliken Fire Protection District received a $5,000 USDA grant that allowed
it to buy a new 40 kilowatt generator just installed in January to keep systems
running during a power outage.

When the power went out during a big snowstorm a few years ago, firefighters had
to pull the manual release to get the bay doors open for the trucks to get out.
Luckily, power didn't go out during the September floods, when Milliken was an
island surrounded by water for about five days and residents from mobile home
parks had to be evacuated.

"If we'd have lost power, we would have been stuck," said Fire Chief Ron
Bateman. "Beyond getting the doors open for the trucks to get out, we need the
ability to keep the engines charged up."

Computers are essential in such emergencies, especially those in fire engines
that help firefighters use mapping tools to get to a scene and to process new
information when they arrive. Parked in the bay, the engines are plugged into a
line to keep the batteries fully charged.

"That generator will allow us to run an emergency operations center and command
post," said Bateman. "That is super important for a place as small as Milliken."

In Summit County, financing from the USDA Rural Development program helped the
nonprofit Advocates for Victims of Assault to purchase space for new offices and
a new safehouse in Dillon for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.

"We can serve more people," legal advocate Lori Schiefen said. "We also have
more storage space. Before, we didn't have any way to store food, coats and
toilet paper."

"We are a resort community," Schiefen said of Dillon, "so we have a lot of
resort workers and families here, and also there's a huge influx of people
during the ski season. Domestic violence (also) happens when people are on
vacation."

Farm bill funding also helped create the Haxtun Community Childcare Center,
which has attracted more residents.

"People would take a job in town, then come to Haxtun and ask about day care,
then not take the job," said Christi Anne Gibson, a founding board member of the
child care center.

The center got a $50,000 grant to help purchase equipment and a $50,000 loan at
a lower than market interest rate to help with operating costs during its first
few years .

"We created six jobs and now have 125 children," said Gibson. "It's attracting
(young people) back to our community."

In Windsor, Brady's eatery is thriving despite competition from seven other
pizzerias.

"We're right in the middle of the whole oil and gas boom, which has brought a
lot of employees and a lot of money into the area," he said.

But during those rough startup years, that USDA loan relieved his financial
worries. Without it, he said, "I don't know if I would have survived as a
business."

Colleen O'Connor: 303 954 1083, coconnor@denverpost.com or
twitter.com/coconnordp

How to apply

For more information about USDA loans and grants, call the Colorado Rural
Development Office at 720 544 2903.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stacie Blake throws dough while Chris Autrey prepares a pepperoni pizza
at Pelican Jo's Pizzeria in Windsor, which got a $30,000 USDA loan in 2012.
Helen H. Richardson, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Louisiana: USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Baton Rouge: Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Louisiana has issued the following news release:



 Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner Mike Strain, D.V.M., said the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) declared Natchitoches Parish a primary natural
disaster area due to a recent drought.



 In accordance with section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act, additional areas were named as contiguous disaster parishes.
They are: Bienville, Desoto, Grant, Rapides, Red River, Sabine, Vernon and Winn.




 Strain said farmers and ranchers located in both primary and contiguous
parishes are eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
areas have 8 months from the disaster declaration date, Sept. 30, 2015, to apply
for the emergency loans.



 &ldquo;Our farmers and ranchers face great challenges with every seed they sow
and animal they nurture all for the purpose of providing food and fiber for
people like you and me,&rdquo; Strain said. &ldquo;This assistance will provide
much needed relief to producers.&rdquo;



 Strain urged farmers and ranchers who may be eligible to contact their local
parish FSA office for further information. Additional information is also
available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 8, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK ACKNOWLEDGES FARM PROBLEMS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 761 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 7


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today that American farmers could not
expect much improvement this year in the prices they receive but would enjoy
better times in the long run if they supported President Reagan's new farm
policy and his efforts to reduce the deficit.

Appearing before the Joint Economic Committee of Congress to discuss the state
of the farm economy, Mr. Block agreed with committee members that agriculture
was still in a deep depression, not sharing the recovery of the rest of the
economy.

Asked how soon this would change, he replied: ''It's hard to say. But if
Congress has the courage to address the deficit and reduce it, interest rates
will come down. We will see some change in the strength of the dollar and we
will see more sales of our farm commodities. That will mean an improvement in
farm income. Reducing the deficit is really the best farm program we could
write.''

Senator James Abdnor, a South Dakota Republican who will be up for re-election
next year, told Mr. Block he was ''frightened'' by the lack of confidence among
his farmer-constituents, ''even those who are not going bankrupt.'' He asked
when their confidence might be restored by an improving farm economy.

'We Expect Continued Declines'

''We expect,'' the Secretary replied, ''that we will see increasing proportions
of farmers with financial problems, continued declines in farm asset values,
increasing proportions of farm debt in trouble and increasing problems of lender
distress.''

The President's budget for the fiscal year 1986 calls for gradual lowering of
income-subsidy payments to grain and cotton farmers as well as a sharp reduction
in price-support loans to rates below average free market prices. The per bushel
loan rate becomes a floor under American grain and cotton prices because farmers
forfeit their crop to the Government as payment for the loan rather than sell
their crop at a lower free market price.

The proposed cuts in farm aid would reduce the Government's commodity support
costs by at least $4.3 billion in the fiscal year 1986 according to the
Agriculture Department's estimates. An Administration farm bill including these
cuts is to be introduced the week of Feb. 18, Mr. Block said Wednesday.

In response to Senator Abdnor, the Secretary said that ''in the short run''
farmers would ''have to expect the same prices or maybe lower ones.''

'Sales Will Increase'

''Next year,'' he said, ''lower loan levels will mean lower prices on grain and
cotton. But that will mean we'll be more competitive in the export markets,
sales will increase and farmers will earn more, even at lower prices.''

''During this transition, they'll have deficiency payments to help,'' the
Secretary added, referring to farm subsidies, ''even if those are at lower
levels than now.''

Price support loan and subsidy levels on 1985 crops have already been set at the
same rates as last year. But Mr. Block said this would not prevent a further
decline in the farm economy the rest of this year.

At a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing on the competitive position of
American agriculture in world markets, Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel
Amstutz said he was confident that the world could use all the commodities this
country's farmers could produce. But he added that they would have to get their
prices down to take advantage of this demand.

He said the strength of the dollar, which has made American exports more costly
to foreign buyers, was a factor in the slipping farm economy.

New Credit Plan Critized

''But our own farm programs are far more important,'' he said. ''Currently our
price support system provides our competitors with price protection they could
get no other way. They know that we won't sell below those price support levels,
so they have clear sailing in underselling us.''

At still another hearing on the farm crisis, this one before a House Agriculture
subcomittee, farm-state members of both parties as well as spokesmen for the
banking organizations said the expanded emergency farm credit package outlined
by Mr. Block yesterday might help slightly but did not go far enough.

The subcommittee chairman, Representative Ed Jones, Democrat of Tennessee, said
he expected a much wider credit emergency plan to be introduced soon after
Congress returns from a recess Feb. 19.

Other members said they would introduce legislation offering price support loans
in advance of the corn, cotton and soybean planting season that begins in late
March.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 21, 1999, Tuesday

Another round of rain hits region's 'hammered' farms

BYLINE: VICTORIA CHERRIE, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 611 words


As rain showers further drenched Duplin County Monday afternoon Bryant Spivey
maneuvered his dark green pickup wherever he could, assessing crop damage and
livestock loss on devastated farms across the rural county.

His truck a mobile office, the Duplin County agriculture extension agent has the
grim task of meeting with farmers. Many have lost everything, or at least as
much as they can see until the floodwaters recede.

Statewide, the N.C. Department of Agriculture estimates more than 100,000 hogs,
or about 1 percent of the state's annual production, has been lost from
Hurricane Floyd. About 2.4 million chickens, which equals a day's production,
more than 3,500 laying hens, and 498,000 turkeys have also been lost.

"The numbers are likely to get worse before they get better," he said. "The
county's in terrible shape."

According to a preliminary assessment of the crops visible in Duplin County,
about $ 5.5 million has been lost in about 2,000 acres of tobacco crops still
left in the field. Farmers have also lost about 80 percent or $ 8.5 million in
cotton crops and an additional $ 5.5 million in soybeans.

"This is really a catastrophic situation," Mr. Spivey said.

Although crop damage is minimal in New Hanover County where several horse farms
have been flooded, lost crops are widespread throughout Onslow, Pender,
Brunswick and Columbus counties where the fear of more hogs and cattle drowning
or starving grows daily.

"We've been hammered, hammered hard," said Wilbur Earp, owner of Funston Farms
in Winnabow. "It looks like a total wipeout."

Although little or no livestock has been lost in Brunswick County, Phil Ricks,
director of Cooperative Extension for Brunswick County, said some of the animals
could starve if feed trucks can't get through because of flooded streets. Mr.
Earp said his hog and cattle can survive until about Wednesday when he hopes
trucks with feed can get through.

Agents assessing damage in Brunswick County have had their own problems getting
to some of the farms, he said.

"Until the water gets out of here, we won't be able to assess it all," he said.

Luckily, most corn in Brunswick County was already harvested before the storm,
but there is little remaining from what was left in the fields. Most of the
tobacco also was harvested, but some crops have been lost when farmers lost
power to barns where the leaves are cured.

In Columbus County, agents say there is extensive damage to sweet potato and
corn crops. Cotton and soybeans, which can't sustain much water, were also
heavily damaged.

Once damage reports are compiled, farmers will have recourse through emergency
loans provided by the U.S. Farm Service Agency and U.S. Department of
Agriculture disaster relief programs.

"Historically there is little money available for agricultural losses," Mr.
Ricks said.

Coke Gray, executive director of the Farm Service Agency for Brunswick and
Columbus counties, said once an area is designated for the relief it could take
farmers between six and nine months to get paid.

In the meantime, the agency, which maintains farm records, offers emergency
loans to farmers who qualify. The loans, which must be repaid, can help
refinance current debts and pay off other loans.

But even with loans and disaster relief, farmers struggle to get by.

The constant battle against weather is hard for farmers like Mr. Earp but he
said he and his family are thankful their problems aren't as bad as others whose
homes and relatives have been swallowed by the floods.

"We just borrow against equity and keep going," Mr. Earp said. "You just have to
take it one day at a time."


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Tobacco destroyed by Hurricane Floyd droops in a field along N.C. 11 in
rural Pender County.; TOM JORDAN. Electrical linemen work in high water to
restore power Monday in the Stag Park area of Pender County. The eight-man crew
included workers from Four County EMC, Aberdeen and upstate New York.
Staff photos / MARK COURTNEY. Rain clouds begin to dump more water on flooded
crops and homes Monday in the Wallace area of Duplin County. Beleaguered farmers
were bracing for another deluge from a tropical weather system as the crop
damage estimate for Duplin County alone neared $ 20 million for tobacco, cotton
and soybeans.;

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2007 Tuesday

Farm loans available for May storm damage

BYLINE: Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 174 words


Jul. 17--Farmers in Douglas County and other eligible counties who suffered
losses to crops or livestock because of severe storms and flooding from May 4 to
May 18 can apply for emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency.

Loans can be used to replace items such as equipment, livestock or buildings,
including homes. Loans for production losses may be used to buy feed, seed,
fertilizer or livestock, or to make payments on real estate and other debts.

Applications for assistance will be accepted until Feb. 1. The Douglas County
Farm Service Agency is at 1217 Biltmore Drive, Lawrence, and can be reached by
calling 843-4260.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070717-LW-0717-Farm-loans-available-for-May-storm-damage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2007 Journal-World


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Mixed reaction to latest drought funding

BYLINE: Wendy Spooner

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 451 words


FARMERS have welcomed the latest drought infrastructure funding saying it's a
good start but it needs more substantial support.

The chairman of the Pilliga Drought Committee says while further action to help
farmers in recent days from both state and federal governments was welcome, it
was still only "window dressing", in part.

Committee chairman Graeme McNair said the extra $20 million announced yesterday
by the NSW government for the Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate scheme was
"very good".

But, he said, "the only thing is there's an awful lot of us have no finance at
all and you have to pay your contractor up front to get the money back".

Eligible farmers will be able to apply for a rebate of up to 50 per cent of the
cost of installing on-farm emergency water infrastructure, up to a cap of
$20,000. It will close on June 30 or when the $20 million in funding is fully
allocated.

The news followed the federal government announcement that interest rates on
loans delivered under the farm finance concessional loans scheme and the drought
concessional loans scheme will fall to 4.34 and 3.84 per cent respectively from
February 1.

But Mr McNair said that was only "window dressing".

"We don't believe it would make any difference at all," he said.

The Pilliga and Narrabri area was still gripped by drought, despite excellent
rainfall since Christmas in other nearby areas, for example, 200mm at Bundella
and Premer on the Liverpool Plains.

"We've had no rain since early December, in a triangle fanning out from
Narrabri," Mr McNair said.

NSW Farmers president Fiona Simson said yesterday's announcement by the NSW
government, although not including everything farmers needed like fodder and
freight rebates, was a good start.

"On the face of it ... the government has had virtually nothing in place in
terms of in-drought support since the end of June when the previous water rebate
finished," Mrs Simson said.

Crucially, she said the fram- ing of the drought by the NSW government as a
"one-in-50-year rainfall deficiency or greater" event as experienced on each
farm instead of the local government area now finally meant the two tiers of
government state and federal were using the same "yardstick".

The NSW Government was now "recognising" the drought was occurring.

"The indication given by government is that the one-in-50-year will include the
North West, New England and North Coast - about 8000 landholders," Mrs Simson
said.

The $20 million for the water infrastructure rebate includes money to build dams
and to de-silt dams, which wasn't the case in the previous 2013-14 funding which
ended in June 2014.

"If you're dependant on surface water, dams and de-silting are very important,"
she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

State Briefs

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 486 words


LOUP POWER RATES INCREASING 5.1 PERCENT

COLUMBUS - Loup Power District is raising its average residential rates 5.1
percent next week, which amounts to about $4.12 a month.

A district news release says the overall increase for its customers is 6.6
percent.

It says the increase reflects a nearly 10 percent increase in what it costs the
district to buy electricity from Nebraska Public Power District.

This month, NPPD said it was raising rates to its wholesale customers by 12
percent, starting April 1.

NPPD says rising fuel and energy costs, higher demand and the higher costs of
replacement power after the late December 2006 ice storms are forcing the
increase.

The Loup district serves Boone, Colfax, Nance, and Platte counties, and part of
Madison County.

POLICE IDENTIFY INJURED VICTIM IN MALL SHOOTING

OMAHA - Omaha police have identified another victim injured in the Dec. 5
shooting at Westroads Mall.

Elizabeth Robinson, 52, of Omaha was struck by fragments and sought medical
attention on her own. Robinson was hit in the forehead, but police didn't have
further details Friday on her injuries.

Robert Hawkins, 19, shot 12 people inside the Von Maur department store, killing
eight and wounding four. He also shot and killed himself.

The United Way of the Midlands this week sent $15,000 checks to 12 families of
people who were killed or hurt.

The same families also received $5,000 checks from the Von Maur Victims Fund
last week.

Donations to the victims' fund topped $974,000 on Friday. Contributions to the
fund can be made online at www.vonmaurvictimsfund.org.

THREE COUNTIES ELIGIBLE FOR USDA LOANS

Farmers in three Southeast Nebraska counties can apply for low-interest
emergency loans due to physical and production losses caused by an ice and snow
storm Dec. 6.

Milton Rogers, state executive officer of the Farm Service Agency, said farmers
in Nemaha, Otoe and Richardson counties will be eligible for assistance because
those counties border one or more of the 42 Missouri counties declared a major
disaster area by President Bush.

Emergency loan applications can be submitted through county FSA offices by
farmers with eligible losses.

Information about the loans and other FSA farm loan programs is available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/dafl.

LAW CHANGES RULES OF THE ROAD FOR TEENAGERS

LINCOLN - Teen drivers will soon have to follow a few more rules when they get
behind the wheel.

State senators passed a bill earlier this year restricting teen drivers. It goes
into effect Jan. 1.

Teens can be ticketed if they're talking on the phone or text messaging while
they're driving. And for the first six months after they're licensed, young
drivers also can't have someone under 19 in the car with them unless they are
family members.

New drivers also will need 50 hours of supervised driving or a driver's safety
course. And they'll have to wait for six months after they get their learner's
permit to get a driver's license.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 227  words



HIGHLIGHT: Federal government assistance at hand through support package


PRIME Minister Tony Abbott announced the Federal Government's assistance package
on the morning of Wednesday, February 26.

Mr Abbott said Australian farmers suffering through the crippling drought would
be able to access greater government assistance sooner as part of a $320 million
comprehensive drought support package.

The package will provide:

More generous criteria for accessing income support will be made available to
farmers from 3 March 2014 instead of 1 July 2014.

Drought Concessional Loans totalling $280 million will be allocated to give
eligible farm businesses the resources to recover from the effects of drought.

To assist drought affected farms to access water, $12 million will be added to
existing emergency water infrastructure schemes, including supplementing those
in Queensland and NSW.

$10 million in assistance will be available for pest management in drought
affected areas.

$10.7 million will help increase access to social and mental health services in
communities affected by this drought.

Whist the package is entirely funded by the Federal Government, the drought
concessional loans, emergency water infrastructure and pest management
assistance schemes will be administered through the QRAA (in Queensland). The
other income support and social assistance programs will be administered by the
Federal Department of Social Services.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 3, 1993, Monday, City Edition

Don't make assumptions when it comes to coverage

BYLINE: BERNICE STENGLE; JUDY STARK

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS primer; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 484 words



Another in a weekly series designed to help readers with business terminology

Q. What is the difference between homeowners insurance and flood insurance?

A. Basically, there are three types of homeowners insurance, said Jill
Chamberlin of the Florida Department of Insurance. These include cash value
policies, which pay a depreciated value on the structure and contents;
replacement coverage, which pays up to a predetermined amount of the policy;
and guaranteed replacement coverage.

Many residents wrongly assume their homeowner policies will cover damage  from
rising water. Flood insurance, provided by a branch of the federal  government,
generally is separate.

The National Flood Insurance Program, part of the Federal Emergency  Management
Agency, has provided flood insurance since 1968. Homeowners with  federally
backed mortgage loans are required by law to buy flood insurance if  their
property lies within a flood hazard area. Most lenders also require it  before
they will issue a conventional mortgage loan.

Any homeowner or renter can buy federal flood insurance as long the  residence
is in a community that belongs to the national program.

Q. What is guaranteed replacement coverage homeowners insurance?

A. It is considered the best coverage a homeowner can get. It is an  insurance
policy that promises to pay the full cost of replacing a house  regardless of
unexpected expense due to local conditions. For example, a house  that is
estimated to cost $ 100,000 to replace actually may cost even more if  the price
of materials suddenly goes up or new building codes apply.

Because of replacement costs associated with Hurricane Andrew, State Farm,  the
largest insurance company in Florida, has stopped offering guaranteed
replacement and has limited the amount it will pay on existing policies. Other
companies could follow suit.

Q. What happens if a homeowner can't get any kind of insurance for the home?

A. Because of the losses from Hurricane Andrew, a number of companies went  out
of business and others stopped offering homeowners insurance or limited  the
amount of business they do in Florida. Thousands of Floridians were unable  to
find homeowners insurance. As a result, the state set up a Joint  Underwriting
Association, which is a private risk pool of companies still  writing insurance
in Florida to provide coverage for those who can't find it  elsewhere. Rates on
insurance from the association will be higher than  conventional rates.

Q. More questions?

A. For more information, call the state Department of Insurance at (800)
342-2762, or write for the state's newly updated insurance guide. Send your
name and address and the number of copies you want to Florida Department of
Insurance, 200 E Gaines St., Tallahassee, FL 32399-0300, attention Data
Control.

- BERNICE STENGLE and JUDY STARK

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SERIES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Federal Lenders To Agriculture

                            February 1, 1985, Friday

Wendell Cochran


Agricultural bankers have two major competitors connected with the federal
government that could be greatly affected by what Congress and the Reagan
administration decide about farm policy this year.

One is the Farmers Home Administration, an agency of the Department of
Agriculture. Although considered at one time the ''lender of last resort,'' it
has grown greatly over the past few years, outstripping this role entirely.

The agency's total farm portfolio is about $25.5 billion, or a little more than
12% of the national farm debt of $215 billion. The FmHa has three primary loan
categories: loans used to purchase land, farm operating loans, and emergency
loans that are a form of disaster assistance. This year, the FmHa also is
managing the administration's debt assistance plan.

The other major lender is the Farm Credit System, which is supervised by the
Farm Credit Administration. The system includes Federal Land Banks, the nation's
largest farmland lender; Federal Intermediate Credit Banks, which through local
Production Credit Associations make short-term operating loans; and the Bank for
Cooperatives, which makes capital loans and provides short-term financing for
local and regional cooperatives.

The Farm Credit System, once funded with federal money, today gets its capital
in the bond markets. Because of a high farm loan delinquency rate and reduced
land values, Congress may be forced to consider bolstering the system by such
means as direct capital infusions or guarantees to the system's bondholders.

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 257 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 5, 2001 Sunday

House bring practicality back to farm program; Committee work: The bill keeps
some features of 1996 farm legislation

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. d4

LENGTH: 927 words


Before adjourning for the August Congressional recess, the House Agriculture
Committee completed its work on the next farm bill.

The bill is designed to bring predictability back to the federal government's
farm support programs while enlarging participation in soil and water
conservation, according to a committee news release.

Under the legislation, crop producers can voluntarily update their base acres.
The bill includes counter-cyclical support payments to producers in times of low
prices.

As designed by the committee, the next farm bill encourages increased
participation in soil and water conservation programs. The Farm Bill provides
producers with more options to implement conservation practices on their land.
The legislation allows increased technical assistance to producers using any
government or private contractors, the committee says.

"House Ag Committee members made good use of their farming and ranching
experience to deliver flexibility and predictability for producers and budget
responsibility for taxpayers, as a departure from the uncertainty of the recent
year-to-year patchwork of additional financial assistance," said House
Agriculture Chairman Larry Combest, R-Texas.

The legislation received bipartisan support in the committee.

"The bill reported today is a good deal for agriculture and a good deal for
taxpayers," said Ranking Minority Member Charlie Stenholm, D-Texas. "Emergency
spending by Congress to respond to agriculture's income crisis was proof that
our programs need reworking."

The new farm bill retains at least some of the features of the 1996 farm bill.
The planting flexibility component is intact, but augmented with
counter-cyclical protection in place of the recent system of ad-hoc emergency
appropriations. The now familiar annual payments to crop farmers stays in place,
as well as the marketing loan program.

Most marketing loan rates stay the same, despite pressure from some farm groups
to raise loan rates. The committee did lower rates for oil seeds to "equalize"
them with other commodities.

Counter-cyclical payments are triggered when a crop's price, adjusted for the
fixed decoupled payment, is below the target price. The payment rate for a crop
would be calculated according to a formula. Payment limits are set at $$ @50,000
for fixed decoupled payments, $$ @75,000 for counter-cyclical payments and $$
@75,000 for marketing loan gains and loan deficiency payments.

That brings us to another point. With each farm bill, we need to learn a new
vocabulary. Add these items to your farm bill lexicon dictionary: Fixed
Decoupled Payment Rates and Target Prices. Target price, actually, is not a new
farm bill concept, but it may figure more prominently in the next farm program.

Under the new farm bill, the fixed rate for corn is 30 cents per bushel, and the
target price is $$ @2.78. Soybeans have a 42 cent fixed rate, and a $$ @5.86
cent target price. Remember, soybeans will have a lower marketing loan rate of
$$ @4.92.

There is something in the new House farm bill for dairy, too. The legislation
extends the milk price support program at $$ @9.90 per hundredweight through
2011. It also re-authorizes the Dairy Export Incentive Program through 2011.

A new wool and mohair marketing assistance loan program provides producers price
support loans or loan deficiency payments.

The conservation portion of the new farm bill is patterned after legislation
introduced in June by Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis. Kind's original legislation
increased conservation funding.

"Farmers in the United States have long proven to be a unique source of
innovation and long-term stewardship of the land," Kind said. "But unless
Congress provides our farmers with the proper tools and incentives, many of the
nation's rivers and lakes will remain polluted, hundreds of species will creep
closer to extinction, and millions of acres of open space will be lost forever.
My legislation will not only benefit farmers with economic assistance, but will
benefit their communities by protecting legislation. It will not only benefit
farmers with economic assistance, but will benefit their communities by
protecting watershed areas, enhancing drinking water quality and preventing
unbridled sprawl that gobbles up our precious farmland."

The committee increased conservation spending by 75 percent, to $$ @16.5 billion
over 10 years. The popular Conservation Reserve Program stays through 2011 with
a 40-million-acre enrollment cap. New to the program is discretion by the
Secretary of Agriculture to permit harvesting of biomass for energy on CRP
acreage, with a reduction in rental rate.

The Environmental Quality Incentives Program, created in 1996, continues through
2011. Something new there - EQIP will include incentives for livestock
producers, who will receive 50 percent of the program's annual funding.

Familiar trade programs - the Market Access Program, Food for Progress, and
Foreign Market Development - are preserved and actually receive increased
funding. The Export Enhancement Program and Food for Peace program likewise stay
through 2011.

Existing agricultural research programs are continued through 2011.

For a closer look at the particular provisions of the legislation, log on to the
House Agriculture Committee Web site, http://agriculture.house.gov/farmbill.htm.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 20, 1990, MONDAY, ST. CHARLES Edition

AGENCY CRITICIZED FOR FLOOD POLICY ...TIGHTER BUILDING RULES WOULD THREATEN;
FARMS, THREE LEGISLATORS ARGUE

BYLINE: Kim Bell Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1174 words


A federal agency threatening to suspend 60 Missouri counties from its
flood-insurance program is run by ''out-of-control bureaucrats'' who could
destroy St. Charles County's rich farmland, area legislators say.  The Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) wants a Missouri law changed to put tighter
controls on what is built in flood-prone agricultural areas.  Unless FEMA is
satisfied, agency officials plan to suspend counties from the insurance program.
On Friday, three legislators from St. Charles County blasted the agency's threat
as unfair and premature.  ''One of the major objections is (that FEMA is trying
to extract more than a pound of flesh'' from the farmers, said state Rep. Joseph
Ortwerth, R-St.  Peters.  The agency wants Missouri to erase the so-called
''agricultural exemption'' from state law. The law exempts some farm structures
from flood-plain regulations. If the exemption is done away with, the owner of
agricultural land in a flood plain would need a permit to build structures or to
repair heavily damaged structures.  Now, flood plain rules often require people
to raise the building on stilts to keep it out of the 100-year flood plain.
''It's getting to the point of the ridiculous, frankly,'' said state Sen.  Fred
Dyer, R-St. Charles. ''You can't expect a farmer . . . to build . .  . 20 feet
up in the air.'' Ortwerth added, ''You might as well put a condemned sign'' on
40 percent of the county's land. About 43 percent of land in St. Charles County
is in a flood area, said state Rep. Steven E. Ehlmann, R-St. Charles. Frank
Begley, chief of natural and technical hazards for the federal agency in Kansas
City, said in an interview that farmers knew the conditions of the soil and
should know not to build ''in harm's way.'' But Ehlmann said area farmers had
little choice when they are working on farmsteads that were built 100 years ago.
The agency is trying to limit construction in flood plains and thus reduce
claims to the federal flood-insurance program. One of the agency's recent
targets was mobile-home parks; now the focus has turned to farmland.  The agency
oversees the national flood-insurance program. Statewide, about 5,000 policies
worth about $200 million are at stake. St. Charles County has about 1,500
policies.  Under the agency's proposal, only the unincorporated areas of each
county would be suspended. Under such a suspension: Most federal disaster relief
would be cut off.  Federal loans, such as those from the Farmers Home
Administration, would not be given in a flood-prone area.  No new policies would
be written, and no renewals would be granted.  Policies usually come up for
renewal once a year.  The agency plans to write a letter to tell Gov. John
Ashcroft that the 60 counties are suspended. On Friday, Begley said he expected
the letter to be sent this week.  Dyer, who sits on a Senate interim committee
studying this issue, said Missouri's attorney general could file suit to hold
off the suspension until the Legislature can draft and debate a bill in January.
Or, Dyer said, Ashcroft could call for a special legislative session in
September.  Regardless, Ehlmann contends that the federal agency is wrong if it
suspends the counties without first putting them on probation. Probation would
buy time for the state and require policyholders to pay a $25 surcharge on the
insurance.  But Begley said the agency used probation only when a local
community failed to follow the agency's rules. The counties have done nothing
wrong, Begley said. It is the legislators who must change the law, he said.
This flood-insurance debate began last year when the Missouri Supreme Court
ruled on a case involving August A. Busch III, the brewery executive, as well as
other landowners in St. Charles County. They built levees to protect their land,
contending they did not need the county's approval first.  The Supreme Court
sided with the landowners. They pointed to a state law pertaining to St. Charles
County that says a county cannot regulate farmland.  The court also let stand
the lower court's ruling that said a levee is a farm structure, and state law
already exempts some farm structures from flood-plain regulations.  Ehlmann said
lawmakers could simply change state law to say that levees are not farm
structures. He said he wanted to see ''as little change (in the law as we can
have and still keep the program'' for flood insurance.  But Begley said the
agency wanted the agricultural exemption removed from the law. He said the court
decision meant that certain counties no longer could adequately enforce the
flood-plain management regulations required for residents to get federal flood
insurance.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 8, 2001 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. d3

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


Iowa Corn Promotion Board election on tap

The Iowa Corn Promotion Board election is Tuesday.

Tim Burrack, of Fayette County, and Dale Schnadt, of Bremer County, will run for
a director position on the Iowa Corn Promotion Board, representing corn growers
from Crop Reporting District 3. Counties in District 3 include Clayton, Delaware
and Dubuque counties.

Corn producers may vote at their county extension offices.

Emergency loans available for storm damage

MADISON, Wis. - Emergency loans are now available to farmers in 31 Wisconsin
counties that might have suffered significant damage from severe storms that
occurred in April.

Eligible counties include Crawford, Grant, Iowa, and Lafayette. Farmers in 10
Illinois counties and nine Minnesota counties also are eligible under these
declarations.

The emergency loans are made at an interest rate of 3.75 percent.

Interested farmers in the designated counties should contact their local U.S.
Department of Agriculture Service Center for more information and application
forms.

Delaware County teams 3rd at 4-H Dairy Quiz Bowl

MANCHESTER, Iowa - Delaware County teams placed third at the Iowa 4-H Dairy Quiz
Bowl Contest June 14 at Starmont High School near Arlington, Iowa.

Nine teams representing four northeast Iowa counties participated in the annual
event. The winning senior team from Fayette County will represent Iowa at the
national 4-H Dairy Quiz Bowl competition in November in Louisville, Ky.

The Delaware County team of Nathan Carroll, Kelly Freiburger, Patrick Freiburger
and Jessica Tekippe won third place in the intermediate division. The senior
team of Jeff Carroll, Katie Freiburger, Katie Hoffmann, and Michael Tekippe
placed third in their division.

'LDP Get Well' policy offered

Producers who lost the ability to request a Loan Deficiency Program Payment by
failing to sign appropriate forms last year may have another opportunity.

An "LDP Get Well" policy allows LDP payments if producers fed or sold
commodities eligible for a LDP without first having made appropriate LDP form
application. Producers who fed commodities without having signed a CCC-709 form
prior to harvest will receive the LDP rate effective on the date of feeding.

Producers who sold the crop immediately out of the field without having signed a
CCC-709 form prior to harvest will receive the rate in effect on the date of
sale.

Producers who had sold a stored crop without having signed a CCC-666 form while
in the storage period will receive the LDP rate in effect on the date of sale.

More information on the "LDP Get Well" policy is available from county Farm
Service Agency offices. Applications are due July 31.

Boscobel to host farm event

BOSCOBEL, Wis. - Boscobel Farm Industry Days is Saturday. A Junior Fair, Farm
Appreciation Dinner and other activities will be held at Kronsage Park.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill., ag briefs column

BYLINE: The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 959 words


Aug. 15--CHAMPAIGN -- Farmers interested in participating in the Champaign
County Farm Bureau's 100th-anniversary tractor drive on Aug. 25 need to contact
the Farm Bureau office soon.

Nancy Strunk, who has chaired the anniversary committee, said her goal has been
to recruit 100 tractors for the drive. At this point, she said, it looks like it
will be "closer to 50," but she would still like to shoot for 100.

The Farm Bureau is encouraging farmers to register by today to reserve a
100th-anniversary T-shirt for the drive.

Tractor drivers don't need to be Farm Bureau members and don't need to live in
Champaign County, Strunk said. But participating tractors can't have dual
wheels, she said.

Tractors will begin gathering for the drive about 8:30 a.m. at United Prairie's
Apex location a half-mile west of Tolono.

At 10 a.m., the parade of tractors will head north to Curtis Orchard, where
lunch will be served to drivers. The Champaign County Farm Bureau's family
picnic will be in progress there.

At 1 p.m., the tractors -- escorted by Champaign County deputies -- will
continue north to Kirby Avenue, drive east to U.S. 45, and then south to Tolono.

For $35, tractor drivers get a commemorative T-shirt and lunch tickets.

Farm Bureau members -- and members of the general public -- are encouraged to
order lunch tickets at the Farm Bureau office, 801 N. Country Fair Drive, C, as
soon as possible.

Lunch tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for kids. The picnic will include games,
activities and a band.

Seymour man wins state fair's hog-calling contest

SPRINGFIELD -- Chris Karr of Seymour recently won the annual Hog Calling Contest
at the Illinois State Fair.

The contest was so close the judges ordered a second round between Karr and
two-time defending champion Kyle Barton of West Des Moines, Iowa.

Karr, who was participating in the contest for his 21st year, said he has won
the competition eight times. This year, there were three contestants. In past
years he has been involved, there have been up to 10.

Karr said he relies not only on clarity and volume, but also on humor, to
impress the judges. He varies his call from year to year and puts together a
skit to win the crowd over quickly.

This year's skit involved calling a "dehydrated" pig -- a victim of the drought
-- that was actually a pig pinata supplied by Dallas & Company in Champaign, he
said.

Karr, a hog farmer until 2002, said he did call out to pigs on occasion and they
would come.

"Most of the time, animals respond to voice and command," he said.

Karr, the swine superintendent at the Champaign County Fair, said he got
involved in the hog-calling competition when his children were showing swine at
the state fair, and he was chaperoning them.

Last week's rain, cool-off helped state's soybean crop

SPRINGFIELD -- The condition of the Illinois soybean crop improved slightly last
week, thanks to moderating temperatures and some rainfall, the Illinois
Department of Agriculture said.

One percent of the soybean crop was rated excellent, 11 percent good, 33 percent
fair, 27 percent poor and 28 percent very poor.

That was slightly better than the previous week, when only 9 percent of the crop
was rated good, and 29 percent was rated poor. Other rating classifications were
unchanged.

The condition of the state's corn crop, however, appeared slightly worse than
the previous week. None of the corn was rated excellent, 5 percent was rated
good, 20 percent fair, 33 percent poor and 42 percent very poor.

The percentage of the crop rated poor or very poor grew to 75 percent, up from
74 percent the previous week.

In the state's Eastern region, which includes the Champaign-Urbana, Danville and
Kankakee areas, 98 percent of the topsoil was either short or very short of
moisture, and 95 percent of the subsoil was short or very short of moisture.

Farm Credit announces drought-relief programs

MAHOMET -- Farm Credit Services of Illinois on Tuesday announced it will offer
drought-relief programs to the cooperative's stockholders.

The cooperative serves more than 8,500 farm families in central and southern
Illinois.

The relief includes an interest-free period -- for up to $100,000 of the loan
balance on existing operating loans -- during the harvest months of September,
October and November.

All interest charges on that amount will be credited back to the borrower during
those months.

Farm Credit is also offering to restructure existing loans to defer current
payments for farmers experiencing cash-flow problems as a result of the drought.

"Although many grain farmers manage these weather-related risks through crop
insurance, there will still be some financial impact and possible cash-flow
challenges," said Dave Owens, the CEO of Farm Credit Services of Illinois.

Carle farm safety program wins Monsanto Fund grant

URBANA -- The Carle Center for Rural Health and Farm Safety has won a $9,924
grant from the Monsanto Fund to expand the center's Emergency Action Tubes
initiative.

That program helps emergency responders who are called out to farms.

The tubes are sealed plastic cylinders with detailed maps of a farm. They
identify the location of buildings, livestock, machinery and available sources
of water.

The tubes are offered free to farmers who live in rural East Central Illinois
and are served by a fire department participating in the Emergency Action Tube
program.

Tubes are attached to the main meter pole on a farm, and duplicate maps are
provided to the local fire protection district.

Employees at Monsanto's site in Thomasboro nominated Carle for the grant. The
Thomasboro site will help with initial distribution of the tubes.

___ (c)2012 The News-Gazette (Champaign, Ill.) Visit The News-Gazette
(Champaign, Ill.) at www.news-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120815-CM-AG-BRIEFS-COL-20120815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2012 The News-Gazette


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

President Vetoes Farm Credit Bill

                            March 7, 1985, Thursday

DATELINE: Washington Bureau WASHINGTON


President Reagan made good Wednesday on his promise to veto emergency federal
funding for farm creditors, a measure rushed through both houses of Congress.

The administration had called the bill a ''budget-buster.'' To underscore the
strength of his disapproval, President Reagan vetoed the bill on live
television.

The bill Congress sent to the President on Tuesday was fashioned in the Senate
and approved by the House. A different House emergency bill was stronger in some
respects, but House Speaker Tip O'Neill, D-Mass., said he wanted to avoid a
time-consuming compromise conference and to speed a bill to the President.

Basically, the bill President Reagan vetoed would have provided the following:

* Nearly $1.85 billion in additional farm loan guarantees. The guarantees would
cover 90% of the value of a federally insured commercial loan if a farmer
defaults. Currently the guarantee fund is $650 million.

* An additional $100 million for interest subsidies. This money would be paid to
bankers who would make loans at below-market interest rates. The government
would pay for half of the number of percentage points a banker writes off for
the borrower. If it takes four percentage points to bring the borrower into a
positive cash flow, for example, the government will subsidize two of those.

* Reduced cashflow requirements. A farmer would only have to show income meeting
expenses, rather than a 10% income excess, in order to qualify for a federally
guaranteed loan. Also, farmers participating in federal commodity programs could
receive 50% advance payment for crops that will be harvested next fall, up to a
limit of $50,000 per farmer.

* Finally, a resolution was approved requiring the Farmers Home Administration
to hire enough new loan officers to make sure all loan applications are
satisfied.

Even if Congress is unable to override the President's veto, it is possible that
a stronger bill may wind up in the Oval Office. Many House members, mostly
Republicans, who voted against the Senate-authored version, favored the stronger
House measure.WS

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 348 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday

BYLINE: CRYSTALR. REID Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Floods, frost damage, torrential rainfall, hail and severe drought put North
Dakota on a federal natural disaster list Wednesday.

The secretarial natural disaster designation was issued for the entire state of
North Dakota on Wednesday afternoon, officials announced, after the state's
congressional delegation last week urged the secretary of agriculture to clear
the way for emergency loan programs.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns stated in a letter to Gov. John Hoeven that
losses due to the combined effects of extreme weather warranted the natural
disaster designation.

The designation allows producers in all North Dakota counties to be eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency.

Hoeven, who has been in Washington all week pushing for a federal disaster aid
package, said the designation was expected, but that farmers need more.

"We're pleased to get it,"Hoeven said in a Wednesday phone interview with the
Tribune. "It will help. But we still need a federal disaster aid package for
farmers and ranchers."

Hoeven has estimated that North Dakota alone will need between $250 million and
$300 million in emergency disaster aid for producers affected by severe weather
in 2005 and 2006. He's been working with more then 20 governors across the
nation to secure an agricultural disaster aid package.

And Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., introduced legislation, co-sponsored by Sen. Byron
Dorgan, D-N.D., and Montana Republican Sen. Conrad Burns, that calls for $6.5
billion in emergency disaster aid for the more than 20 states suffering from ag
losses due to severe weather.

"(The designation) confirms in a very clear way that what we've been saying has
been true,"Conrad said. "We have been badly hurt. Our farmers and ranchers are
at risk."

Conrad introduced the legislation last week, and Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson sought
yesterday to attach the legislation to a port security bill.

Dorgan, Conrad and Hoeven all agreed that the designation was due, but it's
still not enough.

"It has forced the USDAto recognize that there is in fact a bona fide
disaster,"Dorgan said. "But offering loans is not a substitute for the kind of
help that we need. Loading farmers up with additional debt ... that's not going
to be a solution."

In a news conference Wednesday morning, both Hoeven and Gov. Mike Rounds, of
South Dakota, detailed their efforts for farm aid, calling on Congress to do
something before the November elections.

But Rounds remained "cautiously optimistic" about a disaster aid package,and
Hoeven said he doubted the $6.5 billion in aid will pass.

Last month, Johanns visited South Dakota to assess drought damage, then pledged
$79 million in relief funds.

House Republicans and the White House have opposed several versions of drought
relief legislation, saying the bills are too expensive and would not be
distributed fairly.

Hoeven and Rounds countered that by saying aid would be distributed based on
need: Rounds said it could be for producers in D2 and D3 areas -moderate and
severe drought, respectively-and Hoeven said producers with 30 percent loss or
more should be eligible.

In Conrad's legislation, farmers who suffer 35 percent or more in losses would
receive aid.

"As is all disaster legislation, (it's) targeted to those who have the biggest
losses,"Conrad said. "This has been very carefully designed, and is based on
what has been successful in the past."

(The Associated Press contributed to this report. Reach reporter Crystal Reid at
250-8261 or at crystal.reid@bismarcktribune.com.)

N.D. makes disaster list

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              June 18, 2010 Friday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 636 words


CHEYENNE

Parent Leadership Training Institute luncheon today

The Parent Leadership Training Institute (PLTI) Luncheon is scheduled for today,
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., in the Cottonwood room at the Laramie County Library. The
event is free and open to the public.

Wyoming's Maternal and Family Health Section of the Department of Health
endorses the 20-week PLTI curriculum that offers empowerment and civics skills
to bolster parents' leadership while promoting lifelong health, safety and
learning of children in Laramie County. The cornerstones of the program are
respect, validation and a belief that when the tools of democracy are
understood, the public will become active participants in communities.

The luncheon is an opportunity to learn more about this program that will
highlight the participants' achievements thus far. Mayor Rick Kaysen, Kristi
Wallin (State Director for Senator Barrasso) and Representative Lori Millin will
be in attendance.

Lander gets money to repair water line

The State Loan and Investment Board has approved a $356,000 emergency grant to
the town of Lander to fix a water line that was broken by flooding.

Rob Tompkins of the Office of State Lands and Investments says the broken line
served about 2,000 residents and the Lander Regional Hospital.

Tompkins says the money awarded Thursday by the state board is the entire
estimated cost of fixing the line.

The broken line has reduced water service to Lander residents, forcing the town
to ask for voluntary conservation. City water remains clean and safe to drink.

Plans are to have the broken line repaired by Aug. 3.

The State Loan and Investment Board consists of the five statewide elected
officials, including the governor.

GILLETTE

Campbell County delays vote on wind farm rules

The Campbell County commissioners are taking more time to consider regulations
for wind farms, but want to vote soon to have rules in place before work starts
on the county's first wind farm.

The county plans to vote on emergency rules, which would take effect
immediately. But the commissioners will take three more weeks to work on the
rules at the request of Third Planet Windpower, which wants to start
construction in August in the southern part of the county.

An issue to be resolved is the bond required by the county to cover costs of
shutting down the development and reclamation if the company abandons the wind
farm.

Third Planet Windpower plans a 100-turbine, 150-megawatt farm.

SHERIDAN

Sheridan commissioners allow Tongue River quarry

The Sheridan County Commission has approved a permit for a quarry to operate
near the mouth of the Tongue River Canyon.

The commissioners voted 4-1 Tuesday to allow the quarry, which will mine
limestone to be sold for a stream rehabilitation project on the Tongue River.

Some neighbors spoke against the permit. They criticized the idea of allowing a
quarry on the face of a mountain and said it deviated from a comprehensive plan
for the area.

Commissioners attached 19 conditions on the permit, including a mandatory public
review every two years. The conditions limit the quarry to an average of three
days per week to screen material and an average of eight truck trips per day.

James Lomax owns the quarry property. The quarry operator will be CDS Excavation
of Dayton.

From staff and wire reports

Correction

A story printed on the front page of Wednesday's Wyoming Tribune Eagle headlined
"Finally! Construction stars on supercomputer" contained inaccurate information.

The story said the total costs of the project will exceed $500 million. This is
the project estimate from 2007. Design, construction and commissioning of the
facility will cost about $70 million. Cost of the initial supercomputer will
range from $25 million to $35 million.

The mistake is due to reporter error.

The Wyoming Tribune Eagle regrets the error.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              May 28, 2004 Friday
                                  City Edition

They hear talk but need action

BYLINE: NATE JENKINS, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1722 words

DATELINE: Hallam, NE


Hallam storm victims want to know what the government has to offer.

HALLAM - While crisply dressed government officials talked about how the
indomitable human spirit and government aid will help piece this town together,
Randy Gollin sorted through the remains of his material life in a T-shirt
stained with dirt and sweat.

He gave Gov. Mike Johanns and Mike Brown, a top official in the new  Department
of Homeland Security who visited from Washington on Thursday, only a passing
glance as they spoke across the street from his six-bedroom house and in front
of more than a dozen reporters. Like an estimated 157 others, his house  was
destroyed by a tornado Saturday night.

"The talk doesn't mean nothing to me," Gollin said, "until they get something
done.

"By the time we get done working, we're too tired to walk up there," he said,
nodding toward a line of trailers on Main Street filled with government and
emergency officials. "I guess if we wait too long," he said later, "we'll lose
out on something."

After touring a portion of the village, Brown seemed to have anticipated the
concerns of Gollin and others. The undersecretary of Emergency   Preparedness
and Response in the Department of Homeland Security said government aid is in
place, access to it requires a phone call to people who will help victims wade
through the programs, and the Washington-based department will not abandon the
Nebraska town.

Though he mentioned no new assistance that will result from his visit, Brown
said officials with the Federal Emergency Management Agency will stay on the
ground in Hallam, and the agency will have the flexibility to customize its aid
to meet the needs of residents there.

The former deputy director of FEMA bluntly assessed the level of damage in
Hallam: "This is just about as bad as it gets."

U.S. Rep. Tom Osborne came to town as well, minus a bevy of staff and apparently
alone, wearing a floppy-brimmed angler's hat and wraparound shades.

"I've never seen anything quite like this," Osborne said to the horde of
reporters.

While largely symbolic in nature, the visit from Brown could help efforts to
obtain government aid sustain momentum and focus attention on Hallam and
surrounding areas, officials said.

That could become more important at state officials try to convince their
federal counterparts that 11 to 13 more counties in the southeast and
south-central portions of the state should be declared federal disaster areas.
So far, only Lancaster, Cass, Saline and Gage counties have the listing.

Al Berndt, assistant director of the Nebraska Emergency Management  Agency, said
he expects areas stricken by disaster will qualify for an additional layer of
federal assistance to help pay for public infrastructure, such as electric
service, once the damage is quantified.

A preliminary assessment of damage could be completed early next week.

Johanns said he was pleased with how quickly the declaration of Lancaster and
three other counties as federal disaster areas came. It took within 72 hours.

But two days after the federal listing, which provides an array of assistance
such as federally subsidized loans, several in Hallam said nobody had told them
what it means. At the end of a news conference, Brown said 32 people in the
disaster areas had registered for federal assistance.

Hallam resident Tom Sands said he had already received a check from his
insurance company to replace his destroyed home, but hadn't been told what the
federal government had to offer.

"I'm glad about all the help we got," Sands said. "We just don't know what
they're gonna do."

Reach Nate Jenkins at 473-7223 or njenkins@journalstar.com.

DISASTER Q&A

What is a presidential disaster declaration?

A presidential disaster declaration is triggered when disaster damage is beyond
the capabilities of the state and local governments, and federal assistance is
needed.

The disaster declaration gives individuals and businesses access to federal
programs ranging from low-interest loans to counseling.

Who qualifies for disaster help?

A person who owns a business or home, or works or lives in a county declared a
major disaster area may qualify if he or she has sufficient property damage or
loss and does not have sufficient insurance or other resources.

What about insurance? Can people who have insurance coverage still qualify for
the federal programs?

Insurance coverage is determined first. If the insurance does not cover the
losses, then the person or business may qualify for low-interest loans or direct
grants.

How do low-interest loans fit in?

Small Business Administration disaster loans are the second line of defense,
after insurance coverage. In fact, the SBA disaster loan program is the primary
form of disaster assistance for many people. Often a homeowner will have to
apply for a SBA loan before receiving any direct aid.

The current interest rate on these loans in Nebraska is 2.75 percent for
businesses, 2.87 percent for homeowners and 3.75 percent for Farm Service Agency
emergency loans.

What kinds of loans are available?

There are four basic types of disaster loans offered through the Small Business
Administration and the Farm Service Agency.

* Home disaster loans to homeowners and renters to repair or replace damaged
homes or personal property. Loans are available up to $200,000 for a primary
residence and $40,000 for personal property, including renter loss.

* Business physical disaster loans to business owners to repair or replace
damaged property including inventory and supplies. Loans are available up to
$1.5 million for business property losses not fully compensated by insurance

* Economic injury disaster loans, supplying capital to small businesses and
small agricultural cooperatives to assist them through recovery. Loans up to
$1.5 million are available for small businesses that need funds for working
capital.

This loan in combination with a property loss loan cannot exceed a total of $1.5
million.

* Loans up to $500,000 are available for farmers, ranchers and aquaculture
operators to cover production and property losses. Agricultural operators also
may qualify for FSA direct or guaranteed loans.

What kind of direct assistance is available for tornado victims? Will it help a
family replace a demolished car or truck?

The entire array of federal programs is available to individuals in the four
disaster-designated counties.

If a person's home is unlivable, he or she may qualify for temporary housing
grants. Initial assistance is provided for up to three months for homeowners and
at least one month for renters and may be extended.

Grants are available for home repairs and replacement of essential household
items not covered by insurance to make damaged dwellings safe, sanitary and
functional.

There are also grants to replace personal property and help meet medical, dental
and transportation costs, funeral expenses and other serious disaster-related
needs not covered by insurance or other federal, state and charitable aid
programs.

The aid could cover replacement of an uninsured vehicle for a low-income
individual.

Grants are the last line of defense available after insurance and loans. Grant
assistance is limited to $25,000 per individual or household

How do you get this help?

You can call the toll-free number for information, (800) 621-FEMA, from 7 a.m.
to 7 p.m., or go to the Disaster Center in Cortland, 530 Lincoln. The center is
open from 9a.m. to 7 p.m. daily and will be open on Memorial Day.

Those who apply for aid through FEMA should expect to wait seven to 10 days from
the time they apply for a FEMA housing inspector to assess the damage.

The inspector will then file a report, and a check should be issued seven to 10
days later.

Do people qualify for help based on their incomes?

Income does play a part in determining federal assistance. But the programs are
very complicated, and each individual case is different. People living side by
side on a street will have different factors and qualify for different programs.

FEMA workers through the toll-free registration number and at the Disaster
Recovery Center will work with individuals to determine what assistance may be
available to them.

Insurance coverage is the first factor considered, then the individual's or
business' ability to repay a low-interest loan. Grants are the last resort.

Will the disaster programs cover all the losses?

FEMA is not supposed to be a cure-all. It is intended to help people get back on
their feet, not to cover all the losses.

Are there any benefits if you become unemployed?

Special unemployment benefits are available for people not normally covered by
the unemployment program, including self-employed workers and farm workers. The
program is available to workers whose workplace was closed or is inaccessible
because of the disaster. People who think they may be eligible should contact an
unemployment insurance claims center at 458-2500 in Lincoln, (402) 829-2800 in
Omaha or toll-free at (877) 725-9918 (for those outside the Lincoln and Omaha
area).

What are the food stamp benefits?

People directly affected by tornadoes or flooding or who lost wages because of
the storms may qualify for a month's worth of food stamps. Residents of southern
Lancaster County, Gage, Saline and Cass counties can fill out applications at
the Firth Reformed Church, 603 Russell in Firth. Beginning today the center will
be open daily from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., including Memorial Day weekend and Memorial
Day.

Applicants must bring documentation to verify identity and residency.

Tuesday is the deadline to apply for disaster food stamp assistance, and some
income guidelines will apply. Additional information is available from the state
Office of Economic and Family Support at (402) 471-9325.

Are there special tax breaks for the losses?

Taxpayers may deduct losses if the losses exceed 10 percent of the adjusted
gross income for the tax year by at least $100. In a federally declared disaster
area, taxpayers may choose between two years for that deduction: the year the
disaster occurred or the preceding tax year.

The IRS can expedite refunds for taxpayers in a federally declared disaster
area, producing a quick source of cash that does not need to be repaid.

Sources:Government news releases, Web sites and Federal Emergency Management
Agency public information specialists.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FEMA Undersecretary Michael Brown and Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns walk
down Main Street in Hallam as they tour the battered community Thursday. JOSH
WOLFE/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

ADB gives $36.8m for wind turbines

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 260

LENGTH: 970  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is providing a loan of $36.8 million to
Pakistan to install more wind turbines at the farm, raising power output from
the current 6 megawatts (MW) to a total of 56.4 MW. Zorlu Enerji Electrik Uretim
will use the $36.8 million loan to install more wind turbines at the farm. The
farm is located in southern Sindh province, 100 kilometers northeast of Karachi.
The extra output will provide much-needed electricity for the economy; improve
energy security, and lower reliance on fossil fuels.

"Acute energy shortages, caused by low investment, are cutting into Pakistan's
economic growth," said Michael Barrow, Director in ADB's Private Sector
Operations Department. "This deal should provide a bankable template for future
privately funded wind projects and send a signal that Pakistan's wind sector is
attractive for private sector investment and financing."

Pakistan relies heavily on imported fossil fuels for the bulk of its energy
needs. However, this is costly, that puts heavy burden on its foreign exchange
reserves. Investment in new capacity has lagged demand which has surged by over
40 percent over the past five years, resulting in regular brownouts in all major
urban centres and the introduction of power rationing. This has forced shops and
industries to close early, undermining Pakistan's economy.

The Government of Pakistan is now undertaking a major drive to expand its energy
sources, including tapping renewable energy resources such as wind. There are
around 50,000 MW of wind power capacity available in the south of the country
alone. Zorlu Enerji, listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange, owns and operates
Turkey's largest wind farm and is 68 percent owned by Zorlu Holding AS, one of
the largest conglomerates in Turkey. "We estimate that five to seven projects
will come on line following ADB's support for Zorlu Enerji's wind farm," said
Siddhartha Shah, Senior Investment Specialist in ADB's Private Sector Operations
Department.

Existing power generated by the wind farm is currently being dispatched to the
Hyderabad Electric Supply Company. Once the second construction phase is
complete-expected in 2013-the farm will supply power to the national grid
through a 20 year take-or-pay power purchase agreement with the National
Transmission and Dispatch Company. The tariff will be set at a competitive level
with the rate dropping over time as project debt is paid down.

"The project will have multiple benefits including helping realise the
government's target of 6 percent renewable energy in the total power mix by
2030, while contributing to employment opportunities and economic growth in one
of the poorest regions of the country," said Shah.

The total cost of the project is $147 million with 30 percent financed through
equity provided by Zorlu Enerji and the rest from ADB, the International Finance
Corp., and ECO Trade and Development Bank, as well as a Pakistan rupee loan from
Habib Bank. ADB's loan will carry a tenor of 12 years with a 2-year grace
period.

APP adds: ADB on Thursday provided Rs 261 million grant to Pakistan for the
relief of people affected by recent floods in Sindh and Balochistan. The
emergency assistance from ADB's Asia Pacific Disaster Response Fund will help
the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) to ensure provision of food,
drinking water, medicines and tents for desperate victims, many already affected
by last year's flood, at the onset of the winter, says a statement issued by the
Bank here Thursday.

"ADB stands by the people of Pakistan in these difficult times. We hope that the
grant will increase NDMA's ability to reach out to poor and the most vulnerable
groups particularly women and children facing a desperate situation", the ADB
said.

It added that many families have lost their entire belongings and source of
livelihood and are in urgent need of food and shelter' said Dr. Werner Liepach,
ADB's Country Director for Pakistan after signing the agreement with Abdul Wajid
Rana, Secretary, Economic Affairs Division here today.

According to the United Nations,5.4 million people have been affected by this
year's floods displacing 1.8 million people. The NDMA's initial estimates puts
the number of houses destroyed and or partially damaged at 645,000 and 580,000
respectively. 413 people have died and more than 700 have suffered injuries
during the disaster.

The ADB and the World Bank are jointly assessing the extent of damages. The
assessment is expected to help the Government of Pakistan and other partners in
charting out an action plan to restore basic services and rebuild irrigation and
flood protection structures so that affected families could resume their lives
with peace of mind' added Dr. Liepach.

Earlier this year ADB provided a $650 million loan to Pakistan for
reconstruction of vital infrastructure damaged by last year's devastating
floods.

The Flood Emergency Reconstruction Project (FERP) is rebuilding damaged national
and provincial road networks, irrigation systems and flood protection
structures, and rehabilitate economic activities.

The FERP also includes reconstruction of 793 km of national highways and
bridges, and about 800 km of provincial road networks to multiple hazards
resistant standards, improving 1.5 million hectors of agriculture land by
restoring and strengthening flood protection embankment, rehabilitating canals
and other allied infrastructure.

The ADB, based in Manila, is dedicated to reducing poverty in Asia and the
Pacific through inclusive economic growth, environmentally sustainable growth,
and regional integration. Established in 1966, it is owned by 67 members -- 48
from the region. In 2010, ADB approvals, including, cofinancing, totaled $17.51
billion. In addition, ADB's ongoing Trade Finance Program supported $2.8 billion
in trade.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

BRIEF CASE

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 462 words


Farmers can seek storm loss loans

Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Programs is accepting applications based on losses
caused by severe storms, tornadoes, rainfall and flooding that happened from May
30 and on, affecting Starke, Marshall and St. Joseph counties.

The deadline for applications is March 16.

If farmers wait too long, however, a backlog will develop and cause delays in
receiving loan checks.

Generally, farmers who have suffered physical and production losses are eligible
for the emergency loans.

The Farm Service Agency-Farm Loan Program office is located at 1406 S. Heaton
St. in Knox. Applications can be picked up at any FSA office.

BATTLE CREEK, Mich.

Archway maker files bankruptcy

The maker of Archway and Mother's cookies has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection in the wake of rising food and fuel costs and plans to end its U.S.
operations.

Archway & Mother's Cookie Co. Inc. on Monday announced the filing in U.S.
Bankruptcy Court in Delaware for its Mother's Cake & Cookie Co. and Archway
Cookies LLC subsidiaries.

The Battle Creek Enquirer reports the announcement came three days after the
company sent notices to the cities of Battle Creek and Ashland, Ohio, stating
that operations in those cities would close.

WASHINGTON

Rates drop at Treasury auction

Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills fell in Monday's auction, with
yields on three-month bills falling to the lowest level on record, reflecting
continued strains in credit markets.

The Treasury Department auctioned $26 billion in three-month bills at a discount
rate of 0.460 percent, down from 1.100 percent last week. Another $27 billion in
six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.100 percent, down from
1.540 percent last week.

The three-month rate was the lowest level on record for an initial government
offering although the bills have traded at lower levels in the secondary market.
The six-month rate was the lowest since these bills averaged 1.080 percent on
April 19, 2004.

KANSAS CITY, Mo.

Twinkie maker files updated plan

The maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread has filed a new plan for exiting
more than four years of bankruptcy.

Interstate Bakeries Corp. filed the plan in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Kansas
City. It lays out almost $600 million in financing Interstate Bakeries would
receive from lenders and investors.

A bankruptcy judge will consider the plan at an Oct. 30 hearing.

Monday Business

Action Line can now be found in Monday's Tribune.

We are ready, as always, to help you with your consumer problems and answer your
questions.

Contact Action Line by e-mail to actionline@ sbtinfo.com; by mail to Action
Line, South Bend Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave., South Bend, IN 46626; or by fax to
(574) 235-6104. Sorry, we can't take phone calls.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Parched SLV gets disaster designation

BYLINE: Matt Hildner, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


Aug. 02--ALAMOSA -- U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack has granted
disaster designation to five San Luis Valley counties, clearing the way for
producers in the drought-afflicted counties to apply for aid.

Vilsack notified Gov. John Hickenlooper Friday of the designations, which also
included the naming of nine other counties as contiguous disaster areas and also
eligible for aid.

The declaration makes producers eligible to apply for Farm Service Agency
emergency loans and for the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program.

The five valley counties include Alamosa, Conejos, Costilla, Rio Grande and
Saguache.

According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, sections of Alamosa, Conejos, Costilla
and Rio Grande are in exceptional drought, a listing that's only matched in
Colorado by Baca County.

The contiguous counties in Southern Colorado include Chaffee, Custer, Fremont,
Huerfano, Las Animas and Mineral.

Applications for emergency loans must be made within eight months of the
declaration.

Applications for the supplemental revenue program will be accepted in 2012 after
farm revenue data from this year becomes available.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110802-PB-BRF-Parched-SLV-gets-disaster-designation-0802-20110802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2011 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday

Help offered for farmers hit by drought

BYLINE: Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Feb. 25--Local family farmers are eligible for emergency loans based on losses
caused by drought and excessive heat that occurred in 2011.

Thirty-seven North Carolina counties were declared eligible for federal disaster
assistance, including Farm Service Agency emergency loans for eligible family
farmers.

Farmers in Alamance, Caswell, Guilford, and Rockingham counties may apply for
loans for production losses. The filing deadline is Oct. 9.

The local office is located at 209 N. Graham Hopedale Road in Burlington and has
office hours of 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

THE U.S. Department of Agriculture also announced that it will conduct a
four-week Conservation Reserve Program general signup, beginning March 12 and
ending April 6. "CRP has a 25-year legacy of successfully protecting the
nation's natural resources through voluntary participation, while providing
significant economic and environmental benefits to rural communities across the
United States," according to a press release.

CRP is a voluntary program available to agricultural producers to help them use
environmentally sensitive land for conservation benefits. Producers enrolled in
CRP plant long-term, resource-conserving covers to improve the quality of water,
control soil erosion and develop wildlife habitat. In return, USDA provides
participants with rental payments and cost-share assistance. Contract duration
is between 10 and 15 years. Producers with expiring contracts and producers with
environmentally sensitive land are encouraged to evaluate their options under
CRP. Producers also are encouraged to look into CRP's other enrollment
opportunities offered on a continuous, non-competitive, signup basis.

Currently, about 30 million acres are enrolled in CRP; and contracts on an
estimated 6.5 million acres will expire on Sept. 30, 2012.

Offers for CRP contracts are ranked according to the Environmental Benefits
Index. USDA's Farm Service Agency collects data for each of the EBI factors
based on the relative environmental benefits for the land offered. Each eligible
offer is ranked in comparison to all other offers and selections made from that
ranking. FSA uses the following EBI factors to assess the environmental benefits
for the land offered:

For more information on CRP and other FSA programs, visit the Alamance FSA
Service Center at 209 N. Graham Hopedale Road in Burlington or
http://www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2012 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120225-BT-Help-offered-for-farmers-hit-by-drought-0225-20120225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2012 Times-News


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2017 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Disaster Assistance (General)

LENGTH: 790  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA)



  Action



 Notice; request for comment.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on the extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
in support of Disaster Assistance programs. The information collection is needed
to identify disaster areas and establish eligibility for both primary and
contiguous counties for assistance from FSA. This assistance includes FSA
emergency loans which are available to eligible and qualified farmers and
ranchers. The total burden hours have been revised to reflect the number of
Secretarial requests for natural disaster assistance during the 2016 crop year.



 Dates



 We will consider comments that we receive by May 30, 2017.

 Addresses



 We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comment, include the
date and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may submit
comments by any of the following methods:



     Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.

     Mail: Steve Peterson, Director, Production, Emergencies and Compliance
Division, to Farm Service Agency, USDA, Mail Stop 0517, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0517.



 You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington,
DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be requested by contacting
Steve Peterson at the above addresses.

 For Further Information Contact



 Tona Huggins, (202) 205-9847.

 Supplementary Information

 Description of Information Collection



 Title: Disaster Assistance Program (General).



 OMB Number: 0560-0170.



 Expiration Date of Approval: 07/31/2017.



 Type of Request: Extension with a revision.



 Abstract: The information collection is necessary for FSA to effectively
administer the regulations related to identifying disaster areas for the purpose
of making emergency loans. This program is available to qualified and eligible
farmers and ranchers who have suffered weather-related physical or production
losses or both in such areas. Before emergency loans can become available, the
information needs to be collected to determine if the disaster areas meet the
criteria of having a qualifying loss in order to be considered as an eligible
County.



 The total burden hours have been revised to reflect the number of Secretarial
requests for natural disaster assistance during the 2016 crop year.



 For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the formula
used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated average time per
response multiplied by the estimated total annual responses.



 Estimate of Average Time To Respond: Public reporting burden for collecting
information under this notice is estimated to average 0.435 minutes per
response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data
sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing
the collection of information.



 Respondents: Farmers and ranchers.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 401.



 Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.2.



 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 492.



 Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.435.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 214 hours.



 We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection to
help us to:



 (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility;



 (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the collection
of information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used;



 (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information technology;
and



 (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who respond
through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other
technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology.



 All comments received in response to this notice, including names and addresses
where provided, will be made a matter of public record. Comments will be
summarized and included in the request for Office of Management and Budget
approval.

 Chris P. Beyerhelm,

 Acting Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-06143 Filed 3-28-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Designates Delta, Gunnison, Mesa, and Montrose Counties as
Disaster Areas Due to Severe Freeze

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 Senator Michael Bennet announced today that the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has designated Delta County as a primary disaster area due to
damage caused by severe periods of freezing that took place April 2nd through
the 19th . Gunnison County, Mesa County, and Montrose County have been
designated as contiguous disaster areas. Both of these designations make farm
operators in these counties eligible to be considered for federal assistance,
including Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans.





 "The freeze in April of this year was severely damaging to crops and caused
losses for producers on the western slope," Bennet said. "These disaster
designations will allow farmers to access critical assistance to help them
recover from the damages."



 Producers in counties designated as primary or contiguous disaster areas are
eligible to be considered for FSA emergency loans. Farmers in eligible counties
have eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to apply for
assistance. Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers and ranchers with
additional information.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

Drought declared in 23 counties

BYLINE: From reports

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 189 words


Twenty-three New Mexico counties, including Lincoln and neighboring Otero, were
declared drought disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Gov. Susana Martinez submitted a request for disaster designation on April 6. A
few days later U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Jeff Bingaman, Democrats from New
Mexico, sent a joint letter to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in support of the
request.

After reviewing the Loss Assessment Reports, the USDA determined there were
sufficient production losses to warrant natural disaster designation.

Fifteen counties were designated as primary drought disaster areas, including
Otero, and eight were included as contiguous, including Lincoln County.

The declaration means farmers are eligible for assistance from USDA Farm Service
Agency disaster programs. The assistance includes FSA emergency loans and the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments.

Applicants have eight months from the declaration to apply for emergency loan
assistance. The end date will be Feb. 6, 2012. SURE program applications for
2011 crop losses will be accepted next year, when the 2011 farm revenue data
becomes available.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 14, 1994

Collecting Overdue FmHA Loans

BYLINE: By MICHAEL V. DUNN, Administrator, Farmers Home Administration, U.S.
Department of Agriculture

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 969 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Dunn recently addressed the Senate subcommittee of agricultural
credit concerning large delinquent farm loans and what FmHA is doing to resolve
the problems.  Mr. Dunn's prepared statement is excepted here as our Open Forum
report.


Million-dollar loans are no longer available from the Farmers Home
Administration.  The delinquent loans reported by The Washington Post were made
under Emergency Loan authority.

Amendments to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1980 (P.L.
96-438), gradually reduced the maximum emergency loan to $ 500,000 for any one
disaster.

This legislation also phased out the bonus annual operating and major adjustment
loans.

The Food Security Act of 1985 (P.L. 99-198) limited emergency loans to
family-size farmers and prohibited loans to farmers eligible for credit
elsewhere.  Further, direct operating and ownership loans are now limited by law
to $ 200,000; guaranteed operating loans are capped at $ 400,000; and guaranteed
ownership loans cannot exceed $ 300,000.

In all cases, the borrower must be a family-size farmer or rancher.

Before I discuss the large delinquent loans, I would like to take a minute to
share with you the Clinton Administrator's philosophy on the mission of FmHA.

FmHA is required to provide assistance to only those farmers who are unable to
obtain credit commercial sources.

Typically, our borrowers are family-sized farmers.  Many lack production
resources, such as productive land and modern buildings and equipment.  Many
also lack the personal resources, such as sufficient education and experience,
which provide the foundation for management skills critical for success.  We
view it as our mission to assist these farmers in anyway possible not just to
get credit, but to become creditworthy, successful farmers.

That is why I firmly believe that we must provide supervised credit for these
borrowers.

This involves working closely with borrowers from day one to nurture, teach and
counsel them.  This is accomplished through frequent and thorough monitoring of
the borrower's farm production and financial management to pursue strategies
that develop actions necessary to achieve the customer's planned objectives.

Thus, farmers receive technical assistance as well as individual counseling and
evaluations necessary to focus corrective measures on the specific factors that
might otherwise limit or prevent their success.

Unfortunately, in the past, FmHA has gotten away from providing supervised
credit as the Agency's focus shifted to larger, wealthier farmers.  Those days,
however, are now over.  Our state directors are aware that supervised credit is
one of the Clinton Administration's top priorities, and efforts are already
underway to provide training to employees to accomplish this goal.

During the Clinton Administration's tenure, FmHA's focus will be to provide
skillful assistance to small, limited resource farmers.  Unfortunately, there
remains at this time the unresolved backlog of large delinquent loans left over
from the past decade when large, wealthy farmers were granted emergency loans.
These were the subject of The Washington Post article.

The Washington Post article serves a very useful purpose.  It sheds light on
past policy decisions which have resulted in problems that had been festering in
the Agency for years.  These problems, which we have already discovered, demand
prompt and decisive action.

My colleagues at FmHA have been aware of and concerned about the enormity of the
outstanding debt which has been accumulated from delinquent large loans made
years ago.  Resolution of this situation was one of the first issues that I
pursued after taking the oath of office on Nov. 30th.

Today's hearing provides the opportunity to bring you up to date on our recent
activities with respect to the large delinquent loans, as well as the related
foreclosure suspensions.  In addition, we will cover steps which we are taking
to return FmHA to its traditional mission of providing supervised credit to
small and limited-resource family farmers and ranchers.

I cannot emphasize too strongly the Clinton Administration's conviction that
FmHA's mission to assist small, limited resource family farmers is paramount.

This is the central mission which President Clinton, secretary Espy., and I, as
administrator, intend to see FmHA fulfill.

I would at this time like to comment upon Secretary Espy's suspension of
foreclosures, which has been in effect since March 5, 1993.  Allow me to provide
a brief summary of the effect of the suspension on the resolution of the large
delinquent loans.

* On March 5, 1993, there were 4,833 cases in the foreclosure process.  Of this
number, the Department of Justice (DOJ) had 962 cases.

* Of the 4,833 cases in foreclosure, 240 were borrowers who owed more than $ 1
million dollars.

* In March and April of 1993, Secretary Espy mailed 3,913 letters to borrowers
in foreclosure providing them with the opportunity to request a review at the
Secretary's level to determine if their loans had been properly serviced before
being submitted for foreclosure.

* Of the 3,913 farmers who received letters, 1,090 responded with a request for
a review.

* Of the 1,090 borrowers who requested a review, 100 were borrowers who owed
FmHA over $ 1 million.

* Of the 100 borrowers who were reviewed, 34 were sent back to the states for
corrections in the servicing process.

* In California, six large loan borrowers requested a review by the secretary's
office.  The review showed that all had been properly serviced, and the state
was instructed to continue with foreclosure.

* None of the borrowers in The Washington Post article requested a review.

In summary, of the 100 large loan borrowers who requested a review, 66 were sent
back to the states to proceed on foreclosure.  Secretary Espy has indicated that
he is in the process of finalizing his personal review of FmHA's findings and
anticipates announcing the lifting of the suspension within a week.

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                January 10, 2014

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 117  words

Govt assistance

 Farm Finance Scheme: Eligible farm businesses can apply for concessional loans
up to $650,000 with an interest rate starting at 4.5% to support farmers with
debt.

Drought Relief Assistance Scheme: Provides freight subsidies up to $20,000 on
the transport of fodder, water and animals

Farm Management Deposits: Allows producers to claim a tax deduction for farm
management deposits

Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate: Helps to establish water infrastructure
for emergency animal welfare needs.

Farm businesses in drought declared areas can be eligible to have their rural
land rents frozen in the 2013/14 financial year.

For more information visit www.daff.qld.gov. au/environment/drought.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RRW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

NATION'S BLACK FARMERS STILL AWAIT JUSTICE

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 811 words


"Mr. John Moses Bonner, 87, of 16119 Courthouse Road, Dinwiddie, Va., entered
eternal rest on Sunday, April 11, 2010, at Southside Regional Center," reads an
April 14 obituary in the Progress-Index in Dinwiddie, Va. "Mr. Bonner was a
member of Mount Level Baptist Church, where he served as the chairman of the
trustee ministry and was a member of the adult Sunday School Class until his
health began to decline.

"He retired from Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. However, farming was his
life-long passion. He served on the Farm Service Committee for 18 years. He was
also one of the original pioneers of the Black Farmers' Movement."

For people outside of tiny Dinwiddie, the life and death of Bonner mean nothing.
He was just a simple old black farmer.

But to John Wesley Boyd Jr., president of the National Black Farmers
Association, the life and death of Bonner epitomize the enduring legacy of
racial injustice in the United States. Boyd, who owns a 300-acre poultry farm in
Baskerville, not far from Dinwiddie, knew Bonner as a child. He saw Bonner and
other black farmers in Virginia fail to get the same loans from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture that white farmers got with ease.

During the early 1980s, Boyd watched as men such as Bonner began a movement to
persuade the USDA to treat them the way white farmers were treated. Nothing
happened. Then, in 1997, Timothy Pigford, a North Carolina black farmer, filed a
lawsuit against the USDA alleging that between 1983 and 1997, the agency treated
black farmers unfairly in decisions to allocate price support loans, disaster
payments, operating loans and farm ownership loans. Then-Secretary of
Agriculture Dan Glickman was the defendant.

In 1999, Pigford and about 2,000 other farmers in the class action settled for
$50,000 apiece to avoid prolonged litigation. Thousands of other black farmers
were unaware of the Pigford vs. Glickman class-action lawsuit and missed the
deadline for filing. The USDA disqualified thousands of others. Boyd led an
effort, known as the Black Farmers Late Claim Bill, to ensure that some 80,000
black farmers would receive compensation.

As a candidate for president, Sen. Barack Obama co-sponsored a bill allowing
black farmers to seek new discrimination claims against the USDA. But as
president, Obama has softened his support and backed away from the decades-old
cause.

In January, the administration announced a $1.2 billion agreement to settle the
claims against the USDA, one of the biggest civil rights settlements ever.
Congress was given a March 31 deadline to approve the funds. Lawmakers
conveniently left Washington on March 23 for a two-week break, thereby missing
the deadline for approving the funds.

Boyd tried to get the administration to declare the settlement an emergency, but
that move failed. It would have freed Congress from the so-called "pay-go"
requirement to reduce budgets for other programs that fund the payments. Obama
refused to give the settlement emergency designation, a move that Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi support.

Boyd's most recent trip to Washington went nowhere. As one who considers Obama
to be a friend after their relationship during the presidential campaign, Boyd
reluctantly blames the president for stalling the funding.

"I'm not going to tell you that I like the president because I love the
president, the first African-American president in history," Boyd said during a
telephone interview from Washington. "The president had a chance to finish the
job for black farmers, but he is caught up in the race thing. The administration
wants to stay away from race and show the president as a world leader. I do,
too. But this is one of those issues about right and wrong, and it goes back to
slavery in this country. Obama shouldn't shy away from it. It's black history.
He should've known Mr. Bonner.

"When we had our White House meeting, they said they couldn't push this as an
emergency with the president's approval. Well, when you're dying and you don't
have operating money and going out of business, that is an emergency. That
pattern is all over the country for black farmers. I'm not a minister, but I've
delivered the eulogies of several black farmers over the past year. I delivered
Mr. Bonner's eulogy. He died looking for the settlement. At this rate, his two
sons, who are farmers, will die looking for justice. That is unfair."

Boyd and other organizers said they will have to restart their "street movement"
to get the administration's attention. "The president may not want to address
race with the black farmers publicly with the energy that he advocated for the
health care legislation," Boyd said. "But he needs to advocate for us and finish
the job. The old black farmers, like John Moses Bonner, are dying off. How many
more eulogies will I deliver before we see some justice?"

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2011 Friday

In hurricane's wake, 'catastrophic' loss to field crops

BYLINE: Justin Hill, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Sept. 02--A tobacco crop that looked like money to area farmers after weekly
rains had allayed the effect of a late spring drought looks like devastation
after being pounded by Hurricane Irene.

"We're looking at 75 to 100 percent losses of tobacco (in Jones County)," Jacob
Morgan of the N.C. Cooperative Extension Service in Jones County said.

Roy Thagard, an agent with the N.C. Cooperative Extension Service in Greene
County, said the storm had a similar effect on the nearly 70,000 acres of crops
in his county.

"Anything in the field, there's going to be a total loss," Thagard said. "It's
catastrophic."

He added crops that did survive are going to have to be harvested by hand to
keep them from rotting in the fields. He estimated upwards of 65 percent loss of
tobacco.

On Thursday, Lenoir and Jones counties were added to the contiguous counties
where family farmers may apply for FSA EM loan assistance. Farmers can apply at
their local FSA office. The deadline for filing an application is May 1.

State and federal crop damage estimates should become available within the next
seven to 10 days.

Hurt less by the hurricane were soybeans -- which haven't fully matured --
below-ground crops like sweet potatoes and peanuts faired the best, according to
Thagard.

"They took the beating a little better," he said.

On Wednesday, Gov. Bev Perdue, meeting with emergency management officials in
Kinston, said she was empathetic with farmers who had suffered losses. She added
she was working to get area damage assessed and emergency relief aid to the
area.

"I don't care what people say, this state was hit hard," Perdue said.
"(Hurricane Irene) was a big, big storm. ... She has done some real devastation
across the coast of North Carolina."

Randy Smith, a Deep Run farmer, said he had insurance for his crop loss, but
that's not much consolation.

"There's nothing like making a yield," he said.

He added the year had been unusual and that drought had turned his tobacco into
a late crop. He said around two-thirds of his tobacco was still in the field
before the storm.

"We had, by far, the most crop in the field at this time of the year that we've
ever had," Smith said. "It wasn't going to be a bad crop (of tobacco), but we
are normally finishing up by (the beginning of September)."

A silver lining, if there is one, is the fact that the decreased supply could
raise prices for next year's tobacco crop. Thagard said he doesn't believe
allotments will be increased, but farmers could get more for what they do
harvest.

"Tobacco looked very good (before the storm)," he said. "If a farmer doesn't
have hog or chicken farms to fall back on, they could be in trouble."

Justin Hill can be reached at 252-559-1078 or jhill@freedomenc.com Follow him on
Twitter @mjhill.

Breakout:

Signing up for federal loan assistance

Eligible family farmers in Lenoir and Jones counties may qualify for FSA EM loan
assistance, in accordance with Section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act

n Deadline to apply: May 1, 2012

n Jones County office: 110 S. Market St., Trenton

n Lenoir County office: 2026 N.C. 11/55, Kinston

8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

Any farmer who suffered a physical and production loss should contact the local
office for additional information.=

___ (c)2011 The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.) Visit The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.)
at www.kinston.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110902-KI-In-hurricane-s-wake-catastrophic-loss-to-field-crops-0902-20110902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2011 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 12, 2008 Saturday

Farm Aid -- Seeger-style

BYLINE: By JON POTTER, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 970 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Pete Seeger once said, "I feel that my whole life is a
contribution."

In the spirit of those words, the legendary folk singer and activist is coming
to Brattleboro on Saturday, Sept. 13, for a 7 p.m. benefit concert at the
Latchis Theatre, accompanied by his grandson, Tao Rodriguez-Seeger, and bluesman
Guy Davis.

More than an important musical event, the concert is a benefit for a new mirco-
loan program to help New England farmers, established through a partnership with
Strolling of the Heifers and The Carrot Project.

"In talking with farmers, we asked 'What else can Strolling of the Heifers help
with?' With each farmer, we heard they can't borrow money to improve their farms
, especially in emergency situations," said Orly Munzing, executive director of
the Strolling of the Heifers.

Like the annual Heifers parade, which draws tens of thousands to Brattleboro in
June, the concert puts an entertaining public face on the more serious work of
the Strolling of the Heifers -- to raise public awareness about the importance
of preserving sustainable agriculture and protecting Vermont's agricultural
landscape.

"This is really to highlight the plight of New England farmers. ... The New
England farmers are the ones who are really suffering," Munzing said. "Pete
Seeger and his friends instantly recognize this real need. They recently helped
raise over $65,000 on their sold-out tour in Ontario for USC-Canada, an
organization dedicated to helping Canadian farmers."

Strolling of the Heifers is hoping to raise at least $100,000 for the micro-loan
fund. The Thomas Thompson Trust and Green Mountain Coffee Roasters have already
provided significant seed money.

The concert, it is hoped, will do the rest.

The connection between The Strolling of the Heifers and The Carrot Project came
about largely through Susan McMahon, Carrot Project advisory board member and
planner for the Windham Regional Commission in Brattleboro.

Formed in late 2005, The Carrot Project is a nonprofit organization based in
Somerville, Mass., and dedicated to making loans and guarantees available and
exploring equity options for small- and mid-sized farmers, low-income farmers
and those using environmentally friendly practices.

The Carrot Project has spent significant time researching farming and finance --
including a survey of 700 farmers in New England and New York. The results
confirmed what Carrot Project board members had long suspected.

"Many farmers that have explored financing are unable to get it," said Dorothy
Suput, founder and executive director of The Carrot Project.

Loans are needed for everything from emergency repairs to start-up costs, to
equipment purchase to grow a business.

As one example, Suput pointed to one farmer who received a loan through a pilot
program to repair a roof on a barn. Because the roof got fixed, that farmer can
expand a growing egg business and store more grain in the winter, saving himself
the cost of purchasing animal feed. That one loan helped a farmer fix a problem,
grow his revenue and cut his expenses.

"The needs are as varied as the farms are," said Suput.

And the need for these loans far outstrips the money available from more
traditional lending sources.

"That's the scary part for me. One of my favorite quotes is from a farmer who
said 'It's easier to get a micro-loan in India than it is in the U.S. for
farmers,'" Suput said.

With pilot program and data in hand, The Carrot Project had been working to fund
a loan program ... "And here comes this angel, Orly," Suput said. "It's
thrilling. It's exciting to partner with them."

The Carrot Project hopes to roll out the New England loan program with Strolling
of the Heifers next winter, according to Suput. At that time it will make
available guidelines and information on how farmers may apply.

In the meantime, there's a concert to be enjoyed, one which people at the
Strolling of the Heifers hope could become an annual event, or even part of an
annual New England-wide series.

The concert on Sept. 13 is co-produced by Strolling of the Heifers and Twin
Cloud Concerts.

Seeger, 89, has spent the better part of seven decades as a performer and
activist. He has recorded dozens of albums and written hundreds of songs,
including "Where Have All the Flowers Gone," "If I Had a Hammer" and "Turn,
Turn, Turn." He received the Presidential Medal of the Arts in 1996, the same
year he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He has scaled back his
performance schedule in recent years.

"We're truly honored that Pete Seeger has chosen to benefit Strolling of the
Heifers and our micro-loan program in one of the very few performances he will
make this year," Munzing said.

Rodriguez-Seeger has been performing with his grandfather for more than 20 years
but has built a following of his own as a member of The Mammals. He plays
guitar, banjo, mandolin and harmonica.

Davis, a longtime Seeger family friend, has recorded numerous CDs and has
performed on "Prairie Home Companion," "Mountain Stage" and on television. He is
an actor, composer, actor, musician and writer, but most of all, a bluesman.

Tickets to the New England Farm Relief Concert are $50 for front orchestra
seats, $40 for rear and side orchestra seats and $30 for balcony seats. For an
additional $15, ticket holders at any level may attend a post-concert reception
with the artists. Seating is general admission in each ticket level section;
there are no individual reserved seats. The show begins at 7 p.m.; doors will
open at 6:15 p.m.

Tickets may be purchased at www.brattleborotix.com ; at the Latchis Hotel or
Vermont Artisan Designs, both in Brattleboro; or at Dynamite Records, 150 Main
St., Northampton, Mass. Cash or checks only at the Latchis, Vermont Artisans and
Dynamite Records. For more information, www.strollingoftheheifers.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 26, 1993

Flood Has Impact on Value of Farmland

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With an estimated eight million acres of Midwestern farmland underwater at some
time, lenders and agricultural experts are beginning to wonder what impact the
flood of 1993 will have on the value of the farmland and on the ability of
borrowers to repay loans.

The Secretary of Agriculture estimated that eight million acres of farmland were
underwent last week and an additional 12 million acres are "affected" by the
flooding in the Midwest, bringing the total area possibly damaged to 20 million
acres.

The Federal Crop Insurance Corp. estimated that it would face an indemnity of $
721 million in the eight states most affected by flooding.  If all farms with
Federal Crop Insurance in those states had a total loss, the liability would be
about $ 5 billion.

Only about 35% of farmers in those states are covered by Federal crop insurance.

Nobody knows at this point what the total crop losses will be or how much impact
they will have on agricultural lenders.

Lenders will likely see the impact in the Fall, when many agricultural loans
come due.

Clinton has pledged $ 2.5 billion in aide to the midwest, but already there is
controversy about the government's proposed aid package.  An early version would
compensate farmers $ .21 for each dollar of crop damage, a figure that was
criticized by midwestern political leaders as inadequate.

Gov. Tommy Thompson, R., Wis., said a proposal to provide farmers with emergency
loans would not help farmers who are already saddled with debt.

"Another loan to Wisconsin farmers is the same as telling them there is no aid
at all," he told reporters.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D., Vt., chairman of the Senate agriculture committee, said
Congress will provide aid but must do so in a "fiscally responsible" way.

"This emergency bill will mark the sixth time in the last six years that bad
weather has moved Congress to adopt an agricultural emergency relief bill," he
said.

From 1980 to 1990, Congress spent almost $ 9 billion on emergency relief, half
of it for the 1988 drought.

That total does not include emergency loans and other regular programs, Sen.
Leahy said.

Sen. Leahy questioned the practice of farming some low-lying land that is
frequently vulnerable to flooding.  Particularly vulnerable land should be
enrolled in the Wetland Reserve Program, he said.

"There are tens of thousands of acres in the Mississippi valley that are often
flooded.  When these fields are flooded, low-interest farm loans are often
forgiven under one program, crop insurance payments are paid from a second
program, and field renovation is subsidized under a third program," he said.

Jon Foley, head of Lawson Bank in Lawson, Mo., said the agricultural damage
appears to be of devastating proportions.  His county alone has an estimated
57,000 to 60,000 acres of damaged crop land, he said.

"A lot of our river-bottom farmers have lost everything.  Losses have been
tremendous in our area."

He said it is too early to assess all the damage.  River-bottom farmers may have
sand deposits to deal with, while farmers uphill have lost soil to erosion.

Mr. Foley said bankers hope the Farmers Home Administration will provide
emergency help so that farmers can obtain the credit they need to stay in
business and deal with the losses.

Most of the farmers in the river valley do not have flood insurance, he said.

Sam Callahan, president of Iowa Bankers Mortgage Corp. in Des Moines, Iowa, said
it was too early to know the extent of the damage, but he said he did not
anticipate major delinquency problems for most of the agricultural borrowers in
their portfolio.

Last week, he said the office was operating for four hours a day with 50% staff,
no running water and limited electricity.

They had not received calls from borrowers affected by the flooding yet.

"I suspect those people who are impacted have not had a chance to call yet," he
said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA designates 156 Texas counties Primary Natural Disaster Areas
with assistance to producers in surrounding states

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated 156 counties in Texas
as primary natural disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by a drought
that occurred from Jan. 1, 2014, and continues. Those counties are:
Andrews  Aransas  Archer  Armstrong
Bailey  Bandera  Baylor  Bee
Bell  Bexar  Blanco  Borden
Bosque  Briscoe  Brown  Burnet
Calhoun  Callahan  Carson  Castro
Childress  Clay  Cochran  Coke
Coleman  Collin  Collingsworth  Comanche
Concho  Cooke  Coryell  Cottle
Crockett  Crosby  Dallam  Dallas
Dawson  Deaf Smith  Denton  DeWitt
Dickens  Dimmit  Donley  Eastland
Ector  Edwards  Ellis  El Paso
Erath  Fannin  Fisher  Floyd
Foard  Frio  Gaines  Garza
Gillespie  Goliad  Gonzales  Gray
Grayson  Hale  Hall  Hamilton
Hansford  Hardeman  Hartley  Haskell
Hemphill  Hidalgo  Hill  Hockley
Hood  Howard  Hutchinson  Irion
Jack  Jackson  Jim Wells  Johnson
Jones  Karnes  Kaufman  Kendall
Kent  Kerr  Kimble  King
Kinney  Knox  Lamb  Lampasas
La Salle  Lipscomb  Llano  Lubbock
Lynn  McCulloch  McLennan  Martin
Mason  Matagorda  Medina  Menard
Midland  Mills  Mitchell  Montague
Moore  Motley  Navarro  Nolan
Nueces  Ochiltree  Oldham  Palo Pinto
Parker  Parmer  Potter  Randall
Reagan  Real  Refugio  Roberts
Rockwall  Runnels  San Patricio  San Saba
Schleicher  Scurry  Shackelford  Sherman
Starr  Stephens  Sterling  Stonewall
Sutton  Swisher  Tarrant  Taylor
Terrell  Terry  Throckmorton  Tom Green
Upton  Uvalde  Val Verde  Victoria
Wheeler  Wichita  Wilbarger  Williamson
Wise  Yoakum  Young  Zavala

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Texas also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those counties are:
Atascosa  Bastrop  Brazoria  Brewster
Brooks  Caldwell  Cameron  Colorado
Comal  Crane  Delta  Duval
Falls  Fayette  Freestone  Glasscock
Guadalupe  Hays  Henderson  Hudspeth
Hunt  Jim Hogg  Kenedy  Kleberg
Lamar  Lavaca  Lee  Limestone
Live Oak  McMullen  Maverick  Milam
Pecos  Somervell  Travis  Van Zandt
Ward  Webb  Wharton  Willacy
Wilson  Winkler  Zapata

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in New Mexico and Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:

New Mexico
Curry  Dona Ana  Lea  Otero
Quay  Roosevelt  Union

Oklahoma
Beaver  Beckham  Bryan  Cimarron
Cotton  Ellis  Harmon  Jackson
Jefferson  Love  Marshall  Roger Mills
Texas  Tillman

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on Jan. 7,
2015, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.
Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Farm loans grow to $800 million

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 140 words


As part of an emergency appropriations bill, Congress has approved a boost in
Farm Service Agency loans requested by Colorado's two senators.

The volume of loans available nationally to farmers, including those in
Colorado, will grow to about $800 million.

Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet, both Democrats, had asked a joint
House-Senate panel to make the move to help farmers - especially those in
Northern Colorado and on the Eastern Plains left in financial limbo by the
closure of New Frontier Bank.

The senators, along with Democratic Rep. Betsy Markey, also persuaded U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to shift funding within loan programs to make
additional money available to qualified farmers.

The emergency funding approved last week increases the overall pot of money for
FSA loans this fiscal year.

Miles Moffeit, The Denver Post

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday

Gov. Taft asks U.S. aid for farmers;
Request affects 72 of state's parched counties

BYLINE: By Ismail Turay Jr. ituray@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 394 words


Although their crop got little relief from this summer's drought, Miami Valley
farmers may get a reprieve if Gov. Taft has his way.

The governor Wednesday requested the U.S. Department of Agriculture designate 72
Ohio counties, including Montgomery, Greene, Darke, Miami, Preble and Shelby, as
disaster areas because of crop loss as a result of the drought.

The disaster area designation, if it is declared, will allow farmers to qualify
for federal emergency loans if they can prove they have suffered a 30 percent
loss in crop production and meet other eligibility and loan requirements,
according to a release.

"The rains this week are not enough for many Ohio farmers who are facing
inevitable drought losses come harvest season," Taft said in a release.

Excluding Tuesday, the Ohio agricultural office reported more than a week ago
that southwest Ohio, which includes Preble, Montgomery, Greene and counties
farther south, was 5.31 inches below normal, and 4.37 inches below normal for
west-central Ohio, which includes Darke, Miami, Clark and counties farther
north.

GOV. BOB TAFT

Based on Aug. 1 conditions, the Agricultural Statistics Service predicted the
state's average corn yield would be 135 bushels per acre, down 23 bushels from
last year's record average yield of 158 bushels. That would translate into a 12
percent drop in Ohio's total corn production from last year.

"I don't think I've had much of a loss this summer, but then again, I won't
really be able to tell until the start of harvesting season in about three
weeks," said Hal Stormont, who farms 1,800 acres of corn and soybeans just
outside of Xenia. "But (federal emergency loans) will help a lot of farmers that
need the help."

Margie Elsner, on the other hand, said the damage to her family's 800-acre
soybean and corn farm near Sidney has been obvious. She estimates that they will
lose about $200 per acre of corn and $100 per acre of soybeans this year.

"It's been a bad crop year," the 73-year-old said.

Her family has never been eligible for disaster relief funds in the past, and
she's pessimistic this year, particularly because she said she doesn't believe
Taft is sincere about helping farmers.

"Our governor is more blow than show," she said. "It's true and I'm too old to
be dishonest."

Contact Ismail Turay Jr. at (937) 225-2295. Staff writer Ben Sutherly
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 13, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

Many Farmers Illegally Denied Loans For Loss of Crops, Eagleton Charges

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A17

LENGTH: 419 words


The Department of Agriculture has denied low-interest emergency disaster loans
illegally to thousands of farmers who have suffered crop losses in the last two
years, Sen. Thomas F. Eagleton (D-Mo.) charged yesterday.

Eagleton, calling on Secretary John R. Block to change the department's policy
immediately, offered no figures, but he said the loan denials were a key factor
in whether farmers already pressed by the economy could continue operations.

Eagleton said that thousands of farmers in more than 500 counties in 33 states
were denied access to the disaster loan program wrongfully in 1981 and 1982 as a
result of policy changes put in place by Block.

An official of the Farmers Home Administration, which oversees the loan program,
said there would be no reaction to Eagleton's charges until department attorneys
review his letter to Block.

Eagleton cited a General Accounting Office study of the program, which concluded
that the department was ignoring 1978 amendments adopted by Congress directing
that farmers' disaster loan applications be reviewed individually.

"We agree that the administration is conducting the program in a manner which is
inconsistent with congressional intent and in violation of the act," the GAO
said, referring to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Under present policy, which USDA officials told the GAO they believed was legal,
farmers are not eligible for the disaster loans unless there has been a 30
percent dollar loss to all cash crops in their county.

But Eagleton, an author of the disaster-loan amendment, differed. He told Block
it was clear that Congress intended farmers to be considered for the federal
assistance on a case-by-case basis.

The GAO study found that the policy had denied farmers access to the program in
more than two-thirds of the states. Georgia was the leader, with 86 counties
denied disaster eligibility during the last two years. Other leaders: Indiana
(50), Michigan (33), Kansas (34) and Iowa and Nebraska (32 each).

"It is unquestionable that in some cases the emergency loan program and its
reduced rates of interest can make the difference between a farmer staying in
business or losing his farm," Eagleton said. "To illegally deny farmers even the
opportunity to apply for an emergency loan is unconscionable."

Eagleton urged Block to reverse the policy and then make an effort to identify
farmers wrongfully denied the loans and, if it is not too late, make the
assistance available to them now.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

No sign of relief for rice industry

LENGTH: 874  words


As the harvest season of Cambodia's most important crop kicks off, a crisis is
looming as both rice farmers and millers face crippling capital shortages and a
promised industry lifeline has yet to materialise.

Industry experts said yesterday that these small farmers desperate to pay their
debt obligations have had no choice but to sell the harvested rice from their
drought and flood-damaged fields at a loss. Meanwhile, millers unable to obtain
bank finance are cutting back on purchases, pushing farm-gate prices even lower.

The sector's best hope - a $20 million to $30 million package of
government-backed emergency loans to help rice millers purchase paddy from
farmers for processing or stockpiling - remains entangled in bureaucratic red
tape. If the funds are not released by the end of the harvest in November, the
economic and social impact could be immense.

'The only hope is for the government to approve the disbursement of loans so
that [millers and storage depots] can buy paddy rice and help farmers resolve
their issues before the end of the harvest season,' said Den Srey Lim, deputy
director of Agricultural Development for Chamroeurn Phal, an agricultural
cooperative in Battambang province.

'If there is no effective solution, farmers will face a serious crisis.'

According to Srey Lim, the market price of paddy rice in the province has fallen
off steeply since the harvest began earlier this month. She said the farm-gate
price on paddy had fallen from about $250 per tonne to $190 per tonne during the
short time that farmers harvested the first 10 percent of their fields.

'Farmers are now facing high risk,' she said. 'They are concerned that if the
price of paddy remains low like this they will face losses and be unable to pay
back their debts.'

She explained that most smallholding rice farmers borrow from microfinance
institutions (MFIs) or fertiliser distributors at the start of the season to
purchase seeds and fertiliser. The farmers have been particularly hard-hit this
year as in addition to a sharp decrease in paddy rice prices, their crops were
damaged by a prolonged drought and recent flooding.

Chhun Hang Lay, managing director of City Rice Import-Export, one of the biggest
rice millers and exporters in Battambang province, said when rice farmers face
issues their problems inevitably spread up the line.

'The farmer is the first person to face an issue, which then spreads to the rice
miller, and soon the whole industry faces a crisis,' he said.

Lay said the market price on paddy rice had plummeted about 25 per cent to $230
per tonne since the start of the month. Yet despite the low price, millers
including his own were cutting down on purchases due to a shortage of capital as
banks had become more strict on extending credit.

'Most of the rice millers have tried to cut down on purchases and are buying
only for export orders as they cannot afford to purchase for stockpiling,' he
said, adding that some millers were holding out until the premium varieties of
jasmine rice come onto the market next month. 'This [lower demand] in turn
impacts the farmers, as they cannot afford to store rice or wait [for paddy
prices to rebound].'

In June, the Cambodia Rice Federation (CRF) announced that the government had
agreed to disburse $20 million to 30 million in emergency loans through the CRF
to its members to ensure that they had sufficient capital to purchase paddy rice
from farmers this season. Yet even with the harvest already started, the fund
are still nowhere to be seen.

Mey Vann, director of the financial industry department at MEF, declined to
comment on the emergency loan package.

CRF finance manager Horn Theara offered two reasons for the hold-up, claiming
that the Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) had still not authorised the
disbursement of the funds, while the CRF, as guarantor of the loans, must
carefully vet the recipients.

'We are trying to help our members because they need it, but because this is
government money coming from private-sector taxation collection we also need to
ensure that millers can repay their loans,' he said. 'It is a difficult balance
to achieve.'

Theara said that while he was unsure when the funding would begin, MEF was
insisting that millers put down rice paddy stock as collateral in order to
qualify for loans. This has created a catch-22.

'Millers do not have enough working capital to purchase rice paddy stock at the
moment,' he said, adding that he hoped MEF would recognise the urgency of the
situation.

'The CRF needs to convince MEF that there are millers that are big enough and
able to be profitable, and who thus deserve funding,' he said. 'The $20 million
to $30 million will not be enough, but we hope that once lending begins, this
will just be the first phase of many to shore up the industry.'

Theara said with the government loan package tied up in red tape, the CRF was
desperately reaching out to the Kingdom's biggest commercial banks for credit
facilities - but stumbling once again on collateral.

'The banks are also reluctant to lend because it is risky and they are not
confident they will be paid back,' he said. 'The banks want the millers to put
down rice paddy stock for collateral as well before they consider lending.'

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

Louisiana: USDA Designates Natural Disaster Areas

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: New York


Baton Rouge: Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, The state of Louisiana has
issued the following news release:   Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner Mike
Strain, D.V.M., said the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) declared 13
parishes as primary natural disaster areas due to a recent drought.  The primary
parishes included under the designation are: Concordia, East Carroll, Grant,
Jackson, LaSalle, Morehouse, Natchitoches, Ouachita, Rapides, Sabine, Vernon,
West Carroll and Winn.  In accordance with section 321(a) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act, additional areas were named as contiguous
disaster parishes. They are: Allen, Avoyelles, Beauregard, Bienville, Caldwell,
Catahoula, De Soto, Evangeline, Lincoln, Madison, Pointe Coupee, Red River,
Richland, Tensas, Union and West Feliciana.  Strain said farmers and ranchers
located in both primary and contiguous parishes are eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible areas have 8 months from the disaster
declaration date to apply for the emergency loans.   In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:

editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 6, 2013

FSA considers Nuckolls Co. to be drought disaster

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 206  words


Nuckolls County has been designated by the Uriited States Department of
Agriculture as a primary natural disaster area because of the current drought.

As Adams, Clay, Fillmore, Thayer and Webster counties are contiguous to Nuckolls
County, they share in the designation.

This designation authorizes emergency (EM) loans for eligible producers.

Emergency loan applications are available for qualifying physical or production
losses caused by these disaster conditions. Physical losses include structures,
equipment, supplies and livestock while production losses include crops. These
loans do require security and the ability to repay the loan.- The deadline for
submitting applications is Jan. 29, 2014. For additional details contact a local
FSA Service Center.

In addition to the Emergency (EM) Loan Program, the Farm Service Agency lias
other loan programs and disaster assistance programs which can be considered in
assisting farmers to recover from their losses.

Other federal agencies such as FHMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) and
SBA (Small Business Administration) may also have assistance program because of
the declaration.

The Thayer Central High School Titans golf team captured the Nebraska state
Class D golf championship.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Superior Express


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Northwest Florida Daily News

                            October 23, 2005, Sunday

Storm-battered agricultural community still waits for helping hand

BYLINE: By Morris Fraser

LENGTH: 1065 words



Copeland Griswold left his farmhouse south of Chumuckla shortly after Hurricane
Dennis roared out of the way on July 10 and began exploring his timber stand. He
felt as if someone had died.

"I have 4,000 acres in timber," the 77-year-old Griswold said. "I'll never see
it again.

"I had that for my offspring. Trees standing from Ivan, it got 'em.

"I walked across the creek from there and it was like after burying a close
relative. There was a emptiness. It's a bad way to describe, but it was like
after a funeral."

Griswold, who has been farming since the 10th grade, is among more than 500
farmers in Santa Rosa County alone who are feeling Dennis' aftermath and are
facing some perilous financial times.

While the loblolly and longleaf pines will not grow to harvest during Griswold's
lifetime, farm advocates such as the Florida Farm Bureau are making efforts to
seek federal support to rebuild structures and pay for damaged crops in order to
prop up what always has been a tenuous financial enterprise.

"Money from the 2004 hurricanes is all dried up. We're waiting for congressional
action to refill the coffers," said Casey Walsh, legislative director for the
Florida Farm Bureau.

Farm Bureau president Carl B. Loop wrote to Mike Johanns, secretary of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, in August, reminding him that farms in the Florida
Panhandle still were in need of emergency funding because of damage from Dennis.

"We did receive back a letter from the secretary on Oct. 3," Walsh said. "We
were assured that the USDA will continue to use its existing authority to supply
help. Those programs include the Farm Service Agency, noninsured crops programs,
emergency loans and disaster setasides. They don't have the authority to send
money."

Walsh and district director Marion Tidwell were in a travel group more than two
weeks ago that spoke with representatives of the American Farm Bureau, the USDA
and the staffs of the Florida congressional delegation.

"They were very receptive," said Tidwell, who represents Escambia, Santa Rosa
and Okaloosa counties from his residence in Pace. "What we got, I don't know.
It'll probably be spring before there are any results from that meeting.

"My experience, you go in with two hands cupped together, begging. You come out
with two fingers pinched together." "We spoke about putting (funding aid) in the
next disaster assistance bill," Walsh said. That will be several months off,
almost immediately in congressional terms and almost forever on the timeline of
farmers needing help. And more immediate programs have their Catch-22s,
according to Walsh. "Farmers are eligible for loans from the FSA," he said. "The
problem is, in order to receive that loan, you have to be denied by a private
lender first. So Joe Farmer has his hay barn go down and wants to rebuild. He
first must go to a bank and be denied. Banks aren't going to deny, because
Florida land is very valuable now."

The farm bureau wants rules to be changed to allow more immediate access to
federal loans.

"We hope to get something fixed and hope it happens in this (disaster
assistance) package," Walsh said.

Cotton and peanuts are the two most important crops in the panhandle.

"Peanuts (are) down 1,000 pounds per acre," Tidwell said. "Twenty-five hundred
pounds is average, and a high yield is 3,800 pounds. It's down to 1,500 pounds."

He attributed the low yield to water standing in the fields that rotted the
peanuts.

"Cotton is too soon to tell," he said. "Ordinarily, we get 1, 1 bales. We'll be
lucky to get three-quarters a bale an acre. Of course, these are all
estimations."

Walsh has production loss estimates following Dennis from Escambia, Santa Rosa,
Okaloosa and Walton counties. While he doesn't have countyby-county breakdowns,
he said Santa Rosa and Escambia suffered much more damage than the other
counties.

"Agriculture damage was $ 18,050,000," he said. "Structural damage was $ 10.5
million. Total damage was $ 28,550,000."

"Buildings are about all gone," Tidwell said. "Long story short, they'll have to
build them out of pocket if they don't get a commercial loan. Or try to get a
loan through the FHA, low interest on seven years to rebuild and pay it off.
This is common practice with grain storage."

"Barns and outbuildings and some houses suffered more damage than Ivan did in
our rural area," Griswold said. "I picked up more barns in fields than I did
trees.

"Some of those old barns and sheds that I had were worth little money, but they
served the purpose. If you go back to build on back, they might be worth $ 5,000
but would cost me $ 20,000 far as insurance value. But to replace them you
better have a deep pocket.

"The USDA would help some, of course. (But) USDA has never paid since 1933, has
never paid on structures. They need to, because listen, if a man has a crop in
the shed and it blowed away, he's had a loss there too, you know. It's a double
loss, if you look at it like that."

When it comes to the building blocks -- trees -- Tidwell said, "Look for little
relief."

"There's a $ 10,000 write-off for damage to timber, and that's a drop in the
bucket" he said.

Griswold agreed.

"Goodness," he exclaimed. "I had $ 500,000, $ 600,000 in timber loss."

"Timber was salvageable," Tidwell said. "But they had to go to market pretty
soon. (But) what was selling for $ 50-$ 60 a ton is selling for $ 15. Pulpwood
is $ 18-$ 21 normally, sold for $ 2-$ 5 a ton. And there's no damage to
pulpwood; they just grind it up anyway."

Even having money to make repairs doesn't mean farmers will be back to normal
soon.

"It's a long way to get back to normal," Tidwell said. "On timber, it takes at
least 20 to 25 years to recover, and three to four years to overcome cropping.
And that's assuming no more hurricanes."



-----

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News -- including its homes, jobs,
cars and other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwfdailynews.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FO-AGRICULTURE-STORMS-20051023

JOURNAL-CODE: FO

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: Loans available from Farm Service Agency

BYLINE: Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 152 words


Nov. 4--The Farm Service Agency is accepting assistance applications for
emergency loans from Douglas County farmers who suffered crop or livestock
losses because of severe storms, flooding and tornadoes from May 22 to June 16.

The FSA county office, 1217 Biltmore Drive, Suite 100, will accept applications
until March 9.

Applicants must be operating a family-size farm or ranch, must be unable to get
credit elsewhere and must have suffered a qualifying physical or production loss
from the disaster.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081104-LW-BRF-Loans-available-from-Farm-Service-Agency-1104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2008 Journal-World


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Disaster designations open emergency loans up to area farmers

BYLINE: Marcia Nelesen, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 158 words


July 27--JANESVILLE -- A federal edict declaring Rock, Walworth and 21 other
counties natural disaster areas will make low-interest emergency loans available
for farmers with cash-flow problems.

The loans will help farmers purchase feed or whatever else they need to make it
through to next year, said Jim Stute, UW Extension crops and soils agent.

"It's going to help some people, I'm sure," he said.

To be eligible, farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss in a major
crop and be unable to continue with an existing lender, said Judy Schambow,
executive director with the Rock County Farm Service Agency.

The emergency loans carry a 2.25 percent interest rate.

For a full story, read Friday's Gazette, read online in the Gazette's E-Edition
or check back at GazetteXtra.com.

___ (c)2012 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120727-JG-BRF-Disaster-designations-open-emergency-loans
-up-to-area-farmers-0727-20120727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2012 The Janesville Gazette


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ANCHOR BANK EARNINGS FALL 39% IN QUARTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 531 words


Citing increased loan loss provisions, Madison-based Anchor BanCorp
(Nasdaq:ABCW) today announced net income of $6.3 million for the quarter ended
Dec. 31, 2007 - a 39 percent decline from the same quarter of 2006.

Net income for the past nine-months was $25.5 million, down from $30.7 million
for the period in 2006. For the quarter, loan loss provisions increased to $7.8
million versus $3.4 million a year ago.

Earnings per share were $0.30 for the quarter ended Dec. 31, vs. $0.48 for the
same quarter last year.

"The decline in our net income for the quarter was driven by an increase in our
provision for loan losses," said Anchor chairman Doug Timmerman. "Reserves were
increased in recognition of the challenging environment presented by the
softening economy and downturn in the real estate market."

Alliant Energy net income increases 26% in 2007

Madison-based Alliant Energy Corp. (NYSE: LNT) today announced net income from
continuing operations of $425.6 million in 2007 compared to $338.3 million in
2006. That includes an after-tax gain of $122.7 million from the sale of
Interstate Power and Light Company's (IPL's) electric transmission assets.

Excluding the IPL gain, earnings from continuing operations for Alliant's
utility business were higher in 2007 due to increased electric margins resulting
from improved fuel cost recoveries and weather-related impacts, lower costs from
retirement and incentive compensation plans and the effect of fewer shares
outstanding following the completion of a common stock repurchase program.

Wisconsin farm numbers hold steady in 2007

The number of farms in Wisconsin in 2007 remained steady at 76,000, the same as
the year before, according to figures from the USDA.

Total land in farms declined 100,000 acres to 15.2 million acres, while the
average farm size was 200 acres, down slightly from 2006.

But there was a shift upward in the economic performance of state farms. For
2007, there were 4,400 farms with sales of $250,000 to $499,999, and 2,700 farms
with sales of $500,000 or more.

Oshkosh Truck Corp. drops 'truck' from name

APPLETON - Oshkosh Truck Corp. has dropped the 'Truck' from its name.

The manufacturer of specialty emergency, military and other vehicles, said
shareholders approved a proposal to rename the company Oshkosh Corp. at its
annual meeting on Tuesday in Appleton. The change takes effect immediately.

The company's lines include Oshkosh Specialty Vehicles, Pierce Manufacturing
Inc., the leading fire truck manufacturer, and JLG Industries, Inc., which makes
equipment used in nonresidential construction.

BRIEFLY

* Capitol Bank and Capitol Bankshares, Inc. on Tuesday reported its net income
grew 34 percent to $1.59 million last year. Earnings per share grew to $5.10, an
increase of 31 percent.

The bank reported total assets of $179.3 million, up 10 percent. As of year end
2007, Capitol Bank reported no increase to loan loss provisions and no loans
over 90 days past due.

* Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., which includes operations in Fitchburg, today
reported fourth-quarter net income of $239.8 million, or 54 cents per share,
compared with $25.3 million, or 8 cents per share, in the same quarter a year
ago.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday

BRIEF: Emergency loans available to Northeastern Minnesota farmers

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 196 words


Jun. 9--Emergency loans are available for eligible farmers in St. Louis, Cass,
Cook, Itasca and Lake counties through the Farm Service Agency.

The counties are among 30 in Minnesota that President Obama included in an
emergency declaration for severe storms and flooding that happened between March
16 and May 22.

The application deadline is Dec. 14 for St. Louis County, Dec. 22 for Cass and
Itasca counties and Dec. 28 for Cook and Lake counties. The FSA will consider
each application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available, repayment ability and other eligibility requirements.

For more information, call the Aitkin FSA office at (218) 927-2912 or log on to
www.fsa.usda.gov/pas/disaster/assistance1.htm.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090609-DU-BRF-Emergency-loans
-available-to-Northeastern-Minnesota-farmers-0609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2009 Duluth News-Tribune


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Nebraska Governor Asks for Farm Aid

                           December 14, 1984, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Nebraska Gov. Bob Kerrey has asked the help of President Reagan and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. in heading off a potential disaster for Nebraska's farm
economy.

In a letter to the President, Gov. Kerrey urged that Farmers Home Administration
funds allocated to the state for 1985 be made available immediately. And in a
separate letter to FDIC Chairman William M. Isaac, the governor accused the
agency of taking a harsh and unsympathetic attitude as it liquidates failed
banks in the state.

In his letter to President Reagan, Gov. Kerrey said help was needed ''to head
off a disaster in Nebraska.''

Nebraska has been hard hit by the failure of four banks and the liquidation of
two production credit associations (PCAs) since Labor Day, all of which were
located in the north-central part of the state, Gov. Kerrey said.  In addition,
another bank in the area failed in 1983.

Although the banks and PCAs were taken over by other organizations,
''credit-worthy clients are simply not receiving the credit needed to operate
their farms and ranches,'' the governor said.

He urged the President to take emergency action and immediately release FmHA
funds for direct real estate loans allocated to Nebraska for the beginning of
next year.

B.D. Riblett, chief of the farm program division of the Nebraska FmHA, said that
$15.3 million in funds are scheduled to be released during the first half of
1985. He said the FmHA has already overdrawn its allotment of funds available
for the rest of 1984.

''We're going to run out of money before the fiscal year and it appears that the
mood in Washington is not to approve any more money for farmers,'' he said.

Farmers affected by the recent bank and PCA closings ''all end up on our
doorstep and we can't take care of what we've got,'' Mr. Riblett said.

Gov. Kerrey asked President Reagan to instruct the FDIC to consider
''site-specific'' needs when liquidating Nebraska banks. He said FDIC
liquidators were taking all the receipts of crop and livestock sales by farmers
and ranchers who had delinquent loans at the failed banks, thus leaving them
without any operating cash.

'Harsh Attitudes'

In his letter to Mr. Isaac, Gov. Kerrey said: ''I am concerned that the attitude
of the FDIC through its liquidating efforts has been extremely harsh in some
instances, and if reason is not brought into the discussion, the difficulties
will only increase.''

He said farm families need operating cash to survive the winter months and that
some FDIC personnel ''have not been sympathetic'' to their problems.

Gov. Kerrey urged the FDIC to consider the unique aspects of each situation
rather than apply ''broad generalizations'' as to how it will treat delinquent
loans.

''A more restrained, cooperative attitude is necessary as your liquidators
attempt to do their job and deal with a very real and significant problem in our
state,'' he said.

Gov. Kerrey asked President Reagan to urge Congress to reactivate the economic
emergency loan program and to allow the FmHA to treat loan applications of
farmers formerly served by the failed banks in the same manner as applicants
currently served by the FmHA. He said the state of Nebraska would hire temporary
loan officers to handle the additional work.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 546 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 5, 1983 Saturday

Loan guarantees   halved for farms

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 262 words


By  KEVIN COX
   The Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, faced with having to pay off
 several farm loans it guaranteed under an emergency financing scheme, has
 lowered the total amount of money it will pay banks if a large number of
 farmers default on their loans.

The province is "asking the banks to assume some of the risk" in farm
 lending, according to Nancy Bardecki, head of the Ontario Farm Assistance
 Program. Under the program for 1982, she said, the province will cover
 farmers' loans only up to 50 per cent of a bank's total portfolio.

In 1983 the province will guarantee to pay loans up to 75 per cent of
 the bank's total loans under the program, she said.

While Mrs. Bardecki said there will be several defaults of loans by
 farmers in the program, which offers loan guarantees or interest rate
 rebates to farmers in financial difficulty, she added it would be "next to
 impossible" for any bank's losses on the loans to amount to 50 per cent of
 its lending.

The province now has more than $40-million in farm loans guaranteed
 under the program.

Several farmers had reacted angrily to the change, believing it
 amounted to a 50 per cent reduction in individual loan guarantees, a move
 they feared would dramatically reduce bank financing of agriculture.

But Mrs. Bardecki said individual guarantees are still covered in full.
"What it means is that if a bank has $10-million in farm loans under  the
program, we will only pay for $5 million of those losses . . . . But  unless
something incredible were to take place we just can't see anything  like that
happening."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                          December 11, 1999, Saturday

Bank of America Down on the Farm

SECTION: Pg. 6Asum

LENGTH: 261 words


The U.S. Farm Service Agency has named the Bank of America a preferred lender,
citing the bank's participation in a program designed to help farmers who do not
meet conventional agricultural credit criteria.  Under the program, the farm
agency will guarantee as much as 90 percent of agriculture loans made to
farmers. The guarantee limit to any single family-owned farm or operating entity
is $ 700,000. Loans may be structured as term debt or lines of credit.     Bank
of America has trained agricultural credit specialists and community development
lenders to support the program.     Preferred lender status has been awarded in
each of the 21 Bank of America retail states, as well as in the District of
Columbia.     Banks are granted preferred status after meeting certain
eligibility requirements, which include loan volume and a low loss rate on
agricultural loans. They also must have designated and qualified agricultural
loan professionals.     The Farm Service Agency supports American farmers
through commodity programs, farmer operating and emergency loans, conservation,
domestic and overseas food assistance and disaster programs that improve the
economic stability of agriculture and the environment.     These programs help
farmers produce an adequate food supply, assist farmers to compete for export
sales of commodities in the world marketplace and keep consumer prices
reasonable while caring for the environment and natural resources.     Bank of
America's agribusiness commitments were $ 16 billion as of Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Daily Record Co.


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSE PANEL URGES APPROVAL OF SENATE FARM BILL TO SAVE 2 MEASURES

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 28


The House Rules Committee recommended today that the House accept the Senate's
emergency farm credit legislation in full.

If it does so, Senate opponents would not have another opportunity to eliminate
parts of the measure that are opposed by President Reagan.

A House vote on the recommendation has been scheduled for Tuesday.

Senator Jesse Helms, the North Carolina Republican who heads the Senate
Agriculture Committee, said that if this maneuver succeeded, Mr. Reagan would
veto the measure and, in so doing, kill the $175 million African famine relief
bill to which the emergency credit package was attached in the Senate Wednesday.
The same day the House passed a separate bill.

2 Disputed Sections

Two sections of the Senate measure, introduced by Farm Belt Democrats, were
particularly objectionable to the Reagan Administration and the Senate's
Republican leaders, although some Middle Western Republicans co- sponsored them.

One would provide special price-support loans on crops that will not be
harvested until next fall, a plan that was estimated to cost $3.7 billion to
$8.7 billion this year. The other would provide $100 million to help bankers
reduce interest rates on commercial farm loans. The Administration and the
Senate's Republican leaders insisted that the two provisions were too expensive
and that Federal action was not needed by the banks in helping debt-ridden
farmers avoid bankruptcy.

Senator Helms was describing to reporters the tactics Administration supporters
would use to kill these two provisions in conference committee when he learned
of the Rules Committee's move to avoid the need for a conference to resolve
differences between the two bills.

''If there is no conference on them,'' Mr. Helms said, ''then the President has
assurred us he'll veto the measure, even if it means killing additional food aid
for starving Africans.''

When similar measures passed by the House and Senate differ in some particulars,
these differences are resolved in a conference committee made up of members of
each body. Conference agreements are usually accepted by each body.

Representative E. (Kika) de la Garza, the Texas Democrat who is chairman of the
House Agriculture Committee, said that no one was trying to hide anything by
accepting the Senate bill.

Bid for Quick Action

''We're not plotting anything,'' he said. ''We just want to put it on a fast
track and get it out of here as soon as possible so the farmers will have this
help in spring planting.''

Mr. Helms was outlining a new farm policy bill, separate from any farm credit
legislation, that he will introduce this week. His proposals were similar in
design but not so drastic as those in the Administration's proposed Agriculture
Adjustment Act of 1985, which was introduced last week.

The Helms bill would set price-support loan rates lower than current levels.
Like the Administration's measure, his would set them on the basis of
free-market prices, but instead of putting them at 75 percent of the three- year
average price, he would give the Agriculture Secretary the option to set the
level at up to 85 percent.

His plan would retain subsidy payments to grain and cotton farmers, instead of
gradually eliminating them over five years as Agriculture Secretary John R.
Block wants. But the Helms measure would reduce these subsidies from current
levels, which vary with each crop, to levels of 110 to 120 percent of the new
price- support loan rate.

His bill, like the Administration's, calls for a lower limit on the amount of
subsidies a farmer could receive in any year. But instead of setting this limit
at $20,000 next year as the Administration would, he would set the subsidy
''cap'' at a level equal to the median farm family income of the previous year.
In 1984 this was $24,500.

The export provisions of the Helms bill would go much further than the
Administration's in retaliating against other farm exporting countries that
subsidize their exports.

They would require the Agriculture Secretary to spend at least $1 billion for
special loans or loan guarantees for third world countries buying American farm
products. It would also require the Secretary to sell, at reduced prices,
150,000 tons of surplus cheese, butter, and powdered milk each year and would
authorize him to give foreign buyers surplus farm commodities in return for
large orders of other American farm products.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday

Latta, Brown applaud volunteer cleanup crews during tour: Lawmakers visit region
after storms

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1193 words


Jun. 12--DELTA, Ohio -- Larry Lewis fought tears Friday to recount the tornado
that rocked his Fulton County home and leveled his barn last week.

"It was hell," he said. "You could hear glass breaking and things slamming into
the house."

Friday , hundreds of volunteers continued the cleanup of the storm-ravaged lots
at Mr. Lewis' property and around the region.

"They have been great and we are just so thankful," he said.

Similar appreciation for the outpouring of volunteer aid came from two federal
lawmakers who toured tornado-damaged areas in both counties Friday.

"It is amazing to see what the volunteers have done," U.S. Rep. Bob Latta (R.,
Bowling Green) said on Fulton County Road 7, where the majority of the
destruction in that county occurred.

"They should be proud of their community, the way they came together," Sen.
Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) said at the Lake Township Fire Department after getting
a briefing.

Mr. Brown said he was "virtually certain" Gov. Ted Strickland's appeal on
Wednesday for a disaster declaration would be approved by President Obama.

"We expect help on everything from cleanup to rebuilding of the high school,"
Mr. Brown said. "We don't know exactly what form it will take, but it will be
soon and it will be significant."

The tornadoes that plowed through northwest Ohio the night of June 5 caused five
deaths and damaged an estimated 79 homes in Wood County and 68 in Fulton County.
Among the buildings destroyed were the Lake Township Administration Building and
Lake High School.

Tornadoes also destroyed two homes in Swanton Township, Lucas County, and
damaged others, county Emergency Services Director Dennis Cole said.

He said the homes were insured and that Lucas County won't qualify for a direct
disaster declaration. But because the county is adjacent to two counties likely
to be declared eligible for disaster aid, homeowners would qualify for
low-interest loans to help make up for underinsured damage.

The governor's disaster declaration estimated the public cost of cleanup,
temporary facilities, and emergency protection at about $1.3 million for Fulton,
Ottawa, and Wood counties.

Tornadoes also tore a path of destruction through Monroe County, Michigan,
destroying five houses and damaging more than 180 others.

All over Lake Township in Wood County and in Swancreek Township in Fulton County
the signs of energetic recovery, operations were everywhere. But so was the
evidence of more work ahead.

At Gary Welling's farm on Moline-Martin Road in Lake Township, some equipment
and barns remained in the same overturned, mangled condition Saturday night's
tornado left them in, even though trucks and workers were laboring to clear the
rubble.

Mr. Welling said he doesn't know whether he'll be able to rebuild his demolished
farm and food-processing operation.

But he still has a sense of humor.

Mr. Welling was wearing one of the T-shirts the family designed after a 1992
tornado damaged the property they were renting on Bradner Road.

The T-shirt reads, "I survived the tornado of '92, but my barn didn't." His wife
added "& 2010" after "92."

He said an emergency declaration might help him resume his farming operations.

"It would help, especially if there's some kind of financial aid in my case to
help rebuild," Mr. Welling said. "If I had the money to rebuild, I would. It all
depends on the insurance." He said the farm, which grew grain, including white
corn for the Mexican food market, had a lot of older equipment whose value would
fall short of its replacement cost.

Wood County Commissioner Tim Brown said 79 homes were impacted, from minor
damage to total destruction.

He said local officials would look to the Federal Emergency Management Agency
for grants and low-interest loans.

He said emergency responders would seek reimbursement for overtime costs
credited to the tornado.

Justin Thompson, director of the Fulton County Emergency Management Agency, said
"well over 600 volunteers" have been sent to clean up some of the 68
storm-damaged homes.

Chain-saw crews were directed from property to property to cut downed trees
while volunteers then pulled the wood to the roadside.

In Wood County, more than 1,600 volunteers have helped clean up since Monday,
and 400 to 500 meals a day have been prepared to feed the volunteers, Lake
Township officials said yesterday.

Losing her own home in the storm that sent her to the hospital didn't stop
longtime volunteer Beverly Hicks.

Mrs. Hicks, 78, a volunteer for more than 20 years with the Lake Township Fire
Maids, reported for meal preparation duty the day after the tornado picked up
her Collins Road house and moved it about 18 feet.

She slept through the storm, and said she never felt pain from the dozens of
glass shards that doctors told her remain in her body.

She's grateful about 20 volunteers helped clear debris from her 173 acres of
farmland.

Now it's her turn to pitch in, Mrs. Hicks said.

"I just feel blessed that I didn't get killed," she said. "I feel real blessed."

Hundreds more volunteers are expected to stream into Lake Township today, and at
least two local landfills extended hours to accommodate the tornado cleanup.

The Hoffman Road Landfill, 3962 Hoffman Rd. in Toledo, will be open 7 a.m. to 2
p.m. today.

The Evergreen RDF Landfill, 2625 East Broadway in Northwood, extended hours
today to stay open until noon.

Steven Spitler of the office of Ohio Treasurer Kevin L. Boyce said $20 million
will be allocated for reduced-interest loans for storm victims through the Renew
Ohio program. The program offers loans up to 3 percent below the market interest
rate, Mr. Spitler said.

Those interested can call the treasurer's local office at 419-241-2957 or the
Columbus office at 1-800-228-1102.

Small business owners and the agricultural community can apply for priority rate
reduction assistance through the Treasury's GrowNOW Program.

Rescue divers and fire crews spent most of Thursday searching a pond near the
destroyed Lake Township administration building, after officials studied a
security tape that caught the fierceness of Saturday night's tornado.

Some thought that a large piece of flying debris could be that of a body, Lake
Township Police Chief Mark Hummer said during a news conference yesterday. The
search revealed that the debris was two piles of concrete rubble.

"We reviewed it, and kept going over and said, 'You know, we're just not
sure,'-- " Chief Hummer said. "We want to do our due diligence and make sure we
are not missing anybody."

Chief Hummer also reminded would-be gawkers to stay away, and said that officers
will start ticketing those drivers who are ignoring road-closing signs.

Staff writers Ignazio Messina and Bridget Tharp contributed to this report.

Contact Tom Troy at:

tomtroy@theblade.com

or 419-724-6058.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100612-TO-Latta-Brown-applaud-volunteer-cleanup-crews-during-tour-0612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

San Juan County earns drought designation

BYLINE: By Chuck Slothower cslothower@daily-tiumes.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 407 words


FARMINGTON   San Juan County was one of 19 in New Mexico included in a federal
natural disaster designation due to the ongoing drought.

The designation as a primary natural disaster area, made by U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack on Wednesday, allows an extended deadline for farmers
and ranchers to apply for emergency federal loans.

"It basically will give farmers and ranchers more time to apply for emergency
loan assistance," said Andrew Stoddard, spokesman for Rep. Ben Ray Lujcn,
D-Nambc.

All counties in northwest New Mexico are eligible for Farm Service Agency aid.

Farmington received 5.06 inches of precipitation in 2012, as measured at Four
Corners Regional Airport. About 11 inches is normal, according to the National
Weather Service.

"Last year was the hottest year ever in the United States, leaving farmers and
ranchers across New Mexico struggling in the face of devastating drought
conditions," Lujcn said in a prepared statement.

"We have also been impacted by a lack of rain and snowfall during the monsoon
and winter months," he said. "The disaster declarations by the secretary of
agriculture will make important resources available to help farmers make ends
meet during this difficult time."

Vilsack first designated San Juan County as being in drought in August. This
week's announcement extends the deadline for loan applications up to eight
months from Wednesday.

Lujcn said Congress should make it easier for farmers and ranchers to make it
through drought.

"It is also vital that Congress work toward a new farm bill, which reforms
drought and crop insurance and helps farmers and ranchers better endure severe
drought conditions," he said.

The drought has left New Mexico and much of the West in a severe hay shortage.
Prices for alfalfa hay have soared to $220-$285 per ton, and $8-$9 per bale,
according to a November report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

There have been reports across the West of hay thefts.

Ranchers have been culling their herds as a result of the drought. New Mexico
ranchers have culled 60,000 mother cows, said Dalene Hodnett, spokeswoman for
the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau.

"That's a significant loss, not just of cattle in the state, but their
genetics," she said.

Cotton farmers are reacting to the drought by concentrating their water on fewer
acres. They're also having to pump more water, which adds costs.

"All of those cumulative effects just continue on," Hodnett said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Heavener Ledger (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

All Counties Designated Disasters

BYLINE: Heavener Ledger staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack designated all 77 counties in Oklahoma as
primary natural disaster areas due to drought and heat, making all qualified
farm operations in the areas eligible for low-interest emergency loans. This is
the first disaster declaration made by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in
2013. All 77 counties were similarly designated in 2012. This new designation
will cover growing 2013 crops.

"The drought situation here in our state is proving to be challenging for all
sectors of agriculture," said Oklahoma Secretary of Ag-riculture, Jim Reese.
"While we are starting 2013 with drought conditions, we are hoping for more
favorable weather this year."

The Oklahoma counties that have been included in this designation have shown a
drought intensity value of at least D2 for eight consecutive weeks based on the
U.S. Drought Monitor. The Drought Monitor scale ranges from D1 to D4 with D1
being moderate drought and D4 being exceptional drought. Oklahoma has had a
majority of counties designated as D4 during both 2011 and 2012. The emergency
loans that are available through the USDA have a 2.15% interest rate and allow
producers to access funding resources that will hopefully assist with production
and physical losses. Producers can visit their local county Farm Service Aeency
(FSA") office to learn more about the programs and eligibility. Thirteen other
states in the U.S. had counties designated as disaster areas including Texas,
Kansas, Missouri, New Mexico and Arkansas.

"This designation will assist our producers in making critical operating
decisions as we head into the new year," said Secretary Reese. "I understand the
challenges that Mother Nature can bring to the agriculture industry and I hope
for more rain in 2013.I continue to express my thankfulness to those in the ag
sector for their fortitude and ingenuity to fight through tough weather
conditions to continue to provide the safest, most affordable food supply in the
world."

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HVL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Heavener Ledger


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

Microloans expand small farm options

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 371  words


Donley County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Officer Debbie Roberts,
announced that beginning farmers and ranchers in Texas now have a new Microloan
credit option to consider.

On January 17, FSA started offering Microloans which are designed to help
farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan features a
streamlined application process built to fit the needs of beginning and the
smallest of family farmers and ranchers.

"The microloan application process is simpler and requires less paperwork than
traditional operating loans," said Roberts. "This loan program will also be
useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community supported
agriculture," she said.

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $196.4 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Texas. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended totaling $129.4 million, while
farm ownership loans totaled more than $61 million. In 2012, $5.7 million in
emergency loans were made to producers in Texas recovering from natural
disasters.

"The current interest rate for Microloans is 1.25 percent and the maximum term
for microloans is seven years," according to Roberts. "Producers can contact
their local FSA farm loan office for details about the Microloan Program."

Microloans can be used to pay for initial start-up expenses such as hoop houses
to extend the growing season, essential tools, irrigation, delivery vehicles and
annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land rents and marketing
and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase, applicants can apply for
an operating loan up to the maximum amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from
a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed Loan Program.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers obtain loans across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has
provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling more than $18
billion. In Texas, more than 70 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For information on Microloans, contact The Donley County USDA service center at
806-874-3561.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Clarendon Enterprise


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Wingham Chronicle

                                 March 3, 2015

NSW farmers reminded to apply for assistance

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 269  words


The Rural Assistance Authority is reminding NSW farmers to apply for assistance
available under the Commonwealth government's Farm Finance Concessional Loans
Scheme.

General manager, Rural Assistance Authority, John Newcombe said time is running
out and NSW farmers have until April 30, 2015 to apply for a farm finance loan.

'The $50 million Farm Finance Scheme allows eligible farm businesses to
restructure existing debt in the form of low-interest loans,' Mr Newcombe said.

'The scheme is available to NSW farmers who have commercial viable businesses
but are currently struggling with high levels of debt and experiencing financial
hardship.

'The Rural Assistance Authority (RAA) is administering the Farm Finance and
Drought Concessional Loans Schemes on behalf of the Commonwealth.

'Loans of up to $650,000 are available to refinance up to half of existing
long-term commercial borrowings.'

Mr Newcombe said producers who are considering applying for a farm finance loan
should talk to an expert about their options.

'It is very important that farmers do not self-assess and seek advice about
their farm finances,' Mr Newcombe said.

Information on the Farm Finance Concessional Loans Scheme is available by
contacting the RAA on toll free 1800 678 593 or by visiting the RAA website at
http://www.raa.nsw.gov.au/assistance/farm-finance-package.

For more information about other NSW Government assistance measures, visit
www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought. For more information about
Commonwealth assistance measures, including the Farm Household Allowance, visit
www.daff.gov.au/agriculture-food/drought.

LOAD-DATE: March 05, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

New PdC hospital to get USDA loan worth tens of millions

BYLINE: Mike Tighe, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 844 words


March 01--PRAIRIE DU CHIEN -- Prairie du Chien Memorial Hospital will get a shot
in the arm today with a multimillion-dollar U.S. Department of Agriculture loan
to build a new facility.

Officials are mum about the actual amount of the loan until Dallas Tonsager,
rural development undersecretary of the USDA, reveals it this morning, but say
it is in the tens of millions.

That will go a long way toward bringing the $50 million project to fruition,
they say.

The need is obvious, CEO Bill Sexton said during an interview Thursday in the
present hospital, which has been renovated 11 times since it was built 55 years
ago.

"Technology when this was designed was the iron lung," Sexton said. "The
building has been well maintained, and it's in good shape, but there is no
opportunity to grow."

The 25-bed hospital has been able to keep up with much of the technology, he
said.

"We have more high-tech than most our size. We've made it work, but this is not
for the future," he said.

The hospital's staff of 312 includes five doctors, with additional physicians at
the Great River Community Medical Clinic. Gundersen Lutheran and Mayo also
provide services, including surgery and obstetrics, at Memorial. Other offerings
include pediatrics, diagnostics, medical screenings, 24-hour emergency room,
wellness programs and nearly 60 other services.

But limitations abound, such as small patient rooms that lack showers and
cramped emergency rooms, Sexton said.

The hospital, at 90,000 square feet, is so landlocked in this city of about
6,000 that it leases parking space from the Prairie du Chien School District
across the street, and its helipad is in the United Methodist Church's parking
lot across another street.

Land won't be a problem at the new site, a 105-acre parcel across from the
municipal airport. Current plans call for the hospital and parking areas to take
up 45 acres, with room for expansion later, Sexton said.

The new 25-bed facility, projected to be 137,500 square feet, will feature
larger patient rooms that will allow family members and friends to visit, a
larger emergency department with increased privacy and room for other clinics,
he said.

Emergency room Dr. Tim Fitzner is looking forward to more elbow room. "This ER
is horribly antiquated in size," he said. "We've got good equipment, but we just
lack places to put it. The problem is trying to get at it."

Sexton extols the value of small community hospitals such as Memorial to provide
local health care.

"We're sometimes thought of as 'safety net' hospitals," he said. "It's important
to have a local health care resource for heart attacks, chain saw accidents,
vehicle accidents and farm accidents.

"We are able to care for 98 percent of our patients, and send the other 2
percent" to bigger facilities, he said.

If a pneumonia patient had to be hospitalized in La Crosse instead of Prairie du
Chien, he said, "Where do your wife and kids and everybody else go to visit. If
you're a farmer, who takes care of the farm while they are visiting you?"

A good reception

Many residents are enthusiastic about the new hospital.

Karen Brewer is the deli manager at Go America gas and convenience store on the
north edge of town.

"I think it's a good time to relocate and expand because I think the hospital
has outgrown itself," she said. "And technology has advanced in health care."

City Administrator Aaron Kramer said the hospital's success is key to Prairie du
Chien's future.

Echoing those sentiments is Tom Harris, manager of the local 3M plant, which
employs about 600 people.

The hospital is a good recruitment tool, he said, adding, "As an industrial
manufacturer in Prairie du Chien, we partner with them on wellness. Emergency
services, if we need them, and health and wellness are a tremendous asset."

Market and Johnson Inc. of La Crosse was chosen as general contractor because of
its reputation on local projects and willingness to use local subcontractors,
said Dave Breitbach, the hospital's chief financial officer.

Hospital officials shopped around for the best financing deal, deciding to apply
for the USDA's rural development funds because they liked the terms of 3.125
percent interest over 30 years.

The not-for-profit hospital also is arranging local bank financing and will use
earnings to pay for the project.

"That mix was important to the USDA," Breitbach said. "They wanted to see local
banking involved and a commitment from the hospital."

The total $50 million cost for the new hospital includes $35 million for the
building; $12.5 million for the 105-acre site, preparation, design fees,
equipment, and furnishings; and $2.5 million to update and add new diagnostic
equipment later. Groundbreaking is expected in April or May, and completion in
fall 2014.

By the numbers

In 2012, Prairie du Chien Memorial Hospital logged:

--1,026 inpatients

--5,625 emergency room visits

--2,758 urgent care visits

--15,482 outpatient visits

___ (c)2013 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130301-LQ-New-PdC-hospital-to-get-USDA-loan
-worth-tens-of-millions-0301-20130301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2013 La Crosse Tribune


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 12, 2013

New microloans expand small farm finance options in region

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 323  words


New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Delaware now have an agricultural
microloan credit option to consider. As. of Jan. 15, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering its customers a microloan designed
to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan
features a streamlined application and a simplified qualification process built
to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Delaware State Executive Director Robert E.
Walls. "Farms seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now have
a great new tool to consider."

'Walls continued, "For those selling at farmers markets or through
community-supported agriculture operations, a micro-loan might serve their needs
perfectly, And the reduced paperwork associated with the new microloan will help
expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $2,241,571 million in farm loan
assistance to agricultural producers of all sizes in Delaware. That year, farm
ownership loans accounted for the majority of the loans extended with 10 loans,
while farm operating loans were fewer at seven. In 2012, there were no emergency
loans written.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA microloan is also a great
benefit for farmers and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," said Walls. "Producers can contact their nearest FSA
office for details and to determine if they qualify for a microloan." The
microloan term can be up to seven years.

Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling
more than $18 billion. More than 50 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on microloans and other FSA programs, contact a local USDA
service center.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 12, 2005 Friday

Durbin to focus on more aid for drought victims

BYLINE: TIM LANDIS Business Editor

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: BERLI


Rain clouds gathered as U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin met with more than two dozen area
farmers Thursday to discuss a drought that has cut local corn yields by more
than half on some fields.

To a farmer, they told the Springfield Democrat the damage already is done.
"This corn looked pretty bad in '88. The difference now is our input costs are
tremendously higher, for the feed, the fertilizer and the seed," said Steve
Walter, who hosted the Durbin visit on his farm at the west edge of Berlin.

Walter, who farms 1,600 acres of corn and soybeans, estimated his corn yields
have been cut to 50 to 60 bushels per acre, compared to an average of 187
bushels per acre last year. Unless rain comes soon, soybean yields will suffer
as well, he said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture last month declared 101 of 102 counties in
Illinois federal disaster areas as a result of one of the worst droughts to hit
the state since record-keeping began in 1895. Only Alexander County at the
southern tip of the state was not included.

A federal disaster declaration qualifies farmers for low-interest emergency
loans, but Durbin said if the drought persists, emergency loans would not be
enough to carry some farmers into the next planting season.

Durbin said he would consider a request for emergency federal aid, possibly in
the form of grants to help offset some of the losses when Congress reconvenes
next month. But he conceded it could be a tough sell politically, because
effects of the drought do not appear to have been as severe in surrounding
states.

"It's one of the few times since I've been in Congress and the Senate that the
entire state has been hit. If this is Illinois' misfortune, it's tougher
politically," said Durbin, who visited a farm near McLean earlier in the day.

Durbin said he plans to begin discussions with state and federal agricultural
officials and representatives from surrounding states on the extension of
emergency aid provisions scheduled to expire in mid-September.

"The budget is tight. I don't want to over-promise, but we'll work on it," he
said.

The visit included a brief walk through one of the worst hit sections of a
cornfield, which had stunted stalks, ears of corn shriveled to a quarter of
normal size, and hard, cracked ground.

Sangamon County corn yields probably will average 50 to 150 bushels per acre
this year compared to 155 to 160 in a normal year, said Robert Irlam, county
executive director for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.

"We've been getting a lot of calls on what kind of disaster relief there may
be," Irlam said.

Several farmers said the quality as well as the quantity of grain has suffered,
which also could result in lower prices. They also said loss of farm income
could spread to other areas of the local economy, including implement dealers,
grain elevators, fertilizer companies and even retail businesses.

Edward Cowman, who also farms near Berlin, said, "They're going to discount us
on grain prices for what we do bring in."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 3, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Block's Partner Received Low-Interest U.S. Loan

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 942 words


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block's main business partner has received a
$400,000 emergency low-interest loan from the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
to help prop up his financially troubled farming operations in the Midwest.

Investor-farmer John W. (Bill) Curry, of Galesburg, Ill., who apparently
qualified for the federal assistance because of 1983 drought losses, got the
loan at a time when the FmHA is refusing thousands of loan requests from other
farmers in similar trouble.

The loan is to help Curry finance his activities on 13 farms in Iowa, Missouri
and Illinois. But it also could indirectly benefit Block, one of his partners,
who, by a mortgage agreement signed in May, could lose part of his personal
assets in Illinois if Curry's farming ventures in Iowa fail.

While many large-scale farmers qualify for FmHA loans, the federal aid program
is regarded mainly as a "last-resort" money source for smaller family farmers
who are unable to get loans through commercial channels.

There was no evidence that Block had intervened in Curry's behalf in the loan
process, but their longtime friendship and business relationship is well known
in Knox County, their home county in Illinois, where the Agriculture Department
loan was made.

And the Block-Curry financial relationship has become a political cause celebre
among many beleaguered Midwestern farmers, particularly in Iowa, where Curry's
purchase of thousands of acres of farmland for himself and investment partners
has stirred sharp controversy. In a Washington Post interview earlier this year,
Block described Curry's farm-investment activities as "adventurism."

Block, contacted in Mississippi, where he is scheduled to attend a farm credit
round-table discussion today, said he knew nothing about Curry's loan from the
FmHA and had never discussed the matter with him. "Absolutely zero is what I
know," Block said. He said he knew no details, but was certain that regular FmHA
procedures were followed in the loan transaction.

Knox County FmHA supervisor Victor Rhea, who approved the loan in May, said that
Curry qualified for the federal aid because he produced between seven and 10
letters from commercial lenders who refused to extend credit to him -- a
requirement for FmHA borrowers.

The emergency disaster loan Curry received carries a 5 percent interest charge
for the first $100,000, and 8 percent for the remainder.

Rhea said he was aware of Curry's longtime business relationship with Block, but
that his decision to grant the loan was made "on the merits" of Curry's
application.

Although in most cases the FmHA now requires applicants to post considerably
more collateral than the value of their loans, Curry was required only to pledge
the income from his 1984 corn and soybean crops or the money he might get from
federal crop insurance if he suffers weather problems.

Jack Hertzler, national director of FmHA farm lending programs, said yesterday
that he was unaware of the loan to Curry. But he added, "We should have taken
additional security. Normally, we would take real estate for that additional
security on a loan. And if other assets were there to take, we should have taken
them."

Hertzler said there was little, if anything, his office could do, since the loan
already had been approved. But he added, "We will make an inquiry into it and
see if our county people followed proper procedures."

An FmHA spokesman said later that a subsequent check into the case indicated
that Curry had no other equity that could be secured as collateral, but he
denied that that necessarily made Curry a questionable risk for the federal
boost.

County supervisor Rhea said he was satisfied that the pledge of 1984 crop income
or insurance proceeds was adequate collateral for the loan. "We have done this
on a number of these loans," Rhea said. "It is not uncommon to have crop income
as the only collateral."

Rhea conceded, however, that if commodity prices collapsed or if Curry's actual
income did not meet projections, the FmHA could have difficulty getting
repayment.

There was quick reaction from Capitol Hill to the disclosure that the agency
Block oversees had made a major loan to his principal private business partner.

Rep. Ed Jones (D-Tenn.), chairman of the House Agriculture subcommittee on
conservation, credit and rural development, which oversees FmHA programs, said
he was "shocked" to learn of the loan to Curry "when so many small family
farmers are going broke and the FmHA won't help them even save their homes to
keep a pillow under their heads."

Jones said he intended to convene his subcommittee as soon as possible on the
matter. "It just tears me up that somebody would do something like this," Jones
said. "I've known all the time the secretary was a weak creature, but I never
believed he would be a party to something like this."

Iowa Republican Rep. Jim Leach, often a critic of Reagan administration
farm-loan policies in his district, where some of Curry's farms are located,
said he was distressed to learn of the FmHA loan to Curry.

"I think you will find a reaction in southeast Iowa not of disbelief, but of
real anger, when the family farmer has to pledge his soul to the FmHA to get a
$20,000 loan and a land speculator gets a $400,000 loan and follows farming
practices that are not respected in soil conservation and prudent management,"
Leach said.

"John Curry will be a lightning rod for investigation. It smacks of FmHA
mismanagement, if not favoritism," Leach added. "It would appear that the intent
of the FmHA law is to support the family farmer, not the egregious land
speculator.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Rep. Jim Leach . . . criticizes granting of loan.

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2011 Sunday

Some farmers hit by summer's storms bypass government aid

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 837 words


Dec. 04--DYSART, Iowa -- About every possible weather calamity befell Iowa
farmers this year. Taxpayer assistance is available to mitigate losses.

But do producers want the help?

According to local and state Farm Service Agency officials, applications for
low-interest emergency loans and other aid aren't exactly pouring in -- yet. The
agency, among other things, is charged with assisting farmers after natural
disasters.

There's been plenty.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture says severe storms, excessive rain, flooding,
flash flooding, hail, high winds, lighting, tornadoes, landslides, mudslides,
excessive heat and drought have been a scourge on producers. Official loss
totals haven't been released, but grain, livestock and structure damage will
easily be in the hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dollars. In Tama
County alone, one insurance agent said he paid out more than $11 million in
claims related to a July windstorm.

Since April 1, the USDA designated 28 counties natural disaster areas, either
receiving presidential or secretarial declarations. Another 61 counties are
considered contiguous, which also qualify for assistance.

Only 10 counties in the state didn't meet USDA requirements for aid.

"It has been a busy year," said Beth Grabau, public relations and outreach
specialist with the state FSA office. "It's been such an odd year. Some areas of
Iowa will need greater assistance, like southwest Iowa with the flooding.

In Northeast Iowa, high winds and extreme heat caused the most damage.

Wind knocked down tens of thousands of acres of corn causing yield losses,
countless numbers of trees were lost and hundreds of buildings and grain bins
were destroyed. Hundreds of animals succumb to heat.

The government offers numerous emergency programs to help farmers, if they
qualify. County FSA offices are the go-to place for details and assistance.

In Iowa, the most popular programs are:

Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payment Program or SURE. Payments are based on
the amount of crop loss.

Livestock Indemnity Program. Cash payments for livestock deaths due to adverse
weather conditions.

Emergency Conservation Program. A cost-share assistance to repair conservation
practices and rehabilitate farmland damaged by disasters.

Emergency Loan Program. Low-interest loans to help producers recover from
production and physical losses.

"Iowa producers can continue to count on USDA to provide emergency assistance
during difficult times," said Tom Vilsack, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture, in a
statement.

Grabau said, for the most part, specific statewide figures pertaining to how
many farmers will be helped and the cost won't be available for some time.

SURE dollars, for example, won't be known until well into next year when
production figures and average prices are determined. The government has yet to
disburse emergency conservation funds to Iowa, Grabau said.

Even when figures are available, she doesn't expect them to be overwhelming.

"If there's a basket of money, farmers will only take what they need for
disaster assistance. It's just (their) culture ... .," Grabau said.

Preliminary numbers are available for the Livestock Indemnity Program. Grabau
said 411 applications have been approved statewide as of Wednesday and another
440 are being reviewed. About half came from Northeast Iowa.

Specific animal losses and values weren't available. The program reimburses
farmers 75 percent of the fair market value of livestock killed and 75 percent
of the average income losses sustained by contract growers.

Producer interest in other programs locally has been light. Jon Northrup, FSA
farm loan manager, said he's received one emergency loan application from seven
counties he oversees as of Tuesday. These include Tama, Benton and Marshall,
which sustained immense wind damage in July.

Northrup suspects most farmers won't seek help to replace structures because
they have good insurance and money in the bank.

"We haven't seen a lot of activity. Maybe with a couple of good years they've
had, (farmers) won't need assistance so much," he said.

Applications for emergency loans, with an interest rate of 3.75 percent, must be
submitted to the FSA within 8 months of the disaster declaration. Farmers must
show the ability to repay but can't get help from a commercial lender.

Northrup does expect farmers to utilize conservation funds once available to
help pay for debris cleanup in fields and replace tree windbreaks.

Lawrence and Angela Popelka of rural Toledo are rebuilding two machine sheds
destroyed by the July derecho that packed winds up to 130 mph. Monat Built of
Traer is the contractor.

Angela said they won't need government help to rebuild, thanks to adequate
insurance coverage. Scott Monat said that's typical for the area.

"We don't feel we should be applying for something that others could use,"
Angela Popelka said.

___ (c)2011 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111204-OO-HLT-Some-farmers-hit-by-summer-s-storms-bypass-government-aid-1204-2
0111204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Farmers' drought losses vary

BYLINE: MICHAEL LOCICERO TH staff writer michael.locicero@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 812 words


disaster loans Federal economic injury disaster loans are available to small
businesses, small agricultural cooperatives, small businesses engaged in
aquaculture and most private non-profit organizations of all sizes in many
countries across the tri-state area. The loan amount can be up to $2 million
with interest rates of 3 percent for private non-profit organizations of all
sizes and 4 percent for small businesses, with terms up to 30 years. The Small
Business Association determines eligibility based on the size of the applicant,
type of activity and its financial resources. For more information, visit
https:// disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.

The drought that has hit much of the country this summer has been devastating
for some farmers in the tri-states, while others are feeling blessed they have
gotten some rain in the past few weeks. Dave Gregorich, who farms 70 acres of
corn mostly to feed his cattle near La Motte, Iowa, said the drought is the
worst he can remember in more than three decades of farming. "I took a big hit
in 1988, but that drought was a piece of cake compared to this," he said. "It
was the combination of the extremely hot weather and the lack of moisture. I'll
bet way less than half my corn might be OK." However, 40 miles west of
Gregorich's fields in Worthington, Iowa, Greg Lahr said his fields were looking
good in comparison to what he has seen in the rest of the area. "We will
definitely have something to harvest, but it will be lower than normal," Lahr
said. "We've been pretty fortunate with rain around here." According to the
National Agricultural Statistics Service, 49 percent of Iowa's corn and 37
percent of its soybeans are in very poor or poor condition as of Aug. 5. Some
farmers already have begun harvesting corn for silage, a process that usually
starts in the last week of August or first few weeks of September, according to
Iowa State University Extension crop specialist Brian Lang. "There really has
been a wide range of what the situation is like in Iowa," Lang said. "It depends
what areas have gotten enough rain and who hasn't." Iowa Secretary of
Agriculture Bill Northey said the drought will have an impact on the state
economy because agriculture has been a "big driver in the state over the last
five years." In Illinois, Don Kautz, who farms more than 1,000 acres of corn,
soybeans and hay, said the 1988 drought was worse in his area compared to this
year. "We just got an inch and a half of rain here on Saturday and we got some
more Wednesday, so there's a chance our soybean crop could do all right," Kautz
said. "The hay is what's being affected the most." Kautz farms most of his land
in Elizabeth Township, Ill. Mark Gebhards, executive director of governmental
affairs and commodities at the Illinois Farm Bureau, said northwest Illinois,
including Jo Daviess County where Kautz farms, was doing far better than much of
the state, particularly south of Springfield. "In many of the areas in the
southern part of the state, there is almost no crop at all and a lot of the
focus there is just replenishing the soil," Gebhards said. Gebhards ceded that
most of the corn crop was "finished" in Illinois, but soybeans could make a
recovery with more rain in the next week or so. According to NASS, 74 percent of
the corn and 57 percent of the soybean crop is either in very poor or poor
condition in Illinois as of Aug 5. In Wisconsin, Ted Bay, a University of
Wisconsin Extension Crops and Farm Management agent, also has heard a wide range
of variability when it comes to what farmers in Grant County are dealing with.
"I've heard some fields are at a 100 percent loss in some areas and some others
who will maybe lose only 25 to 30 percent," Bay said. NASS reports 41 percent of
Wisconsin's corn and 28 percent of its soybeans are in very poor or poor
conditions as of Aug. 5. As of Tuesday, Dubuque has received 14.53 inches of
precipitation this year, which is 8.03 inches below normal, according to the
National Weather Service. The Dubuque Regional Airport, where official readings
are taken, received just 0.02 inches of rain Wednesday. On Tuesday, President
Barack Obama and the Department of Agriculture announced an additional $30
million to get more water to livestock and restore land impacted by the drought.
Additionally, the National Credit Union Administration is allowing an additional
thousand credit unions to increase lending to small businesses, and the Small
Business Administration is working with other government agencies to connect
even more eligible farmers, ranchers and businesses with low-interest emergency
loans as well as counseling and work force programs. Previously, the White House
designated more than 1,500 counties in 32 states as disaster areas, which gives
qualified farmers access to low-interest emergency loans and opens up more land
for haying and grazing.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 28, 2012 Saturday

U.S. agriculture official seeks to reassure local farmers

BYLINE: Cassie Smith, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 518 words


July 28--More than 40 local producers gathered Friday in Bryan with the Farm
Service Agency to discuss assistance efforts and a bill making its way through
the House and Senate that includes drought relief for farmers.

FSA Administrator Juan Garcia, who was picked to serve in the position two weeks
ago and who owns a home in College Station, said his organization and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture are doing whatever they can to assist producers.

Last week, the USDA designated 1,369 counties in 31 states as disaster areas.
More than 1,200 of those designations were due to drought.

The designation makes all qualified farm operators in the areas eligible for
low-interest emergency loans. Garcia said the U.S. Drought Monitor reports that
two-thirds of the nation is in a moderate to exceptional drought.

"It is in really bad shape," he said at the meeting, held at the Producers
Cooperative in Bryan. "This is the worst drought in a long time."

Garcia said he's been meeting with communities across the country to share
information and gather feedback from farmers and ranchers affected by the
drought.

USDA, he said, has developed a new streamlined process for the disaster
designations by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

The process will result in a 40-to-50 percent reduction in processing time for
most counties affected by disasters by nearly automatically qualifying a county
as a disaster area once it's categorized by the U.S. Drought Monitor as being in
a severe drought for eight consecutive weeks. In Texas, Garcia said, it's a
multi-step process that includes the county judge contacting the governor, but
the new process will speed up the delivery of assistance.

Garcia said the secretary also reduced interest rates for emergency loans from
3.75 percent to 2.25 percent.

He said the organization also initiated a payment reduction on Conservation
Reserve Program lands qualified for emergency haying and grazing in 2012, from
25 to 10 percent.

"It's been a very interesting few weeks," he said. "We're pulling all the tools
out of our tool box to see what we can do."

Garcia said he's also expecting the House Agriculture Committee to approve its
version of legislation to help farmers and ranchers hit by the drought next
week. The Senate passed its version of the bill in June.

One main aspect that applies to both the Senate and the House bill is that the
Direct and Counter -- cyclical Payment Program, or DCP, is not being included,
he said.

Both the House and Senate farm bills eliminate subsidies paid for cotton. Garcia
said he was not well-versed on the issue but believes the parties are waiting on
a lawsuit to end between the World Trade Organization and Brazil over cotton
subsidies.

Garcia said the secretary has not submitted a farm bill proposal to either the
Senate or the House and instead the agency is offering technical advice to both
sides.

"It's been good that they've included us in the discussions as they've been
working on the bill," he said.

___ (c)2012 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120728-EG-U-S-agriculture-official-seeks-to-reassure-local-farmers-0728-201207
28

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2012 The Eagle


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 22, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK SAYS FARM ECONOMY IS UNLIKELY TO IMPROVE IN '85

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 21


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, testifying today before a hostile House
Agriculture Committee, offered little hope of improvement this year in the
depressed farm economy.

Unless Congress adopts President Reagan's proposal to overhaul Federal farm
programs, Mr. Block contended, current problems will continue for several years.

He said he expected expanded crop production to continue this year. While there
would be a ''modest increase'' in farm exports, he predicted, grain supplies
will still be large and farmers' prices will probably not improve.

As a consequence, Mr. Block said, net farm income for the calendar year 1985
could drop by $10 billion or more. He estimated that farmers' net earnings in
1984 ranged from $29 billion to $33 billion. This year, he predicted, these
earnings will range from $19 billion to $24 billion.

Cuts in Farm Aid Termed Vital

He then said that unless Congress passed the Reagan Administration's proposed
farm proposals, which include major cuts in farm aid and changes in many
longstanding price support programs, the current imbalance in supply and demand
could continue for the rest of the decade.

''The choice before us,'' Mr. Block said, ''is whether we want to maintain the
costly current programs and become even less competitive in world markets, or
whether we want to have market-oriented programs that allow our farmers to make
use of their great efficiency and productivity to compete for world markets.''

The Secretary noted that any farm bill passed in l985 would have no appreciable
impact on the Government's farm aid expenditures this year. The rate of
subsidies on the grain and cotton harvested this summer are already set, as are
the levels of price support loans on this year's crops.

In addition, he said, many grain and cotton farmers have already been given
advance subsidy payments on their 1985 crops in return for agreeing to reduce
the number of acres they will plant this spring.

Emergency Farm Credit Urged

The committee met to hear Mr. Block defend his department's budget for the
fiscal year 1986. The budget, among other changes, provides for a $5.5 billion
reduction in farm commodity supports and subsidies next year. But the committee
members were more interested in urging the Administration to quickly provide
more emergency credit to help many farmers borrow for spring planting and to
help others avoid the forced sale of their farms and equipment.

Most of the committee members, Republicans as well as Democrats, warned the
Secretary that many farmers in their districts would be bankrupt by spring if
this credit was not made available immediately.

While Mr. Block said he was well aware of the financial difficulties some
farmers faced, he differed with the committee's estimates that from 10 to 15
percent of the nation's farmers would be forced to sell their farms and
equipment to pay their debts.

''I think some of the figures used here are wrong,'' the Secretary said. ''It's
certainly possible that 10 to 15 percent of the farmers are having difficulty
getting the financing they need. But not that many are going out of business.
Maybe 5 percent at the most are going to go under this year, but no one knows
for sure.''

Subsidy Linked to Overproduction

The Administration's proposed farm program, details of which will be announced
Friday, is aimed at gradually ending subsidy payments and lowering price support
loan rates until they are below the market's average levels.

Mr. Block contends that subsidy payments to grain and cotton farmers have
encouraged overproduction and now cost two to three times as much as they did in
the 1970's. He also contends that the generous price support loans now offered
to farmers tend to freeze American grain and cotton prices at artificially high
levels, making it even more difficult to sell them in highly competitive world
markets.

If the Administration's plan is adopted, Secretary Block told the committee,
annual Federal expenditures for subsidies and loans would gradually drop from
$10.5 billion next year to $3 billion to $5 billion annually in the fiscal years
1989 to 1991.

Representative Timothy J. Penny, a Minnesota Democrat, said the price of corn
was about 10 percent lower now than it was last year but noted that exports of
corn were also less than last year, and asked Mr. Block, ''How can you say that
if we push grain prices down with lower aid, exports will increase and prices
will rise?''

The Agriculture Secretary conceded that ''in the short run'' American grain
prices would probably decline. ''But beyond the short run,'' he added, ''as
severe as things are now, I still have faith that things will get better for our
farmers as they move away from dependence on the Government and compete on their
own.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Block and Randy Russell

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 6, 2011 Wednesday

USDA offers aid to farmers

BYLINE: Tim Monzingo, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


April 06--JACKSONVILLE -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering
emergency loans to area farmers who suffered crop losses as a result of drought
conditions in 2010.

In a press release, the Tyler office stated eligible farmers are those who
suffered "up to 100 percent of their actual losses or the operating loan needed
to to continue the agricultural business, whichever is less."

"The emergency loans are triggered when we have a disaster declaration, and we
have a disaster declaration for several counties in this area due to drought,"
said Chris Lynn, director at the Farm Service Agency office in Tyler. "In this
case, it's production loses on crops, particularly hay."

Lynn said farmers whose hay production was significantly impacted between March
1, 2010, and Dec. 31, 2010, may be able to receive loans from the agency to help
cover losses.

According to Rene McCracken, the Agriculture and Natural Resource agent at the
AgriLife Extension office in Rusk, the loans are beneficial to farmers, but
won't recoup all the losses.

"It does give them a little relief," she said. "The last time we did it in 06,
it amounted to $5 a cow, which is not a lot but it's still there."

Drought conditions adversely affect hay production in that they restrict the
amount able to grow, the quality of what is produced and the effects fertilizer
have upon growth, McCracken said.

It's a vicious cycle, she said.

Farmers whose crops aren't of as high quality or as plentiful loose money, which
adds to stresses related with increasing fuel, input and productions costs.

"What happens is you get in a hole," she said. "You go backwards, backwards,
backwards and it takes a long time to get out."

The loans available should help farmers who may have difficulty with their
finances currently as a result of the past year, but McCracken and Lynn said if
conditions in the area don't change soon, more loans may be necessary to ease
the burdens of an already dry season.

"You're seeing increased input costs, narrower margins and banks are being more
conservative," Lynn said. "I am seeing a significant increase (in loan
applications) this year."

A tougher production climate coupled with more conservative lending policies by
banks put agriculture workers in a tight spot, he said.

"A lot of these guys are borrowing operating money at the bank for things like
that, have equipment payments and their crops are down," he said.

With increased costs of fertilizers, fuel and equipment, Lynn said farmers
seeking assistance should contact the agency sooner rather than later.

"Applications for loans under this emergency designation will be accepted until
Nov. 28, 2011, but farmers should apply as soon as possible," he said. "Delays
in applying could create backlogs in processing."

Those applying for loans have to meet several requirements, including not being
able to get a loan from banks and at least a 30 percent production to be
eligible.

The Tyler office is open from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. For
more information on Disaster Assistance Programs, visit disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2011,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110406-JD-USDA-offers-aid-to-farmers-0406-20110406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                   Copyright 2011 Jacksonville Daily Progress


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Weston County Gazette (Upton, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 7, 2013

Wyoming Counties Eligible for Emergency Loans

BYLINE: Weston County Gazette staff

LENGTH: 324  words


South Dakota counties are determined eligible for disaster assistance. Farmers
and ranchers may qualify for Emergency Loans based on physical losses caused by
extreme winds, freezing rain, and heavy snow that occurred October 3 through
October 6, 2013.

Crook, Niobrara and Weston Counties in Wyoming are considered contiguous to the
primary designated South Dakota Counties and are therefore also eligible for
assistance.

Physical loss loan applicants must have suffered severe physical losses
affecting the ability of their operation to continue on a reasonably sound
basis. All applicants must have sufficient equity to secure the loan and the
operation must show repayment ability.

Under the FSA Emergency Loan program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000, whichever is
less.

FSA Emergency Loans are available only to operators of not larger than family
size farms and operators unable to obtain

The deadline to apply for FSA loans under this Disaster Designation is June 25,
2014. For further information, farmers and ranchers located in the designated
counties are encouraged to contact their local FSA County Office.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in
all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin,
sex, religion, age, disability, political beliefs, sexual orientation, or
marital or family status. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs).
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), should contact
USDA's target center at 202-720-2600 (voice and tdd).

To file a complaint of discrimination, write USDA, Director, Office of Civil
Rights, Room 326-W, Whitten Building, 1400 Independence Ave, SW, Washington,

DC 20250-9410 or call 202-720-5964 (voice and tdd). USDA is an equal opportunity
provider and employer.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Weston County Gazette


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 23, 1998

FSA Targeting the Marginal

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: Washington


The Farm Service Agency, agricultural loan successor to the old Farmers Home
Administration, is targeting small, beginning and minority farmers for real
estate and equipment credit.

Caroline Cooksey, deputy administrator of farm loan programs for FSA, called her
agency "the lender of last resort," particularly for small farmers. When the
Farmers Home Administration was reorganized, its farm lending went to FSA, with
its rural programs going to the Rural Housing Service.

Currently it has made direct or guaranteed loans to nearly 150,000 borrowers,
with $ 11.8 billion in volume in the direct portion (112,150 borrowers) and $
6.5 billion through its guarantee program (41,000 loans).

Ms. Cooksey didn't have a breakout on ownership loans versus equipment/
emergency lending, but said real estate was "the lion's share" of the FSA
volume.  According to the Department of Agriculture, FSA had about 5% of thr
farm RE market at the end of 1997.  "There's a tremendous need for credit,
especially for small farmers," she said, noting that a lot of small operators
are in trouble.  "If this country is interested in keeping small farms, we're
going to have to modify the farm policies to do that." She noted especially a
provision of the 1996 farm reform bill that forbids FSA from extending more
credit to anyone that's had a defaulted loan.

Ms. Cooksey said the percentage of loans to women and minorities has grown from
8.7% in 1994 to 11.1% in 1997, even though the overall portfolio has dropped due
to falling appropriations and a decline to family farms.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Senators Lankford, Inhofe Provide Information Available to
Oklahomans Affected by Wildfires

LENGTH: 850  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator James Lankford has issued the following news
release:



 Senators James Lankford (R-OK) and Senator Jim Inhofe (R-OK) today released
information on the services available to provide assistance to Oklahomans
impacted by the wildfires affecting northwestern Oklahoma.





 Lankford and Inhofe will also tour the region and hold a press conference
tomorrow at 10:00AM CT at the West Woodward Airport. For press conference
information, click here.



 "All of Oklahoma stands with our friends and neighbors in northwest Oklahoma
battling the devastating wildfires--they are not alone," Lankford said. "A
number of fire relief resources have already been made available as they walk
through a literal firestorm. Oklahomans that want to help can donate: hay,
water, food, and additional items to support those in Harper County, Woodward
County, Beaver County and the surrounding areas. Senator Inhofe and I are
working with the USDA, relief organizations, and community leaders to provide a
list of resources that are available to help. If anyone has questions, please do
not hesitate to reach out to my office."



 "My thoughts and prayers are with our friends and neighbors in Beaver, Harper,
and Woodward Counties who are reeling from the effects of three separate
wildfires and need our help; many in northwest Oklahoma have lost their homes,
farms and ranches," Inhofe said. "As our firefighters, first responders, and
volunteers work tirelessly to contain the flames, those who wish to donate food,
water, hay and other necessities should reach out to The American Red Cross
which has partnered with the Southern Baptist Men and the Salvation Army.
Senator Lankford and I are working to ensure that everyone who has been affected
by the wildfires has access to the resources and information available to them
through FEMA, USDA and the Natural Resources Conservation Service. Our offices
are standing by to direct those who need assistance, don't hesitate to call."



 For more information contact Sen. Inhofe's office at (202) 224-4721 or visit
www.inhofe.senate.gov or Sen. Lankford's office at (202) 224-5754 or visit
www.lankford.senate.gov.



 The US Department of Agriculture has a number of specific programs to provide
assistance to Oklahomans impacted by the wildfires. The type of assistance
available is dependent on factors unique to each individual. It is important to
review all available options to determine which program and type of assistance
fits your situation:



 Farm Services Agency (FSA)



 Emergency Loans (EM)



     Available based on the physical loss of property, including cattle and
stored hay lost in a wildfire, and buildings and fences damaged or destroyed

     Loans may be made for the full cost to replace the property lost, but
certain deductions may apply

     Applications must have an acceptable credit history but be unable to obtain
credit from conventional sources (bank, farm credit system, etc.)



 Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP)



     Financial assistance to producers of non-insurable crops, including forage

     Applicants have to meet application deadlines and coverage limits apply



 Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP)



     Available to producers whose grazing losses due to fire are on federally
managed rangeland



 Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP)



     Available to livestock producers for livestock deaths caused by adverse
weather, including wildfires exacerbated by eligible adverse weather, but only
covers 75% of the market value of the livestock

     Can only be used for livestock produced for commercial use as part of a
farming operation



 Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP)



     Emergency assistance for losses during relatively unusual circumstances
unique to an individual



 Tree Assistance Program (TAP)



     Assistance to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees, bushes, and vines
lost by natural disasters produced for commercial purposes



 Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) - Emergency Use of Conservation Reserve
Program Land



     Emergency use of CRP in the form of haying and grazing can be allowed in
circumstances related to wildfire



 Emergency Conservation Program (ECP)



     Can provide cost-share assistance to rebuild fences and other agricultural
infrastructure



 Practices Eligible for Wild Fire Disaster Event:



 EC-3 - Restoring Permanent Fence



     Replace farm fences used for agricultural purposes



 EC-4 - Restoring Conservation Structures and other installations



     Provides assistance to repair or replace damaged windmills or solar units
for livestock water



 Risk Management Agency (RMA)



     Farmers and ranchers with coverage through the federal crop insurance
program administered by the Risk Management Agency (RMA) should contact their
crop insurance agent to discuss available options



 Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS)



     Provides assistance to people effected by wildfire through the Conservation
Technical Assistance (CTA) and the Environmental Quality Incentive Program
(EQIP) available through local service centers

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers, Lenders Seek Steadier Aid in '02 Bill

                             July 3, 2001, Tuesday

BY BEN JACKSON



Congress is preparing to debate the 2002 farm bill, and farmers and their
bankers have spent weeks preparing their wish lists.

Topping both groups' agendas: more predictability in government assistance.

Both say they are grateful lawmakers have approved $30 billion of emergency aid
over the last four years to bail out cash-strapped farmers and ranchers feeling
the effects of near-record lows in crop prices. But they said they want more
consistent support and an end to the nail-biting that comes at the close of each
crop year as Congress decides whether or not to approve emergency aid.

Commodity-support programs "must ensure a reasonable level of cash flow and
producer income," Leland Swenson, president of the National Farmers Union, told
a Senate committee in June.

In their testimony before the House late last month, bankers asked for
essentially the same thing. They also seek more resources, they said, to fund
beginning farmers and programs to aid rural economic development.

House Agriculture Committee Chairman Larry Combest, R-Tex., has vowed to have a
bill out of committee by the August recess. The legislation would replace the
1996 Freedom to Farm Act, which expires at yearend.

The American Bankers Association conducted a listening tour of rural banks from
January to May, and used its findings as the basis for its recommendations on
the next farm bill. Bankers the trade group spoke with wanted assurance that the
money would be available at the end of the crop year for farmers in trouble,
said Terry Hague, chief executive officer of $78 million-asset Farmers Exchange
Bank in Cherokee, Okla.

Dale Leighty, president of $100 million-asset First National Bank of Las Animas
in Las Animas, Colo., said farmers need assured payments to counter a "triple
whammy" of low prices, high energy, and input costs, and "an unlevel playing
field in the international trade arena."

"I believe what everyone is trying to achieve is a greater degree of
predictability so that farmers and their lenders don't have to rely on annual,
ad-hoc disaster packages," said Mr. Leighty, who represented the Independent
Community Bankers of America in testimony before the House committee.

Mr. Hague also recommended that the Farm Service Agency's guaranteed loans
receive more funding and have specialized offices for loan servicing, and that
Congress repeal the 15-year limit on guaranteed loan eligibility.

Many bankers believe Congress could further help farmers by passing legislation
to create special accounts for ranchers that would help them save to get through
lean times. The accounts -- called Fisherman, Farmer and Rancher Risk Management
accounts -- would let producers defer taxes on 20% of their income for five
years to encourage to save during good times so they can get through bad years.
The current bill in the Senate, which was proposed by Sen. Charles Grassley,
R-Iowa, includes a five-year restriction, but the ICBA is lobbying for a bill
without a time limit.

Bankers also want more help in raising money to get new farmers into the
business. Banks can give credit to start-up farms under a program that allows
the loans to be made under the state's revenue bond authority. These loans are
issued as federally tax-exempt bonds, or "aggie bonds." The 15 states that issue
the bonds are limited in the amount of state revenue they can use toward them.
Bankers want aggie bonds removed from the federal revenue bond volume caps on
states.

"Aggie bonds compete with other state bonding priorities and frequently do not
receive top priority," Mr. Hague testified. "More credit could be made available
by banks to more beginning farmers if aggie bonds were exempted from state
bonding caps."

These two groups wanted more than just aid for agriculture. The bankers and
farmers also wanted Congress to help diversify rural America's economy. Mr.
Swenson said Congress should put more money into USDA rural development
programs, expand the Department of Agriculture's preferred-lender program, and
provide grants or loans for rural communities to invest in technology.

The bankers opposed any increase in loan fees on the Department of Agriculture's
Business and Industry guaranteed loans. They also argued that increasing deposit
insurance would help rural banks maintain core deposits. Concern for rural
America stems from a recognition that farmers need off-farm income, they said.

"More and more families appear to be relying on off-farm income to support the
farming enterprise," Mr. Leighty said. He cited Agriculture Department
statistics that show 90% of total household income on farms comes from off-farm
sources.

And both banking groups opposed any expansion of the Farm Credit System's
lending powers. They said the system no longer served family farms and had an
unfair competitive advantage as a government-sponsored enterprise.

Mr. Swenson told the Senate he had his doubts about national charters. There
might be short-term benefits in reduced interest rates and loan fees for
borrowers, he said, but in the long run, system consolidations could bring
"greater disparity in credit availability and borrowing costs among
different-sized farm operators."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 885 words

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

South Carolina: Clemson workshop to help flood-stricken farmers prep for 2016

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbia: Clemson University, The State of South Carolina has issued the
following news release:



 Clemson University Extension will have a workshop Dec. 9 in Santee to help
farmers review lending options and project crop prices to determine what to
plant in 2016.





 The event is free and will be 1 to 4 p.m. at the Santee Convention Center, 194
Brooks Boulevard, Santee.



 Presenters include Clemson Extension farm business consultant Scott Mickey;
Extension agriculture economist Nathan Smith; and Lynn Huggins, farm loan
manager with the Farm Service Agency. Speakers will provide information about
traditional loans from private lenders and federal emergency loans available to
farmers who incurred losses from this year's flood.



 Farm loan officers from lending institutions also will participate in a panel
discussion to answer questions from the audience.



 Smith will provide a crop budget outlook for 2016 to project the cost of
production for various row crops. He will also discuss the projected crop price
outlook for next year.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 6, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE, ENDING A DEADLOCK, BACKS $5 BILLION IN FARM AID

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 28, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 5


The Senate broke a three-week deadlock late today to approve an emergency $5
billion infusion for farm programs along with a package of changes in the
two-month-old 1985 Farm Act.

Agreement came on a voice vote after an extended struggle over whether the
Senate's Republican majority or the chamber's Democrats would be seen as doing
the most to help struggling farmers. The issue could be pivotal in the election
this year when control of the Senate is at stake.

The emergency money bill now goes to a Senate-House conference committee to work
out differences in the versions passed by the chambers. The changes passed by
the Senate in the 1985 Farm Act have not been approved by the House, where
similar partisan problems threaten success.

Vehicle for Budget Change

The Senate package also became the vehicle for a change in how the budget cuts
required by the new law to reduce the annual deficits would be achieved in the
dairy price-support program. The large milk cooperatives, which control the
industry, want to achieve the savings through an increased fee on all dairy
farmers rather than a price-support cut.

The measure approved by the Senate tonight would achieve the savings required
under the new budget law through an assessment of about 10 cents per
hundredweight of milk produced, rather than a 55-cent per hundredweight cut in
the effective dairy price support, which is what the Department of Agriculture
had proposed.

The changes in the new farm law included a nonbinding statement, adopted by a
vote of 65 to 18, urging the Reagan Administration to use its farm law authority
to make advance crop loans to farmers in time for the spring planting season.

Such loans would carry only about 8 percent interest rates, rather than the 13
or 14 percent that farmers otherwise would have to pay, said Senator Tom Harkin,
Democrat of Iowa, the amendment's sponsor.

It was unlikely the Administration would heed the Congressional call. President
Reagan vetoed a similar effort a year ago, and the Agriculture
Secretary-desiginate, Richard E. Lyng, said Tuesday that the idea was ''a
violation of my common sense.''

The action came only a few hours after the Commodity Credit Corporation, the arm
of the Agriculture Department that makes crop loans and subsidy payments, ran
out of money to operate its programs.

Money Demand Expected

The agency was expecting a surge in demand for money beginning Thursday, when
farmers were scheduled to begin signing up for price- and income-support
programs for their 1986 crops. Under the law, they are eligible for immediate
subsidy checks when they sign up, as advances against payments that normally
would come after harvest.

Money also is needed for a range of other routine programs, including purchases
of surplus dairy products made to support milk prices at levels set by law.

The changes in the package include restoration of slight cuts in the subsidies
farmers receive on cotton, rice, wheat and corn crops; limits on non-subsidized
crops that can be grown on land taken out of production by farmers who receive
subsidies, and cuts in export incentives to offset the increased costs caused by
the other provisions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Tenterfield Star

                               February 26, 2014

Commonwealth hand down funds for farmers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 971  words


PRIME Minister Tony Abbott admitted his government couldn't work miracles, but
said his $320 million drought assistance package was the government's way of
recognising a "difficult situation" in regional Australia.

More than a week after his whirlwind tour of drought-affected NSW and
Queensland, the Prime Minister, flanked by Minister for Agriculture Barnaby
Joyce, announced measures to assist farmers in dire situations.

Concessional loans, federal assistance for water infrastructure and additional
funding for assistance in personal crisis were among the elements listed in the
multi-million dollar scheme.

As part of the package drought concessional loans totalling $280 million will be
allocated to give eligible farm businesses the resources to recover from the
drought.

Farmers will be able to access income support criteria from March 3 instead of
July 1.

In all, $12 million will be added to existing emergency water infrastructure
schemes, including supplementing those in NSW and Queensland.

Pest management in drought-affected areas will benefit from $10 million in
assistance and $10.7 million will help increase access to social and mental
health services in communities affected by drought.

Describing the assistance as "significant and timely," Mr Abbott said the
assistance would be available to "viable (farming) businesses."

He shrugged off perceptions that the extensive measures were a "super favourable
social security regime for farmers"

"It's recognising a farmer in trouble is in a very difficult situation.

"If your farm is in dire drought, you can't sell, you can't borrow, you can't
leave, but you've got no money."

 Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce, also the member for the drought-hit New
England electorate ion NSW, said the federal government has acted with "the
speed of 1000 gazelles" in putting together the assistance package.

He said more than 6000 agricultural businesses in his New England electorate
could benefit from the federal government's announcement.

'This new package will assist impacted farm businesses and farm families to deal
with immediate financial pressures and improve their capacity to recover when
the rain finally comes,' he said.

'We are introducing measures to offer financial, social and mental health
support."

EARLIER: from The Sydney Morning Herald

Prime Minister Tony Abbott will announce a drought relief package worth nearly
$330 million, aimed at giving emergency help to farmers who have been without
rain for more than a year.

Mr Abbott has promised to bring forward a financial assistance package for
farmers in response to demands from Nationals MPs, led by Agriculture Minister
Barnaby Joyce, for urgent drought assistance.

THE BIG DRY: FULL COVERAGE

The Farm Household Allowance, which hands farmers up to three years of
fortnightly income assistance at the same level as the Newstart Allowance during
droughts, was due to begin on July 1. But Mr Abbott moved to head off Nationals'
concerns amid a worsening drought in parts of NSW and Queensland.

Cabinet met on Tuesday night to sign off on the drought funding. It is
understood the package consists of an extra $280 million in low-interest loans
for farmers, along with more than $40 million of additional measures including
health initiatives to alleviate depression and the risk of suicide.

Mr Abbott will release the details of the package on Wednesday.

The new funding comes just over a week after the Prime Minister and Mr Joyce
toured the dustbowls of inland Queensland and NSW.

The politicians' visit coincided with a rare downpour ' the largest in some
parts since late 2012 ' but as Mr Joyce pointed out, the burst of rain would
have little immediate effect on farmers' incomes.

''I DON'T THINK ANY HOUSEHOLD WILL SAY WELL I'M NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO GET A
WAGE CHEQUE IN TO PAY FOR THE MORTGAGE UNTIL IT RAINS.''

Treasurer Joe Hockey has tried to impose a new edict on government spending,
telling Australians they cannot expect the level of support they have grown
accustomed to, but Mr Joyce has successfully argued that Mr Hockey's 'end of the
age of entitlement' mantra should not apply to drought-affected farmers.

The Prime Minister has backed Mr Joyce, describing drought as a ''natural
disaster'' and arguing that special circumstances require emergency relief, as
governments provide in other times of crisis.

Mr Joyce said he believed most Australians would understand that
drought-stricken farmers faced troubles of a different order to manufacturing
workers who have recently been denied government assistance.

''I don't think any factory says, well, we're not going to be able to sell
anything until it rains,'' Mr Joyce said. ''I don't think any household will say
well I'm not going to be able to get a wage cheque in to pay for the mortgage
until it rains.''

Mr Joyce said the government was already talking to state agencies and he wanted
to move ''as quickly as possible'' to get the low-interest loans flowing to
farmers.

The Abbott government would also provide help to drought-affected farmers
suffering from depression and other mental health problems, Mr Joyce confirmed.

''If you're under the pump and isolated you go into your room and stew,'' Mr
Joyce said.

''Even last night I've been speaking to people who are basically extremely
depressed and I tell you what it saps you.''

Opposition agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon said Labor would ''hold [its]
judgment'' until it saw the details of the drought package, but North Queensland
MP Bob Katter said the $280 million figure was far too low and was going to make
the Abbott government ''look pretty silly''.

The Bureau of Meteorology on Tuesday said a drier than normal autumn was
expected for drought-hit central and western Queensland.

There was a 55 per cent chance of below-average rainfall for northern NSW, which
is also struggling.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

DAIRY HUB ON BRINK Cash and feed crisis in southwest

BYLINE: KATE DOWLER and SIMONE SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 780 words


SOUTHWEST Victoria dairy farmers are in a cash-flow crisis

Hundreds of farms between Colac and Koroit are under severe financial pressure
and battling to finance stock feed.

It comes after nine months of unprecedented dry conditions, followed by a cold
snap coupled with low returns.

Industry leaders warn the situation could turn into a human crisis if seasonal
conditions do not improve in coming weeks.

While dairy cows are in lean condition, farm leaders reject reports animals were
suffering.

And abattoirs have not been inundated with cull stock.

Warrnambool's Midfield Meats managing director Colin McKenna said there was no
waiting list ``at all'' at his processing plant, describing supply as
``normal''.

Minimal emergency government assistance is now on offer to help cash-strapped
farms and the Victorian Government is shying away from offering emergency
grants.

VFF president Peter Tuohey called on Victorian Agriculture Minister Peter Walsh
to ``step in and offer assistance to help farmers source fodder for hungry
herds''.

``We do need to consider welfare of animals, and farmers are managing to look
after stock, but the main issue now that is becoming critical is farmers'
welfare,'' he said.

But Mr Walsh said this week he ``was not considering at this stage'' providing
emergency grants.

``There are 350,000 dairy cows in the southwest, it is not within the State
Government's budget to feed all those cows,'' Mr Walsh said.

However, Department of Environment and Primary Industries and rural counsellors
would continue assisting farmers with feeding information and financial advice,
Mr Walsh said.

State and federal government talks continue over the Farm Finance package and
low-interest concessional loans to help farmers struggling with debts.

An agreement is expected this week, but the package is unlikely to assist with
immediate cash-flow problems.

Continued Page 2

Editorial, Page 20

Rule's View, Page 21

From Page 1

Federal Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon said he was ``determined to get the
$420 million set aside by the Australian Government for concessional loans into
the hands of farmers''.

United Dairyfarmers of Victoria president Kerry Callow said farming families
were under severe pressure.

``Farmers are doing a really good job trying to look after stock under difficult
circumstances,'' Ms Callow said.

``I'm really concerned about the welfare of the people. They do their level-best
to care for these animals.

``The financial issue is making it difficult (for farmers) to respond, certainly
sourcing fodder -- particularly good quality hay -- has been difficult.''

Rural Financial Counselling Service Victoria's Cobram officer Vince Thorne said
he had not seen any animal welfare issues with farms he dealt with.

``But certainly people are under incredible stress,'' Mr Thorne said. ``It is
going right through the family, from husband to wife and kids.

``At this time I could say, with the people I am dealing with, no one has not
been able to find a way to feed stock.''

Some farmers still faced bare paddocks after resowing pastures up to three
times, only to have them destroyed by slugs or red-legged earth mites.

Mr Thorne encouraged struggling farmers to seek aid, as many could be eligible
for up to $800 a fortnight under the Transition Farm Family Payment.

Camperdown livestock agent Brian Gleeson said there were cases of cattle in
poorer condition, but most were in ``very good condition considering''.

``We're not seeing big numbers of cull cows now because so many boat heifers are
going out of the country and they are getting good money,'' he said.

Adam Jenkins, who has a dairy farm in one of the drier pockets of southwest
Victoria at South Purrumbete, said cashflow was the problem.

``How many now will go into spring with a shortage of feed and a tight budget?''
Mr Jenkins said. ``Most people are maxed-out now.''

Carpendeit dairy farmer Donna Edge said: ``It is plain and simple. We are not
getting paid enough for our milk. It is less than the cost of production.''

FEEDCentral national sales manager Ian Wickham said fodder demand had slowed as
prices were high and warned ``farmers could be staring down the barrel of a
similar situation next year''.

Beef producers in the southwest have also been forced to reduce stocking rates,
or sell weaners earlier, and many sheep producers are struggling to keep feed up
to their animals.

Victorian Greens leader Greg Barber said an ``acute cash flow crisis'' was
developing as a result of climatic conditions and the milk-price squeeze.

Conditions were a ``textbook definition of climate change impacts in the
southwest'', he said.

``I don't blame farmers at all,'' he said. ``They did not see it coming.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Inhofe, Lankford Release Info on Programs Available to Oklahomans
Affected by Wildfires

LENGTH: 847  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jim Inhofe has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Jim Inhofe and James Lankford today released information on the
services available to provide assistance to Oklahomans impacted by the wildfires
affecting northwestern Oklahoma.





  Inhofe and Lankford will also hold a press conference tomorrow at 10:00AM CT
at the West Woodward Airport. For press conference information, click here.



  "My thoughts and prayers are with our friends and neighbors in Beaver, Harper,
and Woodward Counties who are reeling from the effects of three separate
wildfires and need our help; many in northwest Oklahoma have lost their homes,
farms and ranches," Inhofe said. "As our firefighters, first responders, and
volunteers work tirelessly to contain the flames, those who wish to donate food,
water, hay and other necessities should reach out to The American Red Cross
which has partnered with the Southern Baptist Men and the Salvation Army.
Senator Lankford and I are working to ensure that everyone who has been affected
by the wildfires has access to the resources and information available to them
through FEMA, USDA and the Natural Resources Conservation Service. Our offices
are standing by to direct those who need assistance, don't hesitate to call."



  "All of Oklahoma stands with our friends and neighbors in northwest Oklahoma
battling the devastating wildfires--they are not alone," Lankford said. "A
number of fire relief resources have already been made available as they walk
through a literal firestorm. Oklahomans that want to help can donate: hay,
water, food, and additional items to support those in Harper County, Woodward
County, Beaver County and the surrounding areas. Senator Inhofe and I are
working with the USDA, relief organizations, and community leaders to provide a
list of resources that are available to help. If anyone has questions, please do
not hesitate to reach out to my office."



  For more information contact Sen. Inhofe's office at (202) 224-4721 or visit
www.inhofe.senate.gov or Sen. Lankford's office at (202) 224-5754 or visit
www.lankford.senate.gov.



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture has a number of specific programs to
provide assistance to Oklahomans impacted by the wildfires. The type of
assistance available is dependent on factors unique to each individual. It is
important to review all available options to determine which program and type of
assistance fits your situation:



  Farm Services Agency (FSA)



  Emergency Loans (EM)



     Available based on the physical loss of property, including cattle and
stored hay lost in a wildfire, and buildings and fences damaged or destroyed

     Loans may be made for the full cost to replace the property lost, but
certain deductions may apply

     Applications must have an acceptable credit history but be unable to obtain
credit from conventional sources (bank, farm credit system, etc.)



  Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP)



     Financial assistance to producers of non-insurable crops, including forage

     Applicants have to meet application deadlines and coverage limits apply



  Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP)



     Available to producers whose grazing losses due to fire are on federally
managed rangeland



  Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP)



     Available to livestock producers for livestock deaths caused by adverse
weather, including wildfires exacerbated by eligible adverse weather, but only
covers 75% of the market value of the livestock

     Can only be used for livestock produced for commercial use as part of a
farming operation



  Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP)



     Emergency assistance for losses during relatively unusual circumstances
unique to an individual



  Tree Assistance Program (TAP)



     Assistance to replant or rehabilitate eligible trees, bushes, and vines
lost by natural disasters produced for commercial purposes



  Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) - Emergency Use of Conservation Reserve
Program Land



     Emergency use of CRP in the form of haying and grazing can be allowed in
circumstances related to wildfire



  Emergency Conservation Program (ECP)



     Can provide cost-share assistance to rebuild fences and other agricultural
infrastructure



  Practices Eligible for Wild Fire Disaster Event:



  EC-3 - Restoring Permanent Fence



     Replace farm fences used for agricultural purposes



  EC-4 - Restoring Conservation Structures and other installations



     Provides assistance to repair or replace damaged windmills or solar units
for livestock water



  Risk Management Agency (RMA)



     Farmers and ranchers with coverage through the federal crop insurance
program administered by the Risk Management Agency (RMA) should contact their
crop insurance agent to discuss available options



  Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS)



     Provides assistance to people effected by wildfire through the Conservation
Technical Assistance (CTA) and the Environmental Quality Incentive Program
(EQIP) available through local service centers

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          January 28, 1998, Wednesday,

BRIEFS

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS, Pg. 4B, BRIEFS

LENGTH: 222 words


Community Health Services is seeking volunteers to visit homebound people,
assist with its switchboard and help with office duties and supplies. For more
information, call 775-7231 or 1-800-479-4331.

Baxter Memorial Library, in preparation for inventory, will be holding an
amnesty period from Feb. 2-12. During this time, the library will accept
non-perishable food items, paper goods and personal care items in lieu of
overdue book fines. All items collected will be donated to the Gorham Ecumenical
Food Pantry at St. Anne's Church. The library, located at 71 South St., Gorham,
will be closed Feb. 13 for inventory.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently released a emergency program fact
sheet on ice storm assistance for farmers. The Farm Service Agency provides
emergency loans to help cover production and physical losses in counties
declared as disaster areas. Loans for crop, livestock, and non-real estate
losses are normally repaid in one to seven years, and in special circumstances,
up to 20 years. Loans for physical losses are normally repaid in 30 years, and
in special circumstances, up to 40 years. For information on any of these
programs call a Farm Service Agency emergency number: Cumberland County Office,
839-7833; Knox/Lincoln County Office, 273-2002; or Maine State Office.,
990-9140.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              June 24, 2012 Sunday

Farm Briefs for June 24

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 534 words


Butte County Fair fundraising dinner will be on Saturday

GRIDLEY   A "Big Draw Dinner" to benefit the Butte County Fair takes place
Saturday at the fairgrounds. The event includes a prime rib dinner and $10,000
cash drawing. The raffle is to raise money for the 2013 Butte County Fair
Exposition. Tickets are $200 per couple, 846-3626.

Farmers can now apply for drought emergency loans

Due to drought this year, growers in 14 counties may be eligible for emergency
loans.

The counties include Tehama, Butte, Glenn and Shasta.

Farmers have eight months to apply and must show 30 percent loss and other
eligibility requirements.

Contact the nearest Farm Service Agency.

Luncheon, food drive is July 16 at Glenn RCD office in Willows

WILLOWS   A luncheon and food drive will be held at the Glenn County Resource
Conservation District, 132 North Enright Ave. in Willows, noon to 3 p.m. July
16.

RSVP by July 9, 934-4601 ext. 5.

Canned food donations will go to the Willows and Orland food banks.

Activities for Dairy month held at Glenn County Farmers Market

Old fashioned cook-offs will be held at the Glenn County farmers markets, June
27, 4-7 p.m. in downtown Willows and June 30 9 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. at Library
Park in Orland.

Events include a mac and cheese competition, with categories of creamiest, most
kid-friendly, grown-up favorite, creative and best presentation.

New vendors for the market are being accepted, glenncountyrcd.org.

Information, call Lisa Tietz, 934-4601, ext. 5.

Women for Agriculture gives out $7,500 in scholarships to students

DURHAM   California Women for Agriculture North Valley Chapter recently awarded
a combined $7,500 in scholarships to 11 Northern California students.

Members, mostly from Butte and Glenn Counties, award the funds to Northern
California high school seniors and college students pursing careers in
agriculture.

Recipients include Mackenzie Gomes of Willows, Callie McCarthy of Chico, Joshua
Parreira of Chico, Danielle Wood of Susanville. Katie Roberti of Loyalton,
Katherine Josiassen of Chico, Heidi Beglinger of Orland, Jessica Vasquez of
Cottonwood, Greg Mendes of Glenn, Tedra Thompsen of Chico and Justin Edson of
Chico.

New farmers encouraged to apply for scholarships

Cultivating Community, North Valley, is offering 10 scholarships of $240 to new
and young farmers who would like to sell at small farmers markets in Butte
County.

The deadline for applications is Monday.

Application available at: cultivatingcommunitynv.org or call Richard 624-8844.

CalFresh now accepted at Butte County markets

This summer marks the first time that Butte County CalFresh recipients can now
use their benefits to buy fresh fruits, vegetables, seeds, and seedlings at
every farmers market in the county.

CalFresh recipients receive their benefits monthly on a Golden State Advantage
Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card, which works like a debit card.
Recipients take their EBT card to the market manager's station and tokens will
be issued.

Legal residents who do not receive SSI/SSP and have a gross monthly income under
$1,180 (for one person) can apply for CalFresh. Income guidelines go up
approximately $414 per additional member.

Anyone interested can apply online at c4yourself.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Herald (Rock Hill, SC)

                          September 9, 2004, Thursday

The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C., business briefs

LENGTH: 430 words



FORT MILL LAW FIRM TO HOLD RIBBON-CUTTING TODAY: FORT MILL, S.C. -- Peterson Law
Firm will hold a ribbon-cutting 4:30 p.m. today at the office at 1096 Assembly
Drive, Suite 310 in Baxter Village.

Attorney John Peterson will be on hand to greet visitors.

The York County Regional Chamber of Commerce will assist with the
ribbon-cutting.


FORT MILL HARRIS TEETER TO OPEN WEDNESDAY: FORT MILL, S.C. -- The grand opening
and ribbon-cutting at the Harris Teeter at 1750 S.C. 160 West, near Baxter
Village, will be 8 a.m. Wednesday.

Several days of events are planned, including product samples from 4 to 8 p.m.
Sept. 17 and a visit by Harlem Globetrotter Curly Neal from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Sept. 18.

The 48,000-square-foot Harris Teeter will have a wine section, sushi bar,
international food, floral department and a pharmacy. The store is located in
West Town Market, a 70,000-square-foot center that will have a Blockbuster
Video, Chinese and pizza restaurants and hair and nail salons.


EMERGENCY LOANS AVAILABLE FOR FARMERS: YORK, S.C. -- Applications for emergency
loans based on damages and losses caused by the severe ice storm in January are
still being accepted at the Farm Service Agency Office in York County, according
to Ken Rentiers, state executive director.

Several counties in South Carolina were declared eligible for loans to cover
losses resulting from the storm Jan. 26-30.

A farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production in a single
enterprise, be able to repay the loan, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere and
have adequate security.

The deadline to file is Nov. 10. Farmers should apply at the FSA office at 1460
E. Alexander Love Highway, York.


GEORGIA-PACIFIC SELLS THREE LUMBER MILLS: ATLANTA -- Georgia-Pacific, the maker
of paper products and building supplies, has sold three lumber mills to
Allegheny Wood Products for an undisclosed amount as it shifts its focus from
hardwood lumber.

Georgia-Pacific on Tuesday passed operating control of the facilities in
Enfield, N.C.; Green Valley, W.Va.; and Marble, Pa., to Allegheny. The three
plants produce lumber for use in cabinet making, furniture and flooring and
employ about 250.

Atlanta-based Georgia-Pacific said the move came as part of its focus on wood
and gypsum panels, softwood lumber and chemical products and on differentiated
building products.

Georgia-Pacific has a plant in Catawba that makes exterior trim and siding.


-----

To see more of The Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldonline.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: RH-BIZ-BRIEFS-20040909

JOURNAL-CODE: RH

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2004 The Herald (Rock Hill, SC)


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 6, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CONGRESS SET TO OK FLOOD-AID BILL TODAY

BYLINE: Kathleen Best and Susan Hegger Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 1042 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


CONGRESS IS expected to give final approval today to a $5.8 billion flood-aid
package, clearing the way for a presidential signature this weekend.  The final
obstacle was removed Thursday, when Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., dropped her
bid to include in the package an unrelated provision for summer youth programs.
Waters' measure was approved by the House, but only after a heated debate in
which Republicans claimed that the flood-aid bill was being turned into a
"Christmas tree." The Senate stripped Waters' ornament from the tree when it
passed the aid bill this week.  Patrick Lacefield, spokesman for Waters, said
she agreed to drop the issue Thursday after she won assurances from the Labor
Department that her concerns could be handled by an executive order.  "The
amendment is no longer needed," Lacefield said. "We're happy with that." House
and Senate negotiators were meeting late Thursday to put finishing touches on
the aid plan. Those touches are expected to be tiny dabs, not the broad brush
strokes that could threaten the plan.  "There are no major sticking points,"
said a legislative aide familiar with the negotiations. "There may be a
provision or two dropped from the Senate version, but they are only minor
changes. They are moving forward." The Senate passed the $5.8 billion aid
package on a voice vote late Wednesday, nearly doubling the disaster relief
approved by the House.  The Senate bill made it easier for farmers, business
owners and railroads to recoup a part of their flood losses. At the urging of
Sens. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., and Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, more than $1 billion was
added to the legislation to reimburse farmers for crop losses. Farmers now will
be reimbursed 42 cents for each dollar lost, double the current reimbursement
rate of 21 cents.  The Senate also increased the cap on disaster loans for
businesses to $1.5 million from $500,000 and made it easier for larger rail
lines, such as Gateway Western Railway of Fairview Heights, Ill., to qualify for
federal aid.  The railway's track near Glasgow, Mo., has been demolished by the
flood.  President Bill Clinton is expected to sign the package as soon as it
reaches his desk.  But Clinton's budget chief, Leon Panetta, said Wednesday that
additional dollars from Washington might be harder to come by.  The $5.8 billion
aid package was designed "so that we don't have to come back - at least within a
short period of time - to seek additional funds," Panetta said at a breakfast
meeting with reporters.  "Right now we think we've developed a sufficient
cushion to give us the room we need to cover the immediate assistance that's
necessary." Flood-state governors and members of Congress have said their needs
may well top $12 billion.  "But I can't operate, and I don't think the
administration or the Congress . . . can operate on that basis," Panetta said.
"I think we're going to have to continue to evaluate those damages as the water
recedes and see whether or not additional assistance is required." Meanwhile,
Rep. Jim Talent, R-Chesterfield, introduced legislation Thursday designed to
encourage private flood-relief donations.  Talent, whose district has been
inundated by floodwater, is seeking to lift the limits on tax deductions for
charitable contributions by individuals and businesses.  "Flood victims need our
help," Talent said. "The federal government should not be an obstacle to acts of
charity but should be encouraging the unprecedented generosity of our people."
DETAILS OF AID PACKAGE Key provisions of $5.8 billion disaster relief
legislation approved Wednesday night by the Senate.  Direct Assistance Gives the
Federal Emergency Management Agency $2 billion to continue its direct aid to
individuals and families; $200 million for direct assistance grants to state and
local governments for long-term recovery.  Crop Losses Provides $2.4 billion for
crop losses; $102 million for emergency conservation programs, watershed repair,
enrollment of some land in Wetlands Reserve Program, and hiring of workers to
process disaster claims; $20.5 million to subsidize $80 million in Farmers Home
Administration loans for refinancing farm debt, cleaning up and restoring farms
and repairing farm structures.  Jobs Provides $54.6 million for temporary jobs
in flood cleanup, repair and public health and safety services; $4 million for
young people in state Youth Corps and Conservation Corps programs to aid in
disaster relief.  Flood Control Provides $235 million to the Army Corps of
Engineers to repair damage to levees and other flood-control works operated by
federal government and others.  Health and Environment Provides $75 million for
public health emergencies; $34 million for Environmental Protection Agency to
help with pesticide cleanup, repair of drinking water systems and repair of
underground storage facilities; $50 million in emergency community water
assistance grants from the Agriculture Department.  Transportation Provides $10
million to Coast Guard; $175 million for highway and bridge repair; $21 million
for restoration of rail service; $3.9 million for replacement of roads and
bridges on Indian reservations.  Housing, Community Development, Small Business
Provides $50 million for the Department of Housing and Urban Development for
housing, including acquisition, rehabilitation, tenant-based rental assistance
and new construction; $200 million for disaster-related community development;
$90 million to subsidize more than $400 million in emergency loans from the
Small Business Administration, increasing individual loan limit from $500,000 to
$1.5 million; $100 million for aid to schools, including grant money for
students who lose income because of flood; $15 million in Agriculture Department
grants for very low-income elderly people; $6 million to subsidize $15 million
in housing repair loans for rural areas; $5.4 million to subsidize $100 million
in industrial development loans.  Natural Resources Provides $30 million for
restoration of federal wildlife refuges and fish hatcheries; $900,000 for
restoration of federal parks; $5 million for repair of historic places; $1.4
million for increased stream monitoring and equipment costs for the U.S.
Geological Survey.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic/Chart - Chart listing details of aid package follows
story.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 30, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

U.S. farmers get better crop emergency deal

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: Business; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 104 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

U.S. farmers who have suffered losses from a natural disaster will find it
easier to apply for federal aid under the Emergency Loan Program, U.S.
Agriculture Department Secretary Ann Veneman said on Thursday.

The new changes allow farmers to borrow 100 per cent, or up to $500,000, of
their production losses from the Farm Service Agency, rather than 80 per cent
that had been permitted. This will prevent farmers from having to apply for
additional assistance from other USDA programs..

The Emergency Loan Program provides about $150 million annually to about 2,500
farmers who cannot obtain commercial credit.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Journal Record

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Farmers, ranchers wait for help as fires subside

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Donations of supplies, labor and money are helping hundreds of
farmers and ranchers in northwest Oklahoma get by until government aid is
available, officials said.

"The current federal farm bill has provisions for aid for producers, but not
everyone knows those details very well or the documents they need for claims"
said Tom Fanning, an Oklahoma Cattlemen's Association district vice president
and manager of Buffalo Feeders feed yard.

"There's separate provisions for land, livestock, and fencing that was burned.
But most of them haven't dealt with a situation of this magnitude before ... and
these are slow-moving funds," he said. "This is a generational event. It's going
to be one of those things that's compared with the Oklahoma City (Murrah
Building) bombing or 9/11 event for all the damage it caused to so many people.
People will talk about life before the fire and life after the fire. "

According to Oklahoma Forestry Services' most recent tally, nearly 780,000 acres
in the Panhandle area and Kansas have been destroyed by grassland fires. The
fires have been extinguished and the area is almost fully contained for
assessment.

The OCA sponsored a meeting over the weekend with officials from the Natural
Resource Conservation Service, state Department of Agriculture, Farm Service
Agency and Oklahoma Cattlemen's Foundation. They provided information about key
programs to help ag producers in their recovery after the fire. About 200
attended the event. Fanning said the Oklahoma Farm Bureau and other
organizations are funneling donors to the Twitter hashtag #OKFBLife.

Oklahoma Agriculture Secretary Jim Reese said funds will be available to help ag
producers recover, but timing will be an issue.

The federal Livestock Indemnity Program that helps pay for lost livestock is
available now, Reese said. That money covers 75 percent of losses.

"Now we're waiting for the declaration of emergency from the U.S. secretary of
agriculture for access to emergency loans. We expect that at any time now,"
Reese said. "Those funds will be available pretty quick. "

He said the U.S. Department of Agriculture has requested more than $20 million
for indemnity coverage, which suggests total losses will be much higher. An
estimate of damages was not available Tuesday.

Government funds through the Emergency Conservation Program to pay for miles of
destroyed fencing are handled more like a rebate, paid back after the work is
done, he said.

Reese agreed with Fanning that the time gap between stages can be problematic
for producers who now have no crops or livestock to liquidate. He credited
donors in general for helping but did not name specific agencies out of concern
that he would forget someone. Local community banks are making zero-interest
emergency loans as well, Reese said.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 7, 1993 Saturday

LENGTH: 516 words


WASHINGTON (AP) Ä Congress passed and sent to the White House on Friday a $5.7
billion spending bill to repair damage from months of flooding and heavy rain in
the Midwest. The measure also provides aid to farmers suffering crop losses this
year from the Southeastern drought and weather problems elsewhere. Approving the
measure by a voice vote, the House made only minor changes in the bill passed
Wednesday by the Senate.

The Senate accepted the House measure Friday on a voice vote without debate or
dissent. President Clinton was expected to sign it quickly. Clinton requested or
endorsed all the items in the aid package, which totaled only $2.5 billion when
he introduced it July 14 in waterlogged Des Moines, Iowa. The amount of aid has
steadily grown with the scope of the disaster, and will continue to rise as the
flood waters recede, exposing more damage to communities, homes, farms, highways
and livelihoods. Damage has been estimated at $12 billion. The loss to farm
production will become clearer next Wednesday when the Agriculture Department
issues its first corn and soybean production estimates based on field surveys
conducted this weekend. ""We've scattered money all over the world,'' said Rep.
William H. Natcher, D-Ky., chairman of the House Appropriations Committee,
urging the House to move quickly. ""These are our people and they're
suffering.'' Besides approving $2.3 billion in payments for crop losses, the
bill gives $2 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the
front-line agency for aiding individuals and families. The bill provides funds
for repair of levees, highways and rail lines; temporary jobs in flood cleanup;
individual loans of up to $1.5 million for small businesses; and grants for
communities to rebuild. It offers a variety of other aid aimed at protecting
water supplies, safeguarding against epidemics and helping individuals repair
their homes and farms. Some of the spending that was approved will service
nearly $600 million in loans, bringing the total value of the aid to $6.2
billion. Because of the crop-loss provision added by the Senate, growers should
be able to collect the full amount of disaster payment under a formula contained
in the 1990 farm bill. The formula enables growers to collect about 42 cents on
each dollar of loss. Disaster spending bills since then, however, have limited
payments to farmers at 21 cents on the dollar. The $900 million in crop-disaster
payments will be borrowed from the Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit
Corp., rather than directly from the Treasury. The CCC continuously takes in and
pays out money, and Congress yearly appropriates more to cover shortfalls.
Supporters of the increased crop-loss payments say that higher corn prices
because of lost production will result in lower price support payments,
offsetting the cost of paying for crop losses. None of the spending will be
charged against the federal deficit because of the emergency. Still, lawmakers
complained that the bill begins to undo the $496 billion deficit reduction bill
the Congress approved this week.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday

Rotterdam gallery defends its security;
Director rejects reports that emergency door was left unlocked after hours

BYLINE: DOREEN CARVAJAL and

SECTION: LEISURE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: PARI

ABSTRACT

The gallery's director, Emily Ansenk, dismissed as nonsense reports that a back
emergency door had been left unlocked for thieves who made their way through the
entrance into the museum on Tuesday morning without leaving obvious pry marks.

FULL TEXT

In the aftermath of the theft of seven valuable artworks in Rotterdam, the
Kunsthal gallery on Friday denied accusations of sloppy security instead of
celebrating the 20th anniversary of a museum that was designed with open and
flexible architecture.

The gallery's director, Emily Ansenk, dismissed as nonsense reports that a back
emergency door had been left unlocked for thieves who made their way through the
entrance into the museum on Tuesday morning without leaving obvious pry marks.

But the police made it clear through their most recent declarations that they
were investigating whether someone remained behind in the museum after closing
hours and could have opened the door.

The gallery, which has no permanent collection of its own, has come under
withering scrutiny. The Algemeen Dagblad, a local newspaper, reported this week
that a visitor complained that three months ago he and another person were
trapped there at closing time and left through the same emergency exit, raising
the possibility that someone could have opened the door to the thieves after
hours.

The recriminations are part of a standard ritual in high-profile art thefts
where museums confront questions about security and then face years of trying to
track down valuable paintings. In the second stage, the cast generally includes
police investigators, insurance adjusters and lawyers who often emerge offering
information from what one museum official characterized as the murky ''other
side.''

In this case, the artworks' owner, the Triton Foundation, has left it to the
Kunsthal to endure the public pressures. The foundation, which was formed in
2011 after the death of Willem Cordia, a millionaire Dutch investor and
collector, has no Web site; museum curators who have benefited from their
temporary loans, meanwhile, refuse to share contact details.

The foundation, which is not registered in the Netherlands, is now run by a
family member, Marlies Cordia-Roeloffs, who did not respond to repeated
messages. The family also owns a stable, the Jewel Court Stud farm,  near
Antwerp, Belgium, with a Web site containing extensive information about the
births of foals and show horses for dressage competitions. A person at the stud
farm also declined to provide any contact information about the Triton
Foundation.

The seven stolen artworks, which included works by Picasso, Matisse and Monet,
were quickly replaced with other works from the foundation so that the museum
opened on Wednesday with no empty spaces. Its light-filled windows were
fortified outside by new, enormous stone planters. And Kunsthal officials
avoided dwelling on the theft, refusing to identify where missing paintings
hung.

''Seven works were stolen and there are seven new works from the same
foundation,'' said Mariëtte Maaskant, a spokeswoman for the gallery.

One of the stolen art works, ''Woman with Eyes Closed,'' by Lucian Freud, was
exhibited on temporary loan in the spring to the National Portrait Gallery in
London, which had upgraded its security in connection with an exhibit of Freud's
works, said the museum's director, Sandy Nairne.

''We redid all our security systems because of the high values of Lucien Freud's
paintings,'' said Mr. Nairne, former program director at the Tate Gallery, in
London. ''I was hugely conscious of it and now I feel such sympathy for the
Kunsthal.''

Mr. Nairne is the author of ''Art Theft,'' a book about his own journey to
recovery two J.M.W. Turner paintings that belonged to the Tate, were stolen in
1994 and were missing for more than eight years.

In that case, the art was on temporary loan to the Schirn Kunsthalle, a
Frankfurt gallery that also does not have its own permanent collection. The
thieves stayed behind after hours and attacked the guard before fleeing with two
Turner paintings.

Three low-level thieves were eventually arrested and imprisoned, but in a
typical pattern, Mr. Nairne said, the thieves passed the artwork on to others in
a criminal underworld. While the paintings were missing, a number of lawyers
emerged offering information from anonymous sources, including a Frankfurt
lawyer who had represented a Balkan organized-crime figure based in Germany.

The Tate eventually paid for investigative expenses and more than (EURO)5
million, or about $6.5 million at current exchange rates, to the lawyer for
information leading to the recovery of the paintings, in 2002.

''It taught me a lot of things I didn't want to know about the criminal world,''
Mr. Nairne said. ''There are criminal activities that flit around the world we
work in, and we need to consider that. There's a link between the huge values of
paintings and the incentives to steal.''

That art heist left scars; this past summer the Tate created a special digital
exhibit of missing and stolen works, ''The Gallery of Lost Art.''  Included in
it is another Freud portrait of Francis Bacon that was stolen in 1988 from a
Berlin show. The theft so angered the artist that in 2001 he created his own
elegant wanted poster.

Since the theft at the Kunsthal, museum officials have avoided estimating a
price for the seven paintings, in effect denying a benchmark to thieves who
typically demand 10 percent of the value of a stolen painting, experts said.

Late Friday, the police released three dark, grainy photos from surveillance
cameras of the thieves apparently walking out the rear door. Their faces were
not visible, but the hope is that their bags are recognizable. The police have
also canvassed the neighborhood and posted leaflets calling on witnesses who
might have seen something suspicious.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

DROUGHT-relief funding promised by Agriculture Minister

SECTION: OPIN; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 544 words


DROUGHT-relief funding promised by Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce back in
February has finally started to trickle through to Queensland farmers.

The delay in getting the funds flowing should have been a major embarrassment
for the federal government, but now that some money has been made available, the
real test is about to begin.

Just how many producers are able to access and actually benefit from this relief
package remains unknown.

There are reports that farmers around Charleville are so disappointed by the
government's drought-relief response that they are planning a protest rally to
highlight the dire financial situation many landholders face.

Many say that the package has been "too little, too late".

The deal included changes to allow more farmers to access income support through
Centrelink's farm-household allowance. This was made available from March 3, and
by the beginning of May, almost 1000 applications had been granted to farmers in
NSW and Queensland.

Even the state government's Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate, which most
agree is an excellent initiative, is limited in its scope to help farmers
prepare for the next drought by the require -

ment that farmers must be in an 'emergency' situation to access it.

QCL has heard of a case where a landholder in a drought-declared shire submitted
a plan to install extra troughs in paddocks where dams and creeks had run dry
but feed was still available.

When contacted by a staff member from the Department of Agriculture, the
landholder reported that there was now a small amount of water in the dams. He
was told the applica tion was void as the situa -

tion could no longer be deemed an "emergency". We understand that these programs
are for emergency drought relief, but one thing is for certain: once this
drought breaks, we must start a conversation about preparing farmers for drought
during good times.

Incentives to build silos and on-farm fodder storages, clean out dams and
improve infra structure in the good times would perhaps be worth more than
concessional loans, rebates and allowances when farmers are at breaking point?

The package totals $340 million and includes $280m for concessional loans of up
to $1m at 4 per cent interest.

After much fanfare about the way the loans are administered, the Prime Minister
finally approved $100m for farmers in Queensland and $100m for farmers in NSW
last week. How the other $80m is spent is still being negotiated.

Many of them argue they simply can't afford to borrow more money, even at a
concessional rate. Others say they may attempt to restructure some of their
existing debt through the scheme.

Some of those planning the protest rally at Charleville say they have been
waiting for months for their household support applications to be processed.
Meanwhile the drought rages and cash flows simply get tighter.

As advised, the landholder submitted a map with his application, indicating the
dry dams and intended watering points.

A few weeks later the property received some relief rain which put a temporary
supply of water in the dams.

The frustration for this landholder was compounded by the knowledge that come
the next bad dry spell his dams would be dry again and he'd most likely be back
making the same application all over again.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Your Town: Drought frees up loan for Monterey County farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 643 words


MONTEREY

Farmers eligible for ag loan

Monterey County farmers affected by the drought are eligible for federal
disaster assistance, Rep. Sam Farr announced Wednesday.

Monterey is among 27 California counties designated as primary natural disaster
areas by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack. The designation qualifies
agricultural operators for low-interest emergency loans from the Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

Santa Cruz County was designated a contiguous disaster county and is eligible
for assistance.

The maximum amount for a loan is $500,000.

Farmers and ranchers have eight months to apply.

For information, call the Farm Service Agency's Central Coast office at
424-7377, or seewww.usda.gov/ca .

MONTEREY

Homeless forum coming to library

A forum on homelessness in Monterey will be held 1:30 to 2:45 p.m. Saturday at
the Monterey Public Library, 625 Pacific St.

"Not a Crime: The Homeless in Monterey" features a panel discussion with
community leaders:

· Timothy Barrett, chairman of the MPC Symposium on Hunger and Homelessness and
project manager of the Coalition for Homeless Service Providers.

· Vincent Delgado, program officer for Safe Place and Safe Passage.

· Richard Powell, sensory development therapist and advocate for the homeless.

· Michelle Welsh, attorney and chairwoman of the ACLU of Northern California.

· Kathy Whilden, organizer of the Fund for Homeless Women.

The forum is sponsored by the Monterey County chapter of the ACLU of Northern
California.

For information, call 624-5725.

CARMEL

Carmel will have election after all

Carmel voters will have ballots to cast in April.

The possibility of the April 8 election being canceled was ruled out Wednesday
at the close of the nominating period for candidates for the Carmel City
Council.

"We will have an election," said Deputy City Clerk Daryl Betancur.

Three candidates qualified for the ballot for two open council seats.

They are incumbent Councilwoman Carrie Theis, Planning Commissioner Steve Dallas
and business owner Lucas Austin.

Mayor Jason Burnett will be alone on the ballot, virtually guaranteeing he will
be re-elected to a second two-year term.

The only possible hurdle for Burnett would be a write-in candidate pulling a
longshot victory.

MONTEREY COUNTY

Hazmat team earns Type II status

Monterey County's hazmat team was granted Type II status by the state Office of
Emergency Services.

The three-level rating system is based on response capability, including
training, equipment and staffing resources. The county team earned its upgrade
after an inspection by the state office.

The hazmat team is a partnership between the county Environmental Health
Department and the Seaside and Salinas fire departments.

MONTEREY

Reeves named public works person of year

Tom Reeves, city engineer for Monterey, has won the 2014 Public Works Person of
the Year Award from the Monterey Bay chapter of the American Public Works
Association.

Reeves has spent 26 years with Monterey and played important roles in city
projects, including Lighthouse Curve, East Del Monte Avenue widening and
improvements between Palo Verde Avenue and the city of Seaside.

Reeves manages the Neighborhood Improvement Program, which uses hotel tax
revenue each year for neighborhood projects.

The Monterey Bay chapter of the association covers Monterey, Santa Cruz and San
Benito counties.

PACIFIC GROVE

Woman found guilty of credit card fraud

A Castroville woman was convicted of fraudulent use of a credit card of a
Pacific Grove couple whose child she was caring for.

Samantha King, 25, was found guilty in a jury trial and faces six months in jail
and/or a $1,000 fine, prosecutors said.

King worked for the couple for about five months in 2011, taking care of their
10-year-old, the District Attorney's Office said.

Police began investigating after the parents discovered unauthorized purchases
on their account.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: Ag Chief Says Loan Fund Faces Depletion

                            October 29, 1999, Friday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The government's farm emergency loan program may be depleted by Dec. 31 -- just
three months into the new fiscal year, Agriculture Department Secretary Dan
Glickman said Thursday.

Mr. Glickman urged Congress to approve supplemental funding for the department's
Farm Service Agency loan programs. "Demands for USDA loans continue to increase,
and there is very little money in this bill to meet this demand," he said
Wednesday. "Right now we have the authority to provide $3 billion in loans -- $2
billion less than we need."

-- Craig Woker

SECTION: MARKETS ; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 92 words

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE U.S.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 456 words


FDA warns public to stop eating pistachios

FRESNO, Calif. - Federal food safety officials are warning consumers to stop
eating all foods containing pistachios while they figure out the source of a
possible salmonella contamination.

The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that central California-based
Setton Farms is voluntarily recalling more than 1 million pounds of nuts.

No illnesses have been reported, but the plant has been shut down voluntarily
since late last week.

California health officials say that because Setton Farms shipped nuts to 36
wholesalers across the country, it will take weeks to figure out how many
products could be affected.

Setton Farms, based in Terra Bella, a rural hamlet in Tulare County, did not
immediately respond to calls for comment. It is the second-largest pistachio
processor in the U.S.

Flood-ravaged region braces for snowstorm

FARGO, N.D. - Residents welcomed the Red River's further retreat Monday but
faced an approaching snowstorm expected to kick up wind-whipped waves that could
threaten the sandbag levees they built to protect their city from a major flood.

Engineers weren't worried about the storm's snow because it's unlikely to melt
soon. They were concerned, however, that crashing waves could weaken the dikes.

The higher the wind speed, the higher the threat, said Jeff DeZellar, a
spokesman for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

"The forecast that we saw was 25 mph or more, and certainly that's enough wind
to create some wave action on the river," he said Monday.

By midday Monday, the Red had fallen to just above 39 feet - down more than a
foot from its nearly 41-foot crest on Saturday. City officials said they
wouldn't breathe easy until it falls to 37 feet or lower, expected by Saturday.

FEMA loans would be forgiven under plan

NEW ORLEANS - The federal government is proposing to forgive disaster loans made
to coastal communities that have faced budget problems in the years after
hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

Rules proposed Monday would let local governments avoid repaying some or all of
their loans if their revenues for three fiscal years since the disasters haven't
met operating costs. Debt forgiveness would not be automatic, meaning
communities would have to apply for the relief and meet criteria.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency made available nearly $1.3 billion in
loans to communities in Louisiana and Mississippi after the 2005 hurricanes
devastated the region - about $1 billion more than it says it had released in
community disaster loans for nearly all of the 30 years prior to the two major
storms.

As of March 16, $831 million in loan funds had been drawn down. FEMA had no
estimate on how much of the loaned money may be forgiven.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Programs available for burned ranchers

BYLINE: By Dianne Stallings dstallings@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words


Contacted by Lincoln County Commissioner Jackie Powell, a Lincoln Farm Service
Agency official provided a list of programs for agricultural producers affected
by the Donaldson Fire that ignited June 28 east of Ruidoso.

The programs include the emergency loan program, livestock forage disaster
program, livestock indemnity program, emergency assistance for livestock and the
non-insured assistance program.

The official wrote Powell that the 2008 Farm Bill requires agricultural
producers to purchase insurance for their native grass through the FSA
Non-Insured Assistance Program, or if available, from private insurance
companies to access FSA Disaster Programs. The exceptions to the requirements
are those producers who are determined to be beginning farmers or ranchers,
limited resource producers, and socially disadvantaged producers or historically
underserved.

Also, for the 2011 crop year, producers may request in writing "Equitable
Relief" from the purchase of the required insurance to the FSA County Committee.
If approved by the New Mexico State Committee for Equitable Relief, the producer
is eligible to apply for assistance to disaster programs affecting the land.

Other disaster programs such as the Livestock Indemnity Program and the
Emergency Conservation Program do not require the purchase of crop insurance.

Farm Service Agency applicants must complete the Adjusted Gross Income
Certification form.

"The Otero-Lincoln Farm Service Agency Office continues to assess the damages
from this wildfire in anticipation of requesting funds for the Emergency
Conservation Program to assist Agricultural Producers in re-building fences and
livestock pipelines," he wrote Powell in a memorandum distributed by County
Manager Tom Stewart.

The full list of available programs can be found at

http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&subject=landing&topic=pfs
&newstype=prfactsheet .

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday

River family looks askance at drains

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1080 words


Jun. 30--HILLSBORO, N.D. -- Chris Hettervig has a summary statement about
landowners and local water regulators who increasingly move water through larger
ditches -- drains -- on along the Red River.

"They just don't give a damn about us down here anymore," he says.

"You've got 6 acres -- a place you've lived in one place all you're life, and
you're basically getting driven out of here."

Hettervig, 66, and his wife, Kathryn, got flooded out of their farmstead, 11
miles east of Hillsboro, N.D., again this spring. The home is surrounded by a
38-foot dike, but that wasn't enough.

Flooded with more than 2 feet of water on their main level this year, they were
forced to out in March. Tight finances forced them to move back in by June 1,
before the place was put back together.

These days, Hettervig spends time looking for some Federal Emergency Management
Agency money, but it isn't clear he'll be eligible. The $30,000 insurance money
was paid to the bank to first pay off $28,000 loan against the farmstead. He had
to take out the mortgage a few years ago to survive a year of bad cattle prices
and high hay costs.

That left $2,000 to help fix up the place, plus $8,000 for contents insurance.

"How far does that go when you have $50,000 to $60,000 in damage?" he says. "I
ain't done with FEMA yet."

Hettervig says he's going to try to increase the level of his ring dike around
his farmstead. "I'm going to go up 3 feet on the front of the road out here," he
says. "It's going to be 43 feet, at least."

Surviving the vagaries The Hettervigs are mostly retired but work with their
son, Robert "Bob" Hettervig, and his 70-cow beef cow operation. Bob based on a
flooded out two miles to the north.

Bob, 46, is a full-time mechanic at the Ada, Minn., Cenex across the river.
Bob's wife, Roberta, runs a Halstad, Minn., cafe, and their son, Ross, is a
junior at Norman County West High School.

Since the flood, Bob and family have been living in a borrowed home near
Halstad. They'd expect to be back in their flooded farmstead in July, but that
isn't certain.

It's just another rough period for Chris, who is no stranger to the ways of the
Red River and the ebb and flow of the agricultural economy.

Born in February 1943, a few miles away, Chris was 1 month old when his father
moved "down by the river."

In 1960, young Chris started farming. He married Kathryn, who'd grown up in
Shelly, Minn., and Grand Forks, N.D., and life was largely good.

"When we hit the 1980s, the farming kind of went downhill, as far as the land
values," Chris says.

Chris remembers loan interest rates skyrocketing to 18 percent at about the time
he'd used his share of the equity in a 480-acre farm to borrow money against, to
expand into pigs and remodel the house.

"We built a farrowing house and had a 100 sows, farrow-to-finish, twice a year,"
Chris recalls. "We produced about 1,500 market hogs a year."

But the price of hogs pretty much deteriorated to where "only the big operations
survived and the small operations couldn't compete." There were loan write-offs
for big farmers, not much for the smaller ones, he says.

When their conventional lenders foreclosed, the Hettervigs obtained a loan
through the then-Farmers Home Administration, but eventually lost that, too.

In the 1990s, Kathryn had a serious bout with cancer. She had two types of
tumors in her mouth, tongue, jaw and arteries and suffers the effect of major
surgery. In 2002, Chris survived bladder cancer.

"I've been through a lot; nothing much phases me anymore," Chris says.

The floods, the floods Flooding has been the most constant challenge. Chris
ticks off a long list of floods that have affected his farm.

The 1975 flood was a summer flood. He had Federal Crop Insurance, but at the
time, the damages were more averaged over a whole farm and separate parcels of
land couldn't be singled out.

"We had one quarter where we lost all of the wheat on it," he says.

"That was when wheat was $5 a bushel."

In 1979, there was 6 inches of water on the floor in the house.

There was a big flood in 1989.

The big one in 1997, when they moved their cows five miles up the road to
neighbor Leo Ackerman's.

"We just kind of rigged up a corral and were lucky enough that it didn't rain
for about six weeks when we were calving. He was a lot of help to us," he says.

The Hettervigs were out of their home for six weeks.

In 2006, Bob and his son, Ross, stayed home on the farm and -- while isolated --
calved out 100 cows on manure piles. Bob had to check the cattle every two or
three hours, using a tractor to get through 2 feet of water from the house to
the corral.

Meanwhile, Chris and Kathryn had sandbagged and couldn't leave their place.

"We had to stay here a week and keep pumping," Chris says.

In the 2009 flood, there was no place to go. The Hettervigs moved household
possessions into the upper floors of their house, but all of the appliances were
lost. On March 28, they moved to a one-bedroom apartment in Halstad.

Chris made a call to the Central Livestock Association in West Fargo, N.D.,
where he'd done business for 50 years.

"They said to bring the cows down," Chris says.

The Hettervigs moved the cattle and made two trips daily for more than a month.

Sooner than they'd like, the Hettervigs found themselves moving back to a
farmstead that still had serious damage.

Rent for the apartment in Halstad had started at $325 a month and went to $500 a
month later. When they were told it would go to $1,200 a month in June, they had
to move out and back to the farmstead -- ready or not.

Chris, who often drives past the rebuilding and expanding the Leirness Drain,
blames flooding on too much of this kind of drainage.

"At one time, there was a limit to how far they could go out with these drains,"
he says. "And the Sheyenne Diversion (around West Fargo, N.D.) ain't helping us
one bit in this area."

He is fatalistic about federal control and assumes the cities' problems will be
addressed before the country people.

Says Chris: "If you were running for governor, who would you help? To get the
votes would help Fargo? Or would you help Hillsboro people, like me?"

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090630-AW-FARM-FLOODS-20090630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2009 Agweek


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Farmers inquire about drought aid

BYLINE: Erin Murphy TH staff writer * emurphy@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 536 words


feeling it all over Wisconsin and Illinois are being hit by the drought as well.
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker on Thursday requested a federal disaster
designation for 23 counties -- including Crawford, Grant, Iowa and Lafayette --
due to significant damages suffered from the ongoing drought.

Under the designation, Wisconsin farmers can apply for emergency loans through
the federal Farm Service Agency. The U.S. Drought Monitor has identified the
counties as suffering extreme drought conditions affecting crops, grasses and
pasture. In Illinois, the United States Department of Agriculture reported that
56 percent of the corn crop has been determined to be in poor or very poor
condition. They are deeply concerned for their farms, for their livelihoods. The
drought of 2012 already is creating agricultural havoc, and it's only going to
get worse. More than 5,000 eastern Iowans called into an impromptu telephone
town hall meeting Thursday night hosted by U.S. Rep. Bruce Braley and Juan
Garcia, administrator of the United States Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency. According to the USDA, 19 percent of corn and 20 percent of
soybeans in Iowa have been classified as in poor condition. Because of that,
prices have risen to historic levels: soybeans are at $17 per bushel and corn,
as Braley put it, has crossed "the mythical $8 per basket barrier." "These are
bad things for Iowa," Braley said. "It's bad news we have to prepare for." Many
callers wanted to know their options for federal assistance. Garcia attempted to
lay out the different programs available. He said many counties already have
been declared disaster areas and more are likely to join soon; interest rates on
emergency loans have been reduced to 2.5 percent; and attempts are being made to
open more land for hay and grazing under the Conservation Reserve Program. "We
are looking at all options at the present time," Garcia said. While many corn
and soybean producers will be protected by insurance, other producers expressed
concerns that they will not be as fortunate. Livestock farmers and those on
small farms wondered whether help will come their way. Garcia said the U.S.
House and Senate are working on developing programs that would assist livestock
producers against forage losses retroactive to include all of 2012. Braley said
the questions illustrated how far-reaching the drought's impact will be. "Rising
corn prices and soybean prices affect everyone in the food chain," Braley said.
"That's why the long-term effects of the drought should be the concern of every
American." Braley framed the drought as another reason to urge passage of a new
federal farm bill. The legislation, passed once every four to five years, will
reshape much of the agriculture and conservation industries. The current bill
expires Sept. 30. The Senate has passed its version, and the House version has
passed committee. It is now on House leadership to bring the bill to the floor
for debate, but there are concerns the party might stall until after the
November election. In that case, the most likely result would be a one-year
extension of the current bill. Some say that uncertainty would be damaging to
the agriculture industry.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 15, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

More Debt Won't Help Farmers Hit By Drought

Marcella Bombardieri, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 871 words



With Southern Maryland farmers expecting to lose 30 to 70 percent of their crops
this year, the disaster assistance loans made available last week by U.S.
Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman will be of little use to the region, said
farmers and state and federal agricultural officials.

The farmers most in need of drought aid are already so heavily indebted that the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's emergency loans are unappealing despite their
low interest rates, said Tom Shockley, state executive director of the Farm
Service Agency (FSA), the USDA branch that will administer the loans through its
county offices.

"As one man told me, if you're drowning in 10 feet of water, what is pouring two
more feet of water over your head going to do?" Shockley said. "To borrow more
money to get deeper in debt is not the answer to the problem."

Southern Maryland farmers instead need grants--not loans--from Congress, or else
some will be forced to sell their land to developers, said many in the
agricultural community.

Farmers in Charles and St. Mary's counties expect to lose a sizable chunk of
normal crop yields--45 percent to 50 percent of the corn crop, 50 percent of
soybeans, 70 percent of hay, 30 percent of tobacco and 40 percent of vegetables,
according to FSA projections. Expectations are a bit less dim in Calvert County,
where farmers anticipate losing 20 percent of corn, 30 percent of soybeans and
30 percent of the hay yield.

Most likely, only a handful of Southern Maryland farmers will apply for the
low-interest loans released last week by Glickman's disaster area declaration
for almost all of Maryland, said Amelia Farrell, acting director for the FSA
offices in Calvert and St. Mary's counties.

The loans are restricted to family farm operators who have been turned down by
commercial creditors, so only the most severely strapped farmers would be
eligible. And many of those would be loath to plunge themselves deeper in debt,
said Emily Wilson, assistant director of government relations for the Maryland
Farm Bureau, a farm industry group.

"These low-interest loans are by no means the saving grace," Wilson said. "It's
not going to pull the state's farmers out of the economic disaster they're
facing by any stretch of the imagination."

Another requirement for the emergency loans is that farmers must have suffered a
loss of at least 30 percent of an essential crop. The loans, currently at a 3.75
percent interest rate, are available at up to 80 percent of actual losses, with
a maximum of $ 500,000 of indebtedness. Farmers have eight months to apply, and
many will not know how much help they need until the fall or next spring,
Shockley said.

Grants from Congress are what would really boost Southern Maryland farmers, said
Maryland Department of Agriculture spokesman Don Vandrey. Last year, Congress
appropriated almost $ 2.4 billion for farmers who fell victim to drought and
other natural disasters. Vandrey hopes the federal government will consider
similar measures this year for the mid-Atlantic region.

In the meantime, the FSA has an array of other, smaller programs to aid farmers,
and Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) is putting together a $ 3 million
state package to provide assistance with erosion-preventive crops, small grains,
water and livestock feed, Vandrey said.

State and federal aid, however, may not be enough to keep all of Southern
Maryland's farmers in business. Continuing drought and "devastatingly low"
commodity prices have created "a vicious cycle" of loss that could drive some
families to sell their land to developers, Wilson said.

Many farmers agree that this summer's nightmarish weather creates a temptation
to bow out of farming altogether.

"The developers are parked at the gates, ready to move in," said Charles County
farmer B.B. Kemp. "If farmers can't pay their taxes and can't pay their bank
loans, they're going to say, 'The hell with it.' "

Calvert County farmers Phyllis and Richard Horsmon have decided to sell 20 acres
of their 100-acre farm in St. Leonard. They would be even more desperate for
cash if they hadn't diversified their crops to emphasize such nontraditional
items as chrysanthemums, or if Richard Horsmon had not sought an outside
job--two steps that more and more farmers are taking to stay afloat.

"It's sad, but we have no choice," Phyllis Horsmon said about the sale. "The
farmer loves his land and wants to save it, but he also has to take care of
himself, his kids and his retirement."

Not everyone agrees that this year's drought will spell the end of local
farmers, or even that federal aid is a good idea. According to Richard Horsmon,
government programs can do farmers more harm than good by allowing them to sink
into too much debt and avoid hard choices about how to save money.

Horsmon's opinion is echoed by St. Mary's farmer Donnie Tennyson, who adds that
while farmers may like to complain, they know how to survive tough times.

"We're going to have to dip into our nest eggs [this year], but that's normal in
agriculture," Tennyson said. "Overall, I don't think we're going to see a big
exit from farming here locally. We're very durable people."


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 29, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

Hoyer Vows Support for Farmers; Congressman Sees Drought-Scarred Fields, Hears
Pleas for Aid

Hannah Allam, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M03

LENGTH: 479 words



Billy Lyon led Rep. Steny H. Hoyer down a dusty path through his century-old
Friendly Hall farm Wednesday morning.

The two men, trailed by a dozen other Southern Maryland farmers who showed up
for the Democratic congressman's visit, strolled past the brittle corn, the
dried-up strawberries, the drought-stunted tobacco and soybean plants. Hope hung
on each weak raindrop that sprinkled down on Lyon's 200 acres in St. Mary's
County.

But not even that late shower--which was followed by heavy rain later that
day--could remedy the lost harvests in what Lyon's wife, Rose, called the worst
year she's ever seen. What these farmers need, they told Hoyer, are grants. The
group stopped to point out the brown, wilted cornstalks and shared stories about
leaving tomatoes to rot in the fields because of another problem farmers face
this summer: The market price wasn't worth the time they would spend picking
them.

Hoyer, on the first stop of an all-day Southern Maryland tour, listened to their
travails and pledged his support of emergency aid that could prevent small,
family-owned farms in the region from going out of business. Low-interest loans
are now available in 25 drought-stricken states, but are little solace to folks
already deep in debt from the rough season.

The Department of Agriculture estimates total drought damage so far at $ 1
billion. Hoyer said he supports the Senate draft of the Agricultural
Appropriations Bill. President Clinton vetoed an earlier version of the measure
in part because it did not increase disaster aid for farmers. The Senate plan
offers farmers who already qualify for subsidies $ 7 billion to increase their
payments, while the House version extends no new emergency assistance. A
compromise between the two is expected, Hoyer said, although no legislation is
pending that includes grants. A Hoyer spokeswoman said the congressman would
support grants and will urge more emergency help through his position on the
Appropriations Committee.

"We need to ensure that family farmers continue to be viable," Hoyer said. "This
issue involves not only land conservation, but [is] also a cultural, economic
and food supply issue."

As the long-awaited rain fell harder and the congressman drove away, Billy Lyon
said he hoped Hoyer's trip results in grants for him and other area farmers. One
man in the group remarked that without federal aid, "For Sale" signs may start
to go up, signaling the demise of small farms. Lyon wiped droplets off the brim
of his cap.

"Loans won't do me any good," he said. "Cash is kind of like the rain--it
helps."

Hoyer and Lyon walk among damaged fields of strawberries and corn. Hoyer told
Southern Maryland farmers he would seek emergency grants for them. Farmer Bill
Lyon, left, and Rep. Steny Hoyer examine Lyon's crumbling corn during Hoyer's
day-long visit to farms.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  November 17, 2001 Saturday Marshall Edition

AREA Briefs

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 481 words


May weather prompts emergency farm loans

The frosts, freezes and cooler-than-normal temperatures during the second half
of May ruined a substantial part of the Michigan grape crop, interfered with
pollination of other fruit crops and nipped row crops.

As a result, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has made 27 counties in Michigan
eligible for USDA emergency farm loans.

The designation includes Berrien, Cass, Allegan and Van Buren counties. By law,
contiguous counties are also included in the program. Locally, they are St.
Joseph County in Michigan and LaPorte, St. Joseph and Elkhart counties in
Indiana.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

Interested farmers can contact their local FSA offices for further information
on eligibility requirements and application procedures.

Additional information is available on the Web at
www.fsa.usda.gov/pas/disaster/assistance1.htm.

PLYMOUTH

Driver breaks leg in crash

A Grovertown woman suffered a fractured leg in a two-vehicle accident around
4:40 p.m. Thursday.

Marshall County police said Sara M. Yakimicki, 29, was westbound on U.S. 30 when
her vehicle was struck by another vehicle northbound from the median of U.S. 30
at the Union Road intersection. The driver of the second vehicle was Jason L.
Skaggs, 27, South Bend.

Police said Skaggs told them he did not see Yakimicki's vehicle prior to the
collision that caused Skaggs' car to skid off the northwest corner of the
intersection into an earthen embankment. Yakimicki's vehicle skidded off the
north berm and came to a stop along the west berm of Union Road next to the stop
sign. Skaggs was uninjured in the accident.

Fatal crash results in 6-year sentence

A Plymouth man was sentenced to six years in prison Friday for pleading guilty
to causing death while operating a vehicle with marijuana in his system,
according to Marshall County Prosecutor Curt Palmer.

Two years of Roger Gamble's sentence were suspended, while he also received two
years of probation. With credit for good behavior, Gamble could be released from
prison in two years.

Gamble was charged last year because of his role in an early morning crash on
April 25, 2000, near the intersection of U.S. 30 and Pine Road in Marshall
County.

According to court documents, Gamble was traveling south on Pine Road, crossed
U.S. 30 to the median, stopped for a passing semi and pulled onto the highway,
where he collided with an eastbound pickup truck driven by Joseph Drabik, of
Knox.

Drabik was thrown from his truck and later pronounced dead from massive internal
injuries.

According to court documents, Gamble told authorities he had smoked marijuana a
few days before. Blood and urine samples were taken, showing the presence of
marijuana, according to court documents.


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 8, 1981 Thursday

Freeze rates   on farm loans,   Ottawa urged

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - Interest rates on Government loans to farmers should be
 frozen at their current rate of 14 per cent, the country's major farm
 organization said yesterday.

Glen Flaten, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said
 a freeze of the lending rates of the Farm Credit Corp. is needed 'to halt
 the deteriorating financial position of farmers, especially in the
 livestock industry.'
    Mr. Flaten said the federal Government should also inject $1-billion
 into Farm Credit 'for emergency refinancing assistance to the growing
 number of progressive farmers in acute difficulty.'
    A Farm Credit spokesman said an announcement is expected today on the
 corporation's lending rate. It had been scheduled to increase Oct. 1 to 17
 per cent, but that move was postponed at the request of Agriculture
 Minister Eugene Whelan.

It appears that Mr. Whelan has been unable to get Cabinet support for a
 freeze on the rates.

The corporation has been unable to make any loans since Oct. 1, but is
 expected to resume lending when a new rate is set. However, it has only
 $86.6-million left for the next six months compared with more than $110-
 million a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 15, 1978, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Panel Votes Bill on Farm Loans

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 408 words


The House Committee yesterday approved, 39 to 5, a $4 billion emergency credit
bill to help farmers caught in a price squeeze to pay off home or operating
loans.

The bill would create a new program to be administered by the Farmers Home
Administration taht would make direct loans or guarantee loans in the private
money market up to $400,000 for estiablished farmers who can't get credit
through regualr channels because of depressed economic conditions and might
otherwise lose their farms.

Up to $2 billion could be loaned or guaranteed during each of the next two years
for the temporary program.  Family farms would be given preference, but the
loans would be available to larger farms in difficulty.

As usual this year, the meeting room was largerly filled with the visor-capped
farmers who marched on Washington in January and stayed to seek higher prices.
They wanted a $1 million loan limit.

The committee approved the bill with administration support to try to help the
pockets of farm distress caused by the farm price "roller-coaster" which has
seen farm income drop from $33 billion a year to $20 billion in the last five
years.

The loans could be used to repay or refinance farm mortgages or loans for
operating expenses made during that period.

The bill also would increase limits on loans that can be made under existing law
by the Farmers Home Administration to low-income farmers.  It would raise the
limit on home loans from $100,000 to $200,000 for direct loans and to $300,000
for guaranteed private loans.  The limit on operating expense loans would go up
from $50,000 to $100,000 for direct loans and $200,000 for guaranteed loans.

Rep. Harold L. Wolkmer (D-M.) protested that this could permit a farmera total
of $900,000 in loans from the two programs.  But committee staff members said
the same farmer probably could not qualify for a loan to low-income farmers from
the one program and to established farmers under the other.

At the request of Rep. W. R. Poage (D-Tex.), who said it would be a "gratuitous
insult" connoting criticism, the committee voted 18 to 6 to rescind a previous
action changing the name of the Farmers Home Administration of the Farm and
Rural Development Administration.  One reason for the change requested by the
Carter administration was thet the Farmers Home Administration sometimes gets
confused with the Federal Housing Administration, since both have the initials
FHA.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            March 11, 2006 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

TIDE TURNS;
for industry;
Bay State shellfishermen recover from last year's algae outbreak

BYLINE: Julie Jette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 907 words


By JULIE JETTE The Patriot Ledger

The stateâ[#x20ac][TM]s shellfish industry has steadily rebounded from a red
tide algae outbreak that shut down most of the shellfish beds in Massachusetts
last spring and summer.

The industry is recovering despite limited government assistance. The Federal
Emergency Management Agency declined to declare the red tide a disaster, cutting
off one avenue of financial aid for those in the shellfish business. However,
the Small Business Administration made low-cost loans available to fishermen who
harvest shellfish in the wild, and the Department of Agriculture offered a loan
program to farmers who raise shellfish in coastal beds.

The problem hasnâ[#x20ac][TM]t disappeared completely. State regulators opened
most of the productive shellfish beds back up by the end of last summer. But
some areas off the North Shore, Cape Cod and Marthaâ[#x20ac][TM]s Vineyard
remain closed.

Despite the severity of the outbreak, shellfishermen and aquaculturists say the
algae bloom doesnâ[#x20ac][TM]t seem to have put anyone out of business.

â[#x20ac]oePeople are still hanging in there,â[#x20ac] said Bob Wallace, owner
of the Billings Gate shellfish farm in Wellfleet and a partner in Wellfleet
Shellfish, a wholesaler.

He estimates the partners in Wellfleet Shellfish probably lost $25,000 to
$30,000 during the course of the red tide, which can make shellfish toxic for
human consumption. His own farm, however, is now doing fine.

â[#x20ac]oeAs a grower, Iâ[#x20ac][TM]ve sold everything Iâ[#x20ac][TM]ve had
coming online,â[#x20ac] Wallace said. â[#x20ac]oeIt was just a matter of
interruption.â[#x20ac]

The recovery hasnâ[#x20ac][TM]t been easy for everyone, however. A loan program
run by Barnstable-based Cape & Islands Community Development Corp. specifically
for shellfish farmers has awarded $175,000 in seven loans out of a $250,000 loan
pool.

â[#x20ac]oeWeâ[#x20ac][TM]re quite confident that weâ[#x20ac][TM]re going to
move all that money,â[#x20ac] said Jeannine Marshall, executive director of the
development corporation. The loans, which are still available, are for five-year
terms and carry a 4 percent interest rate.

Marshall said most applicants were looking for loans to cover the purchase of
â[#x20ac]oeseed,â[#x20ac] or tiny clams and oysters that grow to many times
their size before being ready to put on a plate.

Many growers seed their beds in June, using money they made in April and May
from selling mature shellfish. That usual cash flow was interrupted last year by
the red tide.

Wentzle Ruml, owner of Wellfleet Sea Farms, was one of those who took out a loan
through the Cape & Islands Community Development Corp. â[#x20ac]oeIt saved
me,â[#x20ac] he said. â[#x20ac]oeI wouldnâ[#x20ac][TM]t have been able to get
the clam seed that I needed.â[#x20ac]

While he said demand for his clams eventually returned, â[#x20ac]oeit was a very
hard year (and) it took a while to catch up.â[#x20ac]

Although Marshallâ[#x20ac][TM]s agency has been lending actively, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has had no takers for its red tide disaster loans.
Dawn Wilhelmsen, a loan officer with the agencyâ[#x20ac][TM]s office in Wareham,
said her office has mailed out about a dozen application forms for the loans,
but havenâ[#x20ac][TM]t received any completed applications back.

Wilhelmsen said the lack of demand for loans may be due to the fact that many
growers were able to get grants for damage that happened during the winter of
2004 to 2005. The grant disbursements started in May just as the red tide was
spreading, she said.

Many farmers prefer to avoid debt, and some of those who were well-established
were able to ride out the algae bloom by relying on savings.

Skip Bennett, who owns an oyster farm in Duxbury, said he never really
considered taking a loan.

â[#x20ac]oeIt dragged on for quite a while,â[#x20ac] he said of the red tide.
â[#x20ac]oeBut weâ[#x20ac][TM]ve been (raising oysters) long enough that we were
prepared for the bump in a road.â[#x20ac]

Bennett said he was able to get ahead in terms of seeding and cultivating his
oysters because harvesting wasnâ[#x20ac][TM]t an option.

â[#x20ac]oeWe survived well, and then we made up for the difference in
sales,â[#x20ac] he said.

George Shamma, another Duxbury grower, said it took some time for demand for
shellfish to recover last year. However, by the Thanksgiving and Christmas
holidays, dinersâ[#x20ac][TM] appetites seemed to have returned to normal.
â[#x20ac]oeIâ[#x20ac][TM]m getting calls daily â[#x20ac]" there is (still) a
strong demand for oysters,â[#x20ac] he said.

Layered over the optimism, however, is a lingering concern that Cape Cod Bay has
not seen the last of red tide.

The bloom last year was the areaâ[#x20ac][TM]s worst in 30 years, but it was
somewhat of an imported phenomenon: It is believed that two
norâ[#x20ac][TM]easters blew the algae down from the coast of Maine.

After red tide blooms end, the microscopic organisms involved retreat into hard,
spore-like cysts. They sink to the sea floor, and it is difficult to predict if,
and when, they will become active again.

Bill Walton, an agent with the Cape Cod Cooperative Extension in Barnstable,
said â[#x20ac]oeeveryone is sort of waiting and watching and worried, and
thereâ[#x20ac][TM]s a reason for that.â[#x20ac]

With no red tide outbreak of this scope since 1972, fisheries experts still
continued to test for red tide, but spent little time worrying about it. Now,
Walton said, the organisms that cause the phenomenon are undoubtedly present in
Cape Cod Bay.

â[#x20ac]oeIf the conditions are right and there are enough cysts, you could get
a bloom again,â[#x20ac] he said.

Farmers say they hope red tide will remain a rare event. â[#x20ac]oeMy biggest
fear is that we get it again,â[#x20ac] said Ruml, of Wellfleet Sea Farms.
â[#x20ac]oeIf it was something that happened every year, it would be a real
problem.â[#x20ac]

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday
                                  Mars Edition

Indiana farmers get disaster relief

BYLINE: Lincoln Wright South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 762 words


Indiana farmers facing financial loss after summer rains flooded fields and
damaged crops now have chance to grow some profit back. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Wednesday made a disaster declaration for 53 of Indiana's 92
counties, granting special services to those farmers affected by heavy rain.

The secretary's decision comes about two weeks after both Indiana Gov. Mike
Pence and U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., sent separate letters asking the USDA
for help. Roughly a quarter of the state's soybean and corn crops has been
damaged, Ted McKinney, state agriculture director, said at a State Fair forum.
At a time when other states are projecting record yields, Mc-Kinney said Indiana
was hit with a "double-whammy." Not only will Indiana be producing less, but the
large harvests in other states will drive down prices, he explained, an expected
lost of revenue in the millions of dollars for Indiana farmers.

"Farms in counties all across the state have suffered because of the excessive
rainfall we've experienced during our spring and summer months this year," Pence
said Wednesday in a news release. "I'm thankful to the Indiana Farm Service
Agency and the United States Department of Agriculture for recognizing the need
for assistance for our Hoosier farmers, and I hope that those affected will
apply for the loans they need."

Those hurt by heavy rains and residing in an included county or a contiguous
county are eligible for low-interest emergency loans with the declaration. The
money can be used to restore or replace essential property, pay production costs
associated with the disaster, pay essential family expenses or refinance certain
debts, according to the USDA.

In total, farmers in 88 Indiana counties are eligible to apply for the loans.
There were 53 counties deemed "primary disaster areas," but an additional 35
counties surrounding affected areas will also benefit. Counties in Illinois,
Kentucky, Ohio and Michigan that are contiguous to affected Indiana areas are
also eligible.

Farmers have eight months to apply for loans. Those interested in applying can
visit the USDA's website and contact their local Farm Service Agency offices for
application details.

The National Weather Service reports rains set a statewide June record with a
state average of 8.99 inches. The previous record was 8.13 inches set in June
1958. The South Bend area, specifically, has seen about 9.4 inches of rain since
June 1, according to the NWS. St. Joseph, Marshall, LaPorte, Kosciusko and
Starke counties are all on the disaster list.

From what Jeff Burbrink, an educator with the Elkhart County Purdue Extension,
said he has seen locally, bean fields seem to have taken the biggest hit. But
driving by fields of both corn and beans, the damage from rain is obvious, he
said.

"It just looks like something is wrong with it," Burbrink said.

Also, because of the soil structure in Michiana, the farther south a farmer is,
the harder hit they probably were, he said. Northern farmland contains more
sand, with clay becoming more prevalent the farther south you go, Burbrink
explained.

Clay doesn't react well to water, so the greater amount of clay in the ground,
the more damage high water levels will do. There are farmers in northern sandy
areas, Burbrink said, who have done well with this year's rains. They typically
have to provide a lot of irrigation, but this year have had to run their systems
just once or twice. Michiana's southern areas have not fared as well. The
central and southern parts of the state were hardest hit.

And some of the damages from the rain went beyond crops. Burbrink said he was
told by many farmers that they were getting their equipment stuck in fields
because of the mud. Because much of farming is about timing, he said, having a
piece of machinery stuck for many days when it's needed elsewhere can be just as
detrimental as crops being damaged.

It's hoped farmers now can be more at ease, with the chance to rebound from the
summer torrent and prepare for the harvest.

"Thousands of Hoosier farmers are going to experience significant financial
losses this year as a result of the record-breaking rain," Donnelly said in a
statement, "and this disaster declaration will allow for resources to be made
available to these counties to help deal with crop losses."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

How to get help

Farmers have eight months to apply for the low-interest emergency loans. Those
interested in applying can visit http://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov and contact
their local FSA offices for application details.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

Diaster loans available for local producers

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 338  words


USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Acting Executive Director James B. Douglass
has announced that 207 counties in Texas were declared a disaster on January 9,
2013, due to drought and heat using the new, streamlined Secretarial Disaster
Designation process.

Under this designation, producers with operations in any of the 157 primary
disaster counties or 50 contiguous disaster counties are eligible to apply for
low interest emergency loans.

The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year. Under this declaration 157 counties in
Texas have reached that threshold since November 1, 2012.

Donley County was among the 157 counties that were designated as primary
disaster counties

"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," said Douglass.

Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. Producers have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for emergency loan
assistance. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.
Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
to a maximum amount of $500, 000. The current emergency loan interest rate is
2.15 percent.

Producers with operations in counties that did not receive a disaster
designation could be eligible for emergency loan assistance if they suffered at
least a 30 percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to livestock,
livestock products, real estate or chattel property.

For more information about emergency loans, please contact your local FSA office
or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Clarendon Enterprise


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas Delegation Requests Disaster Assistance for State's Farmers, Ranchers

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Steve Womack, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman, along with Congressmen Rick Crawford
(AR-1), Tim Griffin (AR-2), Steve Womack (AR-3), and Tom Cotton (AR-4), today
wrote to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack in support
of Governor Mike Beebe's request for federal disaster assistance for Arkansas
farmers and ranchers suffering from losses caused by severe weather in the
state.  Last week, east Arkansas was hit with flash flooding, which devastated
thousands of acres of crops and pastures.

The full text of the delegation's letter is below:

We write in support of the State of Arkansas's request for federal disaster
assistance for farmers and ranchers in Arkansas who are facing significant
losses due to severe weather in east Arkansas.  The affected areas are within
Cross, Lee, Prairie, Woodruff, Independence, Lonoke, St. Francis, Jackson,
Monroe and White counties in Arkansas.  Arkansas Governor Mike Beebe has
requested a Secretarial Disaster Designation after a review of agricultural
damages conducted by the State Department of Agriculture and the Farm Service
Agency.

Arkansas has suffered agricultural devastation including damage and losses to
crops and pastures due to the effects of flooding throughout the entire state
that began June 29, 2014.  This will require access to additional agriculture
disaster programs in both the primary and contiguous counties as necessary.

A U.S. Department of Agriculture disaster declaration will provide farmers the
necessary option of applying for emergency loans through the Farm Service
Agency.  This will allow producers to continue operations despite the
devastation from the flash flooding, excessive rain and dangerous wind
conditions.  For many agriculture producers in Arkansas, this will provide the
essential lifeline to meet financial obligations. Emergency loans are vital to
farmers and ranchers who may have no other source of revenue over the next year.

We respectfully request your swift consideration and approval of this request.
If you have any questions or need additional information, please do not hesitate
to contact us.

For further information please visit:  http://womack.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Nowata Star (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 16, 2013

All 77 counties declared natural disaster

BYLINE: Nowata Star staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has designated all 77 counties in Oklahoma as
primary natural disaster areas due to drought and heat, making all qualified
farm operations in the areas eligible for low-interest emergency loans.

This is the first disaster declaration made by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in 2013.

All 77 counties were similarly designated in 2012. This new designation will
cover growing 2013 crops.

"The drought situation here in our state is proving to be challenging for all
sectors of agriculture," said Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Jim Reese.

"While we are starting 2013 with drought conditions, we are hoping for more
favorable weather this year."

The Oklahoma counties that have been included in this designation have shown a
drought intensity value of at least D2 for eight consecutive weeks based on the
U.S. Drought Monitor.

The Drought Monitor scale ranges from Dl to D4 with Dl being moderate drought
and D4 being exceptional drought.

Oklahoma has had a majority of counties designated as D4 during both 2011 and
2012.

The emergency loans that are available through the USD A have a 2.15 percent
interest rate and allow producers to access funding resources that will
hopefully assist with production and physical losses.

Producers can visit their local county Farm Service Agency (FSA) office to learn
more about the programs and eligibility.

Thirteen other states in the U.S. had counties designated as disaster areas
including

Texas, Kansas, Missouri, New Mexico and Arkansas.

"This designation will assist our producers in making critical operating
decisions as we head into the new year," said Secretary Reese.

"I understand the challenges that Mother Nature can bring to the agriculture
industry and I hope for more rain in 2013.

"I continue to express my thankfulness to those in the ag sector for their
fortitude and ingenuity to fight through tough weather conditions to continue to
provide the safest, most affordable food supply in the world."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Nowata Star


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 12, 2012

USDA takes action to help those impacted by drought

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 282  words


John R. Whitaker, State Executive Director for USDA's Farm Service Agency,
announced that more action has been recently taken to continue to assist farmers
that have been impacted by the drought. Changes include extending the emergency
grazing of Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acreage deadline to Nov. 30, two
additional counties being approved to implement an Emergency Conservation
Program (ECP) sign up, haying and grazing of cover crops and others.

Whitaker announced an extension to the emergency grazing. deadline of CRP
acreage, which will be allowed on limited practices. The deadline is nowNovember
30, 2012. Procucers interested in emergency grazing must remove livestock no
later than November 30. Emergency haying on CRP acres was NOT extended past
August 31.

Under ECP, farmers experiencing severe drought conditions may be eligible for
cost-share assistance, if the damage is so severe that water available for
livestock, orchards and vineyards has been reduced below normal to the extent
that they cannot survive without additional water.

Due to natural disasters throughout Iowa, producers who have suffered major
production and/or physical losses may be eligible for low interest emergency
loans. Modifications will be made to the emergency loan program, allowing loans
for losses to feed and pasture to be made earlier in the season. Producers will
no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to obtain a loan.
This change will support producers who currently need assistance to help offset
high production costs. In addition to Emergency Loans, FSA has a variety of
other loan programs available to assist producers in returning to normal farming
operations.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Northwood Anchor


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 1, 2004 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 541 words


Iowa Holstein shows slated for this week

The 2004 Iowa Holstein shows will be held this week at the Dubuque County
Fairgrounds.

The Junior Show begins at 9 a.m. Thursday, with the Open Show at 9 a.m. Friday.
Gates open at 8 a.m. Wednesday.

A barbecue will be held Thursday night.

Farmers in Wisconsin possibly eligible for aid

MADISON, Wis. - There were 56 Wisconsin counties declared federal disaster areas
as a result of severe storms and flooding from May 19 to July 3.

Eligible producers may qualify for Farm Service Agency emergency loans to cover
both production and physical losses. Emergency loans not to exceed $$ @500,000,
at an interest rate of 3.75 percent, may be made to eligible applicants with
qualifying physical or production losses.

Farmers in designated counties who believe they have sustained qualifying
damages should contact their local Farm Service Agency office to begin the
application process and for applicable deadline dates.

Farm Bureau offers protection incentive

The Iowa Farm Bureau Federation offers a $$ @150 roll-over Protection incentive
for Farm Bureau members' tractors.

For details and a packet with eligibility restrictions and an application for
the $$ @150 incentive, call the Dubuque County Farm Bureau at 563/556-5275 or
stop by the Farm Bureau office in Dubuque.

Iowa directory to list hay, straw producers

DES MOINES - Hay and straw producers can be listed in the Iowa Hay and Straw
Directory.

The annual directory lists Iowa producers with hay and straw for sale as well as
organizations and businesses associated with promoting and marketing quality
hay.

This year, the directory will be available online only at
www.agriculture.state.ia.us.

Hay and straw producers should e-mail their updates and new additions to:
sharon.king@idals.state.ia.us.

Composting research available on Web

AMES, Iowa - Research at Iowa State University shows composting might be a
viable way to dispose of large-animal carcasses.

A new Web site provides information on the research, preliminary results and
guidelines for producers interested in composting animal carcasses.

The Web site is: www.abe.iastate.edu/cattlecomposting.

Wind Energy Conference scheduled in Decorah

DECORAH, Iowa - The Northeast Iowa Wind Energy Conference will be held Aug. 18
at the Hotel Winneshiek in Decorah.

Coordinator Dan Meyer, Iowa State University Extension Agriculture Engineer
field specialist, says this conference will be the most helpful to farmers,
industry owners and residential owners who have continuous electric needs.

The farm types would especially include furrowing operations that use heat lamps
and buildings with continuous running fans and mid-size dairies with continuous
running parlor equipment.

The conference speakers will include a residential house owner with a wind
turbine, a swine furrow to finish producer with a wind turbine, Bill Haman, from
the Iowa Energy Center, Glenn Cannon, from Waverly Light & Power, and Norm Brus,
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Grants and low-interest loans for wind
generators will be discussed by two speakers.

Contact Dan Meyer, Fayette County Extension office at 563/425-3331.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas Delegation Requests Disaster Assistance for State's Farmers, Ranchers

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Tim Griffin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman, along with Congressmen Rick Crawford
(AR-1), Tim Griffin (AR-2), Steve Womack (AR-3), and Tom Cotton (AR-4) today
wrote to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in support of Governor Mike Beebe's request
for federal disaster assistance for Arkansas farmers and ranchers suffering from
losses caused by severe weather in the state. Last week, east Arkansas was hit
with flash flooding, which devastated thousands of acres of crops and pastures.

The full text of the delegation's letter is below:

We write in support of the State of Arkansas's request for federal disaster
assistance for farmers and ranchers in Arkansas who are facing significant
losses due to severe weather in east Arkansas.  The affected areas are within
Cross, Lee, Prairie, Woodruff, Independence, Lonoke, St. Francis, Jackson,
Monroe and White counties in Arkansas.  Arkansas Governor Mike Beebe has
requested a Secretarial Disaster Designation after a review of agricultural
damages conducted by the State Department of Agriculture and the Farm Service
Agency.

Arkansas has suffered agricultural devastation including damage and losses to
crops and pastures due to the effects of flooding throughout the entire state
that began June 29, 2014.  This will require access to additional agriculture
disaster programs in both the primary and contiguous counties as necessary.

A U.S. Department of Agriculture disaster declaration will provide farmers the
necessary option of applying for emergency loans through the Farm Service
Agency.  This will allow producers to continue operations despite the
devastation from the flash flooding, excessive rain and dangerous wind
conditions.  For many agriculture producers in Arkansas, this will provide the
essential lifeline to meet financial obligations. Emergency loans are vital to
farmers and ranchers who may have no other source of revenue over the next year.

For further information please visit: http://griffin.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 23, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

METRO;
In Brief

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 974 words


MARYLAND

A man and his nephew were killed crossing a busy street in Forestville last
night, police said.

The man, who appeared to be in his late thirties, and the boy, who was 8, were
crossing a busy part of Pennsylvania Avenue from an apartment complex to a
shopping center near Donnell Drive about 7:30 p.m., said Cpl. Tammy Sparkman, a
Prince George's County police spokeswoman.

The man was pronounced dead on the scene, and the boy died soon after he was
brought to a hospital, said Capt. Mark Brady, a Prince George's Fire and Rescue
spokesman. Their identities and addresses were being withheld until police could
notify their relatives.

The driver who hit the two remained on the scene while an accident
reconstruction team gathered evidence. It was unclear who was at fault and
whether the pedestrians were in a crosswalk when they were hit, Sparkman said.

Former vice president Al Gore plans to make a Halloween appearance in the
Washington suburbs on behalf of Maryland Democratic gubernatorial candidate
Kathleen Kennedy Townsend.

A Townsend spokesman said that details of Gore's visit have yet to be worked out
but that he is expected to tout her support of environmental issues.

The campaign also is pressing for a return visit by former president Bill
Clinton, according to Democratic sources. Clinton, who appeared at a Townsend
rally Friday in Baltimore, probably would campaign in Prince George's County,
sources said.

Four years ago, a visit by Clinton in the final days of the gubernatorial
campaign was credited with boosting black voter turnout dramatically.

Townsend is locked in a tight race with U.S. Rep. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. The
Republican candidate is bringing in former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani in
the final days of the campaign.

Voters have one more week to request an absentee ballot application for the Nov.
5 general election.

An application can be downloaded via the Internet, at
www.elections.state.md.us/registered_voters/absentee_ballot.html, or obtained
from any county board of elections office. Once completed, it must be returned
to the voter's county elections board.

Maryland registered voters can cast absentee ballots for a variety of reasons,
including absence from their county on Election Day, a disability or illness
that might keep them from the polls, or a family death or emergency.

The deadline for applying to vote absentee is Tuesday.

THE DISTRICT

Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) yesterday requested $ 1 million from the
Bush administration to sustain an Immigration and Naturalization Service
investigation targeted at vendors in Adams Morgan who sell fraudulent identity
documents.

Norton wrote to Office of Management and Budget Director Mitchell E. Daniels Jr.
seeking funds for five agents at the INS Washington office for Operation Card
Shark, which since spring has identified four organizations involved in the
production, sale and distribution of counterfeit documents.

The operation has made 34 arrests, secured seven criminal prosecutions and
convictions and closed two document mills. INS officials called it a worthy
endeavor but declined funding because of insufficient funds for investigations
nationwide, Norton said.

The latest in a series of tests preceding the full fumigation of the
anthrax-contaminated Brentwood postal plant in Northeast Washington is scheduled
for tomorrow, the U.S. Postal Service said.

The three-hour test involves one phase of the scrubber system, which will remove
chlorine dioxide gas from the building during fumigation.

Nearly 140 pounds of the gas will be generated in the test, then removed from
the air stream and filtered through carbon beds, postal officials said.

The test will establish the ability of the system to leave no detectable
chlorine dioxide. Aspects of the scrubber system were tested Sept. 17 and Oct.
4.

No date for the full fumigation has been set, but it probably will occur within
weeks, postal officials said.

VIRGINIA

More than 90 Virginia localities are eligible for federal disaster aid because
of the continuing drought, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced
yesterday.

Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman designated 11 states as agricultural
disaster areas, allowing farmers who have suffered significant crop losses to
apply for federal financial assistance.

Low-interest Emergency Farm Loans are available through the federal Farm Service
Agency.

Livestock farmers in 39 localities across Virginia also can qualify for loans
under the Livestock Compensation Program, intended to help make up costs from
lost pasture and other sources of food.

The announcement came five days after Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) sent a letter to
Veneman, expressing frustration in delays over the disbursement of the federal
aid.

Warner noted that some localities had applied for the loans in early August and
were desperate for help.

Localities qualifying for both types of loans include Prince William, Stafford
and Spotsylvania counties. Fairfax, Fauquier and Loudoun counties qualify for
the Emergency Farm Loans.

The annual Marine Corps sniper meet at the Quantico Marine Corps Base has been
canceled because of the region's real sniper attacks.

"It was canceled due to the sensitivities to the current shootings in the area,"
Capt. Jerome Bryant, a Quantico spokesman, said yesterday.

The meet featuring shooters from Marine sniper schools at Quantico, Camp
Lejeune, N.C., and Camp Pendleton, Calif., was to have been this week.

"It's scarier than ever. I have to ask my husband if I can go to the 7-Eleven."

-- Montgomery County resident Chante Turner after the apparent sniper killing of
a bus driver yesterday.  -- Page A15

Compiled from reports by staff writers Petula Dvorak, Manny Fernandez, Spencer
S. Hsu, Lori Montgomery and Sue Anne Pressley and the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          December 18, 1999, Saturday

Delivering the cash

BYLINE: GREG RETSINAS, Raleigh Bureau Chief

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 6B

LENGTH: 459 words


Here is how the action taken by the General Assembly this week should translate
into money:

Each state agency involved in the package will come up with emergency rules, or
the criteria for determining who gets the $ 836 million. Then, letters will be
sent out to homeowners and farmers who have already registered with the Federal
Emergency Management Agency. The letters will explain how much the recipient is
eligible to receive, whether it will be a grant or a loan, and what they have to
do to complete the process.

Farmers will also be compensated for losses to their farm equipment and
buildings, also through grants. Loans will comprise the bulk of the aid though.
About 3,500 businesses have already been approved for Small Business
Administration loans, while another 2,000 affected businesses will not be able
to qualify for a loan.

State funds will be used to pay the interest on the SBA loans and to provide
interest-free loans, with all payments deferred for three years, for those who
could not receive a federal loan.

Lawmakers said they expect many people to need at least that long to recover.
Building new housing units alone will take at least one to two years, and at
least two wastewater treatment plants - those in Kinston and Tarboro - need to
be rebuilt away from the 100-year floodplain, a zone designating a 1 percent
chance of a devastating flood in any given year.

More than one quarter of the $ 836 million in state aid will be used to match
federal programs that are already in motion. An even larger portion will go into
housing assistance. Those grants either will go to homeowners selling their
homes to the government to move into comparable housing, or to people to help
them repair their homes.

About $ 2.5 million will go to local governments so they can hire more building
inspectors.

State disaster officials said this is particularly important to monitor all of
the new construction, and local governments lack the resources to even begin the
task. In Pender County, for example, more than 2,700 homes were damaged by the
storm and must be rebuilt or replaced.

Pender County has one part-time building inspector on its staff.

Renters who have been forced to move out of their homes because of the storm
will get $ 3,000 grants, although state officials said they are still figuring
out how and when to disburse the money. Only those still living in damaged
homes, or in temporary living space, will be eligible.

For some waiting for new rental units to be built, the year 2000 promises to be
a long one. Funding is available for about 2,000 new units, but state housing
officials acknowledge that they are hoping private developers step into the void
and build affordable housing.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 3, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

FARM CREDIT SYSTEM SEES $600 MILLION LOSS

BYLINE: By NATHANIEL C. NASH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 2


The Farm Credit System predicted today that it would have losses of at least
$600 million in the second quarter of the year.

According to preliminary estimates by the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding
Corporation - the private financing arm for the system - the system's
second-quarter loss would be three times the $206 million loss posted in the
first quarter.

''We just closed our books two days ago,'' said Alan Fass, the senior vice
president for finance at the financing corporation. ''Since we are in the market
raising money every day, we thought it was important to disclose this
informaiton as soon as possible.''

Farm Credit officials also announced that four of the system's 12 Federal land
banks - in Wichita, Kan.; Omaha; Louisville, Ky., and Jackson, Miss. - would
need emergency cash infusions from healthier banks in the system at the end of
the second quarter in order to avoid failure. The Omaha and Wichita banks also
required capital at the end of the first quarter.

The officials did not say, however, how much funding these nearly insolvent
institutions would need.

Assistance for the Weak

Under the Farm Credit Act of 1985, which established an emergency assistance
program in the event that the capital of member banks is depleted by losses,
healthier member banks are required to assist weaker banks financially.

By the end of the first quarter, the system's capital level stood at $3.2
billion. However, agricultural economists have predicted that losses this year
could rise beyond $3.5 billion. Such a deficit would wipe out the capial
reserves of the system and trigger the Federal bailout program from the
Treasury.

Last year, the Farm Credit System reported a $2.69 billion loss, the largest in
its 70-year history.

Mr. Fass said that it was too early to say how large the losses would be this
year. During the first half of this year, he noted, commodities prices continued
to fall and in May the United States had its first agricultural trade deficit
since 1971.

''All that reflects what is happening in the farm economy,'' Mr. Fass said.

However, according to Frank W. Naylor Jr., the chairman of the Farm Credit
Administration, the independent Government agency that regulates the system,
losses should not as high as last year, but rather between $1 billion and $1.5
billion. Mr. Naylor said a $600 million deficit in the second quarter would
reflect more accurate write-downs of bad loans and assets by member banks,
rather than a worsening of the agricultural economy.

''This reflects a considerable improvement in financial reporting of loan
losses,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 24, 2001 Saturday Michigan Edition

Plan to equalize crop loan levels needed now

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FARM & FOOD

LENGTH: 740 words


Among the many slipping gears in Freedom to Farm, one of the sloppiest is the
law's unbalanced loan rates for program crops. In particular, the $5.26 per
bushel national loan rate for soybeans has made soybeans the preferred crop for
farmers from Maryland to Montana.

It wasn't supposed to be that way. Under F2F, farmers were to take their
planting signals from the market, not the government loan program. But when most
commodity prices headed south in 1997 -- where they remain yet today -- the
favorable guaranteed soybean loan siphoned wheat, barley and other crop acres to
soybeans.

While it can be honestly stated that few in 1996 saw this bean boom coming, it
is equally true that by 1998 most everyone noted the flaw and many advocated
correction. Farmers took to foot-dragging and Congress busied itself by passing
three consecutive "emergency" bailouts -- how can it be an emergency three years
in a row? -- rather than tackle the loan rate problem.

Not acting carried consequences. U.S. planted wheat acres dropped 11 percent
from 1994/95 to 2000, and 2001 wheat acres are projected to be the lowest since
1971. Barley acres fell 24 percent. But soybean plantings soared 19 percent,
from 61.7 million acres in 1994 to 74.5 million last year. Most market watchers
estimate bean acres will climb another 2.5 percent this year.

On Jan. 24, Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., offered a plan to stop this soybean
silliness. Dorgan's Family Agriculture Recovery & Market Equity Act attempts to
realign crop loan rates so farmers can jump off the soybean treadmill and back
onto a more economic, more agronomic path.

The heart of the plan is contained in the math of the Olympic Average, or OA, a
formula used to calculate USDA loan rates. A commodity's OA is derived by taking
five consecutive years' of annual average prices, throwing out the high and low
years, then averaging the remaining three.

Under his proposed plan, Dorgan uses average yearly prices from 1994 to 1998. As
such, the OA for soybeans is $6.22 per bu., nearly a dollar higher than F2F's
current soybean loan of $5.26 per bu. In fact, F2F's current soybean loan rate
is 84.57 percent of soybean's 1994-98 OA.

The 84.57 percent is key; it is the equalizing factor Dorgan applies to the
Olympic Average for all principle U.S. crops to bring into balance other loan
rates with the too-attractive soybean loan.

For example, the 1994-98 OA for corn is $2.47 per bu. Multiplied by 84.57
percent, the equity factor, Dorgan would peg the 2001 corn loan level at $2.09
per bu., not the current $1.89.

Similarly, when the equity factor is applied to the 1994-98 OA for wheat, its
loan level rises from today's $2.58 per bu. to $3.14. The same formula raises
the barley loan from $1.61 to $2.01 per bu., cotton climbs from 51.92 cents per
pound to 58.26 cents, and oats gets bumped from $1.16 per bu. to $1.27. All
total, Dorgan's plan re-jiggers loan rates on 19 crops while leaving the bean
loan at $5.26.

There is another, simpler way to address the imbalance. Rather than raise other
crops' loans rates to equal soybean's level, the bean loan could be busted down
to, say, $4.80. With ag prices already in the tank, however, no farm group or
politician will touch that poison pill.

Also, Dorgan's loan equity idea isn't the only legislation to alter F2F's wacky
loan rates. Sen. Tom Daschle, D-S.D., has proposed loan rates be set at 80
percent of the cost of production. Daschle's plan has many co-sponsors, but it
will find tough sledding with hardcore F2F lovers.

Dorgan's plan, while not a home run, is a good and necessary starting point to
clean up the loan mess F2F has wrought, especially, if as forecast, low prices
persist. Its weaknesses are apparent: its base years, 1994 to 1998, are open to
criticism; the plan could cost an additional $4 billion per year over F2F's
budget; it's questionable if the Dorgan plan is WTO legal and it brings
alterations to F2F one year before all farm policy faces a rewrite.

Despite these debating points, Dorgan's idea -- really, any loan rate equity
idea -- deserves a swift, open and fair hearing in the Senate Ag Committee now
before we pour more tar into the soybean loan pit and more money into another
farm program bailout.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist from Delavan, Ill. Reach him by e-mail at
AGuebert@worldnet.att.net.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 24, 1977, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Reality of Federal Aid;
Federal Relief Aid: It Comes, but Slowly;
Drought-Relief Funds Yet to Arrive in Virginia

BYLINE: By Wilson Morris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 1303 words


Drought.  Disaster.  Emergency Relief.  The pronouncements conjured images of
the once-plush Virginia countryside turning to dust, of cattle dying in the
fields, of governments mobilizing to rush aid to embattled farmers.

But the reality in Virginia, as in many other parts of the nation has been quite
different.

Since Gov. Mills E. Godwin declared a state of emergency from July 7 to Aug. 15,
officials said, the amount of emergency drought-relief money that has flowed to
Virginia's farmers has been exactly zero.

John M. Richman, a Shenandoah County cattleman, expressed the views of many
farmers in hard-hit parts of the state: "There isn't anything good about the
relief program that I've found yet.  I don't know of anyone who has got
anything.  You can only be eligible for feed if you don't have anything
whatsoevr.  You got to be broke to get the loans."

The facts appear to show an extreme case of bureaucratic bungling and official
fiasco.

But again the reality is quite different.

Federal aid will reach drought-striken Virginia farmers.  They will get cash to
make up for some of their lost crops.  They will get low interest loans to tide
them over until another year.  They likely will get subsidies to help buy the
feed they were unable to grow this summer.

But it will all happen slowly.

It is a classic example of the confusion and misunderstanding that surround the
complex, jerry-built jumble of federal relief programs that has grown up over
the years.

"I've called the system a farce and (Agriculture Secretary Bob) Bergland has
called it a disaster, and it is somewhere in between," said U.S. Agriculture
Deputy Secretary John C. White.  "I don't know of anybody who doesn't think we
need a better program."

In Virginia, the problems started with the blast of publicity that accompanied
the governor's declaration and the federal eligibility announcements that
followed.  Usually there was a paragraph saying: "Farmers will now be able to
get . . ." But it was not that simple.

"I believe we raised the expectations of the programs before those responsible
on the local level were fully geared up to handle it," said Raymond Vaughn,
Virginia's deputy commissioner of agriculture.

The key agency in many of the programs is the federal Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service, which has a state headquart in Richmond and 91 offices
across the state.

"One of the programs that was announced was the drought and flood conservation
program," said Wilson T. Leggett, state ASCS administrative officer.
Unfortunately, money for that program was not released to the states until
Friday, so when farmers read about it and came in to sign up earlier, they found
there was no program, he said.  Now, with $600,000 for 65 counties designated as
drought impact areas, the ASCS can begin making the grants for up to 80 per cent
of the cost of repairing the drought damage.

Then there is the disaster payment program, under which farmers who have lost
part of their crop allotments dating from 1961.  A farmer might lose half the
corn on the 500 acres he planted, but he could be reimbursed only the acreage in
his allotment, which might well be only 100 acres.  At most, he could get
payments for half of the 100 acres, when his actual loss was half of 500 acres.

This is further complicated by the fact that Congress has not completed action
on this year's farm bill, so the program is not operating yet.  As the bill now
stands in a conference committee, the rules will be changed to provide payments
based on actual planting.  So farmers may be able to qualify for considerable
aid on this year's losses, but not until after COngress completes actions on the
bill this fall.

A hay transportation assistance program was announced but never put into effect,
apparently because of fraud in the program in the Midwest last year and a
decision that it would not be necessary here.

This left one major program working - the emergency feed programs.  So far there
have been about 1,400 applications, but no cash payments through Aug. 15, an
ASCS official siad.  The program reimburses farmers for part of the cost of feed
they have to buy for livestock and is designed to keep a cattleman's foundation
herd going.

But this is an emergency program, and while Virginia may have a drought, it does
not have an emergency.  There is plenty of feed in the state now.  THe shortages
will come this winter, and at this point the program is only to run until
December.

At the Farmers Home Administration, the situation is similiar.  Phelps Walker, a
farmer programs specialist, said farmers who have lost at least 20 per cent of a
major crop can qualify for 3 per cent, seven-year loans up to the amount of the
loss.  To get the loan, the farmer must have the currence of this present banker
to get the loan, and Walker said that his conversations with bankers indicate
that they will be willing to agree.

But so far, the FHA still is accepting and processing loan applications.
Approval of the first loan is still a week or so away.

The Small Business Association announced Wednesday that farmers could apply to
it for 3 per cent loans, but htose can be granted only after a farmer has
attempted to get loans from local banks and from the FHA.

THe multitude of programs and agencies and changes in farm policy have totally
frustated cattelmen, said Richman, who is chairman of the Board of Supervisorss
and president of the county farm bureau in Shenandoah.  "My opinion is that we
have an administration that don't know what they are trying to do," he said.
"There isn't anybody in our county that has any confidence in the (Carter)
administration."

Richman recalled drought years in the 1960s when the government brought in
trains loaded with grain to hard-hit farmers.

That was in the days when the federal government owned and stored billions of
bushels of grain and was happy to sell it to anybody.  Now the government is out
of the grain-storage business and is trying to run its relief program through a
combination of its agencies and the free market.

A farmer with a different view than that of Clarence L. Tardy of Rockbridge.
Tardy, the administrator of a 17-state region for the ASCS from July, 1976,
until he was replaced in February by the Carter administration, said, "I'm in a
little better position than most farmers to see how this works, having been on
both sides of it.

"These [ASCS] workers are consciientious people, but there are a lot of farmers
who don't know how the system works and don't understand the regulations," he
said.

George Jones, Godwin's state coordinator of emergency services, said, "I think
with the laws and authority on the books, we have gotten out the word and
administered the programs as well as possible.

"But we feel the laws and programs are not as responsive as they ought to be."

U.S. officials agree, with deputy secretary White saying, "Our program is not
realistic.  We think it ought to be reevaluated."

White is backing legislation that would replace many of the current programs
with a federally backed, nationwide crop isurance program under which a farmer
would pay a premium and be insured against the loss of a major portion of his
crop.

The system allows local officials, governors, congressmen and administrations to
grant disaster designation with great fanfare and political benefit.

"I don't mean to belittle the need for help in Virginia." White said, "but look
at it from a national viewpoint.

"We are going to have one of the three largest grain harvests in our history
this year, yet out of 3,000 farming counties, 2,284 have been designated
disasters this year."

"What that says is that we're designating a lot of areas that are not
disasters." he said.  "Our programs is not realistic."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Farmer John M. Richman displays effect of Virginia drought -
ears of corn that should have measured 10 inches.  By Larry Morris - The
Washington Post; Illustration, no caption, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 30, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AREA FARMERS AMONG THOSE ELIGIBLE FOR EMERGENCY LOANS

BYLINE: By LISA SHUCHMAN, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 235 words


Farmers in Palm Beach, Martin, St. Lucie and Okeechobee counties are among

those who may qualify for emergency loans from the Farmers Home Administration
as a result of the March storm that swept across Florida, FmHA acting state

director Louis E. Frost said Monday.

Emergency loan applications will be accepted through Nov. 15.

Individual examination will be made will be made of each application to

determine the type of emergency loan benefits for which the applicant is

eligible, Frost said.

The emergency loan program is limited to family-size farm operators.

For further information, farmers and ranchers in Palm Beach and Martin

counties should contact the FmHA office at 5601 Corporate Way, Suite 401, West
Palm Beach. Farmers and ranchers in Okeechobee and St. Lucie counties should

contact the FmHA office at Plaza 300, 314 NW Fifth St., Okeechobee.

Agriculture officials also are seeking nominations among farmers to fill the
FmHA county committee, which helps determine loan eligibility.

In a separate announcement, FmHA said it is seeking nominations among Palm
Beach, Broward and Martin County farmers to fill one vacancy on the FmHA

county committee, which assists the county office in determining the

eligibility of applicants for certain types of FmHA loans. Nominations will be
accepted through May 19.

For nominating petitions and further information, contact the West Palm

Beach FmHA office at (407) 686-3255.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers, Bankers Hope to Make U.S. Aid More Dependable

                            July 18, 2001, Wednesday

BY Ben Jackson



Predictability is what bankers and farmers want out of the next farm bill in
Congress.

Farmers and their bankers have spent the years since the last major farm
legislation - the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act - awaiting emergency payments from
the government, which have been the sole source of income for many farmers.
Nonetheless, the bailouts have been approved on a year-by-year basis, and
farmers and bankers don't like the uncertainty.

"We'd like that not to be so ad hoc and uncertain to farmers," said Peter J.
Barry, director of the Center for Farm and Rural Business Finance at the
University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign. Mr. Barry said the 1996 law was
supposed to introduce certainty into government payments by shifting risks to
farmers, but the government "couldn't discipline itself," he said, once the
risks became realities in the form of low commodity prices and greater global
competition.

The 1996 law expires next year, and new farm legislation is needed or the
government would revert to the funding prescribed in a bill written in 1933.

The centerpiece of the 1996 bill was that it decoupled payments from crops.
Farmers no longer had to grow certain crops in order to get a specific payment.
Under the Agricultural Market Transition Act, payments were supposed to decline
gradually at predetermined amounts to let farmers become more competitive in the
free market. The payments were not linked to the kind of commodity grown, except
for fruits and vegetables.

"The theory was to give farmers payments every year for seven years and we'll be
in a golden era and farmers won't need payments," said John M. Blanchfield,
director of the American Bankers Association Center for Agricultural and Rural
Banking.

Instead of moving into a golden era of free enterprise, however, farmers saw
commodity prices persistently fall, so they lobbied, successfully, for emergency
aid. This year, apple growers got their first government support ever, and honey
and cranberry producers also got in on the act.

What bankers say they need in the next farm bill is "sufficient income
protection," said Mark K. Scanlan, director of agricultural finance for the
Independent Community Bankers of America.

Mr. Scanlan added that his group would like to see more funding for the
Agriculture Department's guaranteed loan programs.

"Everyone agrees there will be a need for federal assistance in the near
future," Mr. Blanchfield said. But bankers want to get away from making loans on
the faith that the government will bail out farmers so they can repay their
loans, he said.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT: COMMUNITY BANKING - JULY 2001; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 453 words

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: appeared 7/17/01

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Growers in desperate fight to survive

BYLINE: ALEX SAMPSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 490 words


HELP NEEDED

GOULBURN Valley fruit growers, industry bodies and local council have made
desperate pleas to state and federal government for emergency help to keep their
businesses viable.

Growers have been struggling against cheap imports and cuts made by food
processor SPC Ardmona.

B & C Radevski general manager Peter Radevski said his uncle had tears in his
eyes when SPCA told him he'd been axed as a producer.

``I don't often see him upset, but for a long-standing relationship to be broken
in a five-minute conversation is heartbreaking,'' Mr Radevski said.

Mr Radevski's father and a team of five full-time workers have begun the
painstaking process of removing 8ha of trees from trellises by hand and burning
them to stop the spread of disease.

It will cost them $35,000.

``To do this with no help from the local, state or federal government is nearly
impossible,'' he said.

``SPC was crying out for help, while (former agriculture minister Joe) Ludwig
was sitting on his hands, not even moving to put some tariffs in place to block
some of that rubbish coming into the country.

``Now they're all starting to pop their little heads up and saying `we'll help',
but where have they been the last 10 years?''

New Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon said he was determined to move $420
million set aside by the Federal Government for concessional loans into the
hands of farmers.

``That is my key focus, and I'm determined to do it as quickly as possible in
all jurisdictions,'' he said.

``My focus is on making sure we can get Farm Finance concessional loans up and
running in time to help those struggling now with debt.''

Mr Fitzgibbon said he'd spoken to Victorian Minister for Agriculture Peter Walsh
and Victorian Farmers Federation president Peter Touhey to ``reaffirm respective
commitments'' to the Farm Finance package, particularly the concessional loans.

Fruit Growers Victoria general manager John Wilson said industry body requests
for emergency tariffs and grants were progressing, but had been slowed by the
cabinet changeover in Canberra.

The Victorian Farmers Federation wrote to Minister Fitzgibbon regarding a motion
passed by the horticulture group two weeks ago to rally for funding to help with
the removal of trees.

SPCA held meetings with its employees and ongoing suppliers last week to discuss
progress with its government applications, business plans and initiatives.

Shepparton business Global Traffic Management Group will show its support for
SPCA and growers by displaying banners on all of its fleet of vehicles on
Friday.

With about 200 trucks around Australia, the aim is to create national awareness
to help put pressure on the Government to apply emergency tariff relief.

Ministers Sharman Stone and Jeanette Powell, Greater Shepparton mayor Jenny
Houlihan, Save SPCA organiser Teena Knight and locals will rally at the cannery
from 10.30am.

HAVE YOUR SAY

Should there be tariffs on cheap imported fruit?

weeklyimesnow.com.au

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

Guaranteed loan limit increased

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Dec. 17--SPRINGFIELD -- The loan limit for the Guaranteed Loan Program will
increase to $1,214,000. The limit is adjusted annually, based on the Prices Paid
to Farmers Index, compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service.

Another change to the guaranteed loan program will affect the one-time loan
guarantee fee charged on all FSA loans obligated after Oct. 1. The one-time loan
guarantee fee will increase from 1 percent to 1.5 percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender, and the lender arranges
for the guarantee. FSA can guaranteed up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on the loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership
and operating purposes.

Producers who are unable to obtain financing through a commercial lender,
including a guaranteed loan, could be eligible for an FSA direct loan. These
loans are made by the FSA with government funds and the limit is $300,000,
except for emergency loans which have a limit of $500,000. The maximum combined
guaranteed and direct farm loan indebtedness is now $1,514,000.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, call 217-241-6600, ext. 219.

___ (c)2011 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111217-YG-Guaranteed-loan-limit-increased-1217-20111217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JULY 29, 1999 Thursday SF EDITION

DROUGHT BRINGS OUT SURVIVAL INSTINCTS HEAT, PRICES PUT N.J. FARMS IN BIND

BYLINE: Melody McDonald, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1218 words


His yellow mud boots resting beside him, Billy Galletta flipped on the
windshield wipers of his white Ford pickup and rolled slowly through the sloppy
blueberry fields.

Hundreds of tall metal sprinklers spun around like ceiling fans, dousing water
on parched berries and soaking the earth. At times, it was almost easy to forget
the 1,300-acre Hammonton farm was experiencing the worst drought in its 64-year
history.

Almost.

The 29-year-old farmer is using 650,000 gallons of water a day to save the crops
- nearly double the normal quantity. That in turn has doubled the cost of fuel
and labor. The family-owned farm is paying $1,300 a day for fuel to pump water
from a dozen private wells and $3,500 a week in labor.

Although the blueberries will be smaller and some of the crop will be lost,
Atlantic Blueberry Co., the largest cultivated-blueberry farm in the country, is
expected to survive this summer.

Other New Jersey farms - and farms in the region in general - are not faring so
well, agriculture agents are saying. In neighboring Cumberland County, for
example, Jim Wenger expects to salvage less than half of his 1,400-acre corn
crop this year and said he would not turn a profit.

"I've never seen it this dry and prices this bad," Wenger said. "It's a double
whammy. We're going to get half a crop and half a price."

Wenger's wife, Barbara, 34, has returned to work as a nurse. She had quit her
job eight years ago to raise the couple's four daughters and keep the books for
the farm.

New Jersey officials said yesterday that a drought warning could come as early
as Monday, allowing water companies to transfer water from wetter to drier
areas. A drought emergency, which could impose water-use restrictions on
individuals, is not immediately expected, state officials said.

Delaware Gov. Carper has already called for voluntary conservation, and
Pennsylvania Gov. Ridge has declared a drought emergency, mandating some
restrictions in water use.

In Pennsylvania, the hay cut in early July was a fraction of what it should have
been. The corn, pollinated in mid-July, lacked the rain for ears to form
properly. And once the heat consistently hit 90 degrees, cows stopped eating
regularly and cut their milk production.

Greg Roth, a corn expert at Pennsylvania State University's College of
Agriculture, estimated that the corn industry alone would lose $100 million. No
crop-damage estimate was available in New Jersey.

"This is the driest I've seen it and the earliest I've seen it this dry," said
Bill Bamka, Burlington County agricultural agent with the Rutgers Cooperative
Extension. "We still have to get through August. We just need the rain."

Many farmers who reap corn, hay and soybean won't harvest crops at all this
year. Prices for these crops are at a 30-year low because there is a surplus in
the Midwest and the United States isn't selling enough grain internationally.
For most farmers, it isn't cost-effective to irrigate or insure those crops.

Dairy farmers are getting 30 percent to 50 percent less milk from their cows,
which have no appetite for dry pastures. Many farmers are now feeding their
livestock hay usually reserved for winter and spraying water on the livestock to
make them more comfortable.

"They basically get lethargic and can't eat or drink," said David Lee,
agricultural agent for Salem County.

Vegetable and fruit farmers who can afford to irrigate extensively, such as
Galletta, are expected to survive, but not without overextending their budgets
and depleting their water supplies.

New Jersey officials are asking the counties' agricultural experts to prepare
damage assessment reports by tomorrow and are expected to apply for federal
assistance next month. Gov. Whitman is scheduled to tour areas hardest hit by
the drought next week with Art Brown, state secretary of agriculture.

The last time the state requested federal assistance was after the May 24 hail
storm that ravaged more than 5,700 acres on 54 of the 1,785 farms in Atlantic,
Camden and Gloucester Counties, destroying a significant quantity of fruit
orchards and vegetable crops.

That application was approved yesterday, qualifying the farms for low-interest
loans.

Agricultural experts for Burlington, Camden and Ocean Counties met yesterday to
begin preparing their drought report with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Farm Service Agency office in Mount Holly, which provides low-interest loans to
troubled farmers.

During the meeting, they discussed how intense heat, minimal rainfall, dwindling
water supplies and low prices were crippling the region's farmers. Their report,
along with others throughout the state, will be forwarded to the state secretary
of agriculture for a request for disaster declaration. If the governor signs it,
it will be forwarded to Washington.

Wenger, 38, the corn farmer in Rosenhayn, Cumberland County, is counting on the
government for financial help.

His corn, which costs $2.50 to $3.25 a bushel to produce, is selling for $1.90 a
bushel. Wheat, which costs $3.50 to $4.50 a bushel to produce, is selling for
$2.03 a bushel.

State officials report similar stories throughout the state. They say the north
is suffering more than the south. In the north, rainfall is 10 inches below
normal, compared with 7 inches in the south.

The average rainfall in July is 4.4 inches. So far this month, the state has
gotten less than an inch of rain.

At this point, it would take several days of rain to revive the corn and soybean
crops and bring water tables back to normal, according to Kevin Murphy, the farm
service agency's loan manager for Burlington, Camden and Ocean Counties. Most
farmers who irrigate draw water from private wells, ponds or streams. If those
sources dry up, farmers will be devastated.

"The streams are dangerously low, and even though you can pump out water now,
you may not be able to later. It is very critical," Murphy said.

On Galletta's blueberry farm, water is pumped from private wells into small
canals. He draws water for the sprinklers from the canals.

Lately, Galletta's entire day has revolved around irrigation. To yield a healthy
crop, Galletta said, each blueberry bush needs an inch and a half of water a
day. With only three rainfalls on his farm this summer, he must compensate.

He hired four emergency workers to make sure the irrigation systems are clean
and functioning normally, and he makes certain each field receives a minimum of
two hours of water every day. In normal conditions, he would water two or three
days a week.

"I would say it is the worst drought the farm has seen," he said. "It is
definitely the worst drought I have seen."

If New Jersey declares a state of emergency, water restrictions would be
implemented in four phases. Limits first would be placed on residential outdoor
water use, followed by indoor water use, industrial and commercial use, and
drinking water.

Farmers would be exempt from the restrictions, said Amy Collings, a spokeswoman
for the Department of Environmental Protection.

"You would have to have a really bad situation for that to change," Collings
said.

* Inquirer staff writers Suzette Parmley and Walter F. Naedele contributed to
this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
At the Atlantic Blueberry Co. in Hammonton, N.J., Billy (left) and Robby
Galletta talk in their fields. Billy Galletta said the farm is being irrigated
every day; normally, the crops would be watered three days a week. The farm has
hired emergency workers. (SHARON GEKOSKI-KIMMEL, Inquirer Suburban Staff)
Florianna Gonzalez hand-picks blueberries for the Atlantic Blueberry Co. Many
farms cannot afford so much irrigation.

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Stonewall County Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2011

Grants, loans and technical assistance among aid available for Texas wildfires

BYLINE: Stonewall County Courier staff

LENGTH: 954  words


(COLLEGE STATION, TX), July 25, 2011 -A true team effort exists in response to
wildfires in the state of Texas, as numerous state and federal agencies offer
help to those responding to and recovering from the fires.

In addition to support from the Texas Division of Emergency Management (TDEM)
and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency
(FSA) and Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) also have assistance
programs available.

"Mother Nature has not been kind to Texas farmers and ranchers in 2011," said
Juan M. Garcia, State Executive Director for Texas FSA. Although not a remedy to
the extensive hardships and heartbreak experienced by many producers this year,
it's my hope that FSA's disaster programs and loans can alleviate some of the
financial strain producers have suffered from the devastating impact of the
recent natural disasters."

FSA offers disaster assistance and low-interest loan programs to assist
agricultural producers statewide in their recovery efforts following wildfires
or similar qualifying natural disasters. Visit http://www.fsa.usda.gov/for more
details. The assistance programs available include:

Emergency Conservation Program (ECP) which provides emergency funding for
farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate land severely damaged by natural disasters;
includes fence loss. (Currently, 32 counties have received ECP funding.
Additional counties are being reviewed and considered for funding - please
contact the local FSA office to determine status of ECP availability).

Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) which provides financial
assistance to producers of non-in-surable crops when low yields, loss of
inventory, or prevented planting occur due to natural disasters (includes native
grass for grazing).

Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP) which offers payments to eligible producers
for livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to adverse weather.
Eligible losses may include those determined by'FSA to have been caused by
hurricanes, floods, blizzards, wildfires, tropical storms, tornados lightening,
extreme heat, and extreme cold.

Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP) that includes payments to eligible
producers who suffered grazing losses for eligible livestock because of drought
or fire.D Tree Assistance Program (TAP) for eligible orchardists and nursery
tree growers for qualifying tree losses due to natural disaster.

Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP) Under the ELAP, FSA may spend up to $50 million per year to provide
emergency relief for losses due to feed or water shortages, disease, adverse
weather, or other conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, which are not
adequately addressed by other disaster programs

Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payment Program (SURE) which offers payments to
eligible producers who have incurred crop production losses or crop quality
losses, or both.

Emergency Loan Program The recent primary or contiguous Secretarial Disaster
designation for all counties in Texas which triggered the availability of FSA's
low interest (3.75%) Emergency Loans. These loans help producers recover from
production and physical losses due to drought, flooding, wildfire and other
natural disasters or quarantine.

NRCS State Conservationist Salvador Salinas said, "NRCS in Texas will help
landowners to address wind erosion that continues to occur because of the
drought and the effects from wildfires. Our assistance will enable landowners
and livestock producers to accelerate the recovery of the health and vigor of
the Effected grazing land."

NRCS is offering technical and financial assistance statewide to landowners
through several programs;

The Environmental Quality Incentive Program (EOIP) helps with deferred grazing
of livestock, to rejuvenate plant health and to prevent soil erosion, and cross
fencing assistance.

The Lesser Prairie Chicken (LPC) initiative is a local and regional working
partnership through the NRCS EQIP program focused on assisting producers in
conservation plan development to help maintain, establish, improve and manage
habitat for the LPC.

Additional conservation funding through the NRCS may also be used to address
plant health needs for range-land producers that have suffered losses from
recent wildfires.

Applicants should visit the local NRCS office to fill out an application for
cost-share assistance. Information is also available at www.tx.nrcs.usda.gov.
There are also SBA and FEMA programs: For information on SBA disaster assistance
programs, call SBA's Customers Service Center at (800) 659-2955 for more
information.

FEMA is supporting the wildfires with a presidential disaster declaration that
will reimburse 45 Texas counties for Emergency Protective Measures, Fire
Management Assistance Grant declarations for 43 Texas wildfires, and the
availability of Hazard Mitigation funds statewide. Find more information about
the recovery operations on the TDEM website at www.txdps.state.tx.us/dem.

"When everyone works together and the various programs are offered, it helps
recovery speed forward that much more," said State Coordinating Officer Shari
Ramirez-MacKay.

"Our goal is a unity of effort across the spectrum of government from the local,
state and federal level that provides the greatest amount of assistance to those
impacted by the wildfires," said FEMA Federal Coordinating Officer Kevin L.
Hannes. "There are multiple programs and sources of assistance that are
available to increase the speed of recovery and create stronger communities;
what one program doesn't cover, another program may be able support."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 The Stonewall County Courier


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday

Loan bias case forms

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 446 words


BLOOMINGTON -- Kristine Dunne wants to hear from farm women who believe they
were refused, based on gender, farm loan applications or the loans themselves.

Dunne, a Washington, D.C., attorney, represents 10 women who claim they were
denied farm operating, farm ownership or emergency farm loans between 1981 and
1996, or between Oct. 19, 1998, to the present. None of the claimants are from
Illinois.

However, 950 other women from nearly every state, including Illinois, have
submitted statements in the case of Love vs. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman. Most of the Illinois women live in the suburban Chicago area.

One plaintiff, Joyce King of Arkansas, attempted to get a loan application from
a county Farm Service Agency office in 1983. She said she was told it was too
early in the year to apply. After repeated visits and receiving the same reply,
she was told it was too late to apply.

King complained to the county supervisor. King said he refused to help. She said
he also told her women were not cut out for farming because they were a risk and
could not make a profit.

"We are still certifying classes, so we've not certified the case as a class
action," said Dunne, with Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin & Kahn PLLC. "The U.S.
Department of Agriculture has not filed its opposition to the case yet. We are
seeking relief, but have not specified a dollar amount. We want the behavior to
stop."

The USDA did not respond to repeated calls concerning the case.

Dunne said USDA has a long-standing pattern of discrimination against minority
farmers. Nearly 12,000 black farmers sued USDA in 1998 for loan discrimination.
They received payments ranging from $50,000 to $200,000 each and forgiveness of
outstanding farm loans.

Dunne noted that 236,269 women serve as principal farm operators, according to
the 2002 Census of Agriculture. However, women remain underrepresented in USDA's
farm loan programs, she added.

Women who believe they have been discriminated against when seeking USDA farm
loans may call (877) 208-4342. Other information is available at
www.womenfarmers.com.

The case was filed in October 2001. Dunne filed a third amended complaint last
year and filed a class certification motion last month for two of three proposed
subclasses.

Those two subclasses contain women for which no or little USDA records exist.
They were not provided loan applications, or were denied initial farm loans. To
find the women, Dunne has contacted news

media throughout the country.

The third subclass contains women farmers who received an initial loan but were
denied servicing, had difficulty obtaining subsequent loan servicing, or
received inadequate loan servicing.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Schumer, Gillibrand, Higgins, Collins Urge USDA To Immediately Conduct Damage
Assessment Of Impact Of Historic Snowstorm On WNY Farms

LENGTH: 1195  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and
Representatives Brian Higgins and Chris Collins urged the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack provide an immediate assessment of the damage
done to Western New York farms, as well as stand at the ready to swiftly approve
any requests from Upstate New York farmers for federal USDA disaster assistance
following the historic snow storm. County officials have said they expect the
cost of this disaster to meet the criteria needed for federal support, and, if
it does, Schumer, Gillibrand, Higgins and Collins said that New York State
farmers who incurred loss due to the storm should be able to seek USDA disaster
assistance. The lawmakers said that USDA assistance is available to farmers who
experience severe crop, livestock and business loss. Schumer, Gillibrand,
Higgins and Collins are requesting the USDA be ready to quickly assess the
damage so that farmers may be quickly approved for any disaster funding in the
impacted counties, including Erie, Chautauqua, Cattaraugus, Genesee & Wyoming if
they qualify.

"From shattered greenhouses to massive quantities of dumped milk that is trapped
on inaccessible farms, it is critical that we get federal resources to farmers
and growers in Western New York that experience crop, livestock and business
loss as a result of this historic snow storm. That is why I have already called
on the White House and FEMA and USDA to be ready to swiftly approve a federal
disaster declaration the very moment it hits their desk, and to provide all
forms of available aid for impacted communities. Having this federal disaster
declaration will help Erie County and the other impacted Western New York
farmers to request additional funding for loss as well, including the USDA. But
we need the USDA to be at the ready to assess the damage and swiftly approve
disaster assistance requests from farmers and growers in Western New York," said
Senator Schumer. "This snowstorm is beyond what anyone in Western New York has
ever seen and we need every level of government to do all it can for the snow
removal effort."

"With more snow approaching and the potential for flooding over the weekend, it
is critical that our Western New York communities get the resources they need to
dig out and recover," said Senator Gillibrand. "USDA and FEMA need to be ready
to provide whatever is needed to help Erie County and the surrounding areas hit
by heavy snow get back on their feet. I will continue to work to ensure that all
possible resources are brought to bear to ensure a full recovery for all of our
communities affected by this unprecedented storm."

"The enormity of this storm is unimaginable even for Western New York whose
resilience in difficult situations is like none other," said Congressman Brian
Higgins. "People, businesses and farmers will dig out but it is going to take
some help.  It will be important for the USDA see the roof collapses,
devastation to farms built by generations of families, potential flooding and
overwhelming barriers to recovery to truly understand what has happened and what
is ahead of us."

"It is imperative all levels of government coordinate and do all they can to
assist those in need, including our farmers and growers, during this historic
weather event," said Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27). "I strongly support this
request to the USDA and urge them to be ready to swiftly assist those in Western
New York impacted by this disaster."

"The situation is dire for farms affected by the record snow fall.  The physical
damage and the loss of animals' lives  are devastating. This situation is
compounded with the fact that dairy farmers are dumping milk and facing feed
shortages due to transportation issues.  And others may lose out on profits due
to the inability to complete their fall harvest. We appreciate the quick
response from our Congressional delegation to help secure disaster assistance
that may be needed to rebuild and recover," said Dean Norton, New York Farm
Bureau president.

In their letter, Schumer, Gillibrand, Collins and Higgins write: "We urge USDA
to dedicate all available resources to complete a damage survey in the most
timely manner to assess the need for a USDA disaster declaration to prevent the
delay of any needed emergency relief. Additionally, we request that FSA field
officers work with farmers to help them accurately document losses, which will
enable them to apply for USDA disaster programs."

Dear Secretary Vilsack:
We write on behalf of New York's farmers and rural communities who are
experiencing devastating losses caused by this year's early extreme snowfall and
ask that the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) take immediate
action to make all necessary resources available in the event of a Secretarial
Disaster Declaration. Additionally, we request that USDA's Farm Service Agency
(FSA) immediately works with farmers and local partners to assist them in
navigating the available resources offered in the wake of a natural disaster,
such as this most recent extreme snowfall.

In some areas, as much as eight feet of snow has accumulated on farms across
Western New York. This extreme snowfall has resulted in the collapse of barn
roofs and greenhouses. Additionally, dairy farmers have been struggling with
milk haulers not being able to access their farms due to impassable road
conditions and this is forcing farmers to dump milk. Since this storm came early
in the year, there is fear that temperatures will rise and snowmelt will cause
flooding in the impacted area and additional damage.

As you know, the 2014 Farm Bill permanently reauthorized the Tree Assistance
Program (TAP), Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP), and Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-raised Fish Program (ELAP). We encourage USDA to
work expeditiously to both help farmers apply to these programs and process
their claims. In the event of a Secretarial Disaster Declaration, farmers will
be able to access low interest emergency USDA loans and have the possibility of
enrolling in the Disaster Set-Aside Program to help farmers get through these
tough times.  Since we anticipate that severe damage will be sustained, farmers
will require the quick action of USDA to approve emergency disaster loans and
disaster program applications to mitigate the cash flow problems that occur
after losses due to inclement weather.

Again, we are asking that the USDA take action now to prepare all resources
needed to quickly determine a disaster declaration and assist farmers and
growers in readying the necessary documentation to report losses.  New York's
agricultural industry provides a livelihood for many and is the economic engine
of our rural communities across the state. We appreciate your consideration of
this important request.

Sincerely,

U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer

U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand

Representative Brian Higgins

Representative Chris Collins

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                Replate Edition

GREGOIRE SEEKS FEDERAL DISASTER AID FOR FARMERS;

BYLINE: Jim Camden<P>jimc@spokesman.com, (509) 879-7461<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


Here's one more thing to consider when complaining about this year's weather:
All 39 counties in Washington may be "disaster areas" and eligible for farm
disaster aid because of several hard freezes last winter and the cool, wet
spring.

Chris Gregoire asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to begin the process for
determining disaster relief across the state, which would make farmers who
sustained significant crop losses eligible for emergency loans and other aid.

It's an unusual request on several counts. For one, it's not tied to any single
event, like a hailstorm, tornado or flood, where the damage is immediately
apparent. For another, some of the crops are actually looking good as harvest
gets under way.

In a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Gregoire listed weather
problems for each of the state's counties, ranging from "excessive rain and cool
spring" throughout Eastern Washington's wheat counties and the Puget Sound area
to "freeze, frost and excessive rain" in Benton and Yakima counties.

"It is unusual that this happened throughout the state," Chris Bieker, of the
U.S Farm Service Agency. "All 39 counties may not get a primary disaster
designation."

Farmers are being asked to report their losses to the FSA. If there's a 30
percent loss to a particular crop in a county, farmers with losses in that
county and the adjoining counties could be eligible for emergency loans and
supplemental payments to make up for lost revenue, Bieker said. There's also a
tree assistance program that could help orchardists who lost trees to the frosts
in November and February.

The losses won't be known until after harvest, she said, and the cool weather
has delayed harvest in many parts of the state.

While the overall apple crop looks good right now, some orchards, vineyards and
berry farms were hit hard by deep freezes.

"This is turning out to be a really good crop for winter wheat, but not spring
wheat," Bieker said. The wet spring made it difficult to plant spring wheat. It
also caused rust, a fungus, in the winter wheat that farmers had to spray in
time to save their crops. She added, however, "It's not a good crop until it's
in."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

GREGOIRE SEEKS FEDERAL DISASTER AID FOR FARMERS;

BYLINE: Jim Camden<P>jimc@spokesman.com, (509) 879-7461<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


Here's one more thing to consider when complaining about this year's weather:
All 39 counties in Washington may be "disaster areas" and eligible for farm
disaster aid because of several hard freezes last winter and the cool, wet
spring.

Chris Gregoire asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to begin the process for
determining disaster relief across the state, which would make farmers who
sustained significant crop losses eligible for emergency loans and other aid.

It's an unusual request on several counts. For one, it's not tied to any single
event, like a hailstorm, tornado or flood, where the damage is immediately
apparent. For another, some of the crops are actually looking good as harvest
gets under way.

In a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Gregoire listed weather
problems for each of the state's counties, ranging from "excessive rain and cool
spring" throughout Eastern Washington's wheat counties and the Puget Sound area
to "freeze, frost and excessive rain" in Benton and Yakima counties.

"It is unusual that this happened throughout the state," Chris Bieker, of the
U.S Farm Service Agency. "All 39 counties may not get a primary disaster
designation."

Farmers are being asked to report their losses to the FSA. If there's a 30
percent loss to a particular crop in a county, farmers with losses in that
county and the adjoining counties could be eligible for emergency loans and
supplemental payments to make up for lost revenue, Bieker said. There's also a
tree assistance program that could help orchardists who lost trees to the frosts
in November and February.

The losses won't be known until after harvest, she said, and the cool weather
has delayed harvest in many parts of the state.

While the overall apple crop looks good right now, some orchards, vineyards and
berry farms were hit hard by deep freezes.

"This is turning out to be a really good crop for winter wheat, but not spring
wheat," Bieker said. The wet spring made it difficult to plant spring wheat. It
also caused rust, a fungus, in the winter wheat that farmers had to spray in
time to save their crops. She added, however, "It's not a good crop until it's
in."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, HIGGINS, COLLINS URGE USDA TO IMMEDIATELY CONDUCT DAMAGE
ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT OF HISTORIC SNOWSTORM ON WNY FARMS

LENGTH: 1197  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and
Representatives Brian Higgins and Chris Collins urged the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack provide an immediate assessment of the damage
done to Western New York farms, as well as stand at the ready to swiftly approve
any requests from Upstate New York farmers for federal USDA disaster assistance
following the historic snow storm. County officials have said they expect the
cost of this disaster to meet the criteria needed for federal support, and, if
it does, Schumer, Gillibrand, Higgins and Collins said that New York State
farmers who incurred loss due to the storm should be able to seek USDA disaster
assistance. The lawmakers said that USDA assistance is available to farmers who
experience severe crop, livestock and business loss. Schumer, Gillibrand,
Higgins and Collins are requesting the USDA be ready to quickly assess the
damage so that farmers may be quickly approved for any disaster funding in the
impacted counties, including Erie, Chautauqua, Cattaraugus, Genesee & Wyoming if
they qualify.

"From shattered greenhouses to massive quantities of dumped milk that is trapped
on inaccessible farms, it is critical that we get federal resources to farmers
and growers in Western New York that experience crop, livestock and business
loss as a result of this historic snow storm. That is why I have already called
on the White House and FEMA and USDA to be ready to swiftly approve a federal
disaster declaration the very moment it hits their desk, and to provide all
forms of available aid for impacted communities. Having this federal disaster
declaration will help Erie County and the other impacted Western New York
farmers to request additional funding for loss as well, including the USDA. But
we need the USDA to be at the ready to assess the damage and swiftly approve
disaster assistance requests from farmers and growers in Western New York," said
Senator Schumer. "This snowstorm is beyond what anyone in Western New York has
ever seen and we need every level of government to do all it can for the snow
removal effort."

"With more snow approaching and the potential for flooding over the weekend, it
is critical that our Western New York communities get the resources they need to
dig out and recover," said Senator Gillibrand. "USDA and FEMA need to be ready
to provide whatever is needed to help Erie County and the surrounding areas hit
by heavy snow get back on their feet. I will continue to work to ensure that all
possible resources are brought to bear to ensure a full recovery for all of our
communities affected by this unprecedented storm."

"The enormity of this storm is unimaginable even for Western New York whose
resilience in difficult situations is like none other," said Congressman Brian
Higgins. "People, businesses and farmers will dig out but it is going to take
some help.  It will be important for the USDA see the roof collapses,
devastation to farms built by generations of families, potential flooding and
overwhelming barriers to recovery to truly understand what has happened and what
is ahead of us."

"It is imperative all levels of government coordinate and do all they can to
assist those in need, including our farmers and growers, during this historic
weather event," saidCongressman Chris Collins (NY-27). "I strongly support this
request to the USDA and urge them to be ready to swiftly assist those in Western
New York impacted by this disaster."

"The situation is dire for farms affected by the record snow fall.  The physical
damage and the loss of animals' lives  are devastating. This situation is
compounded with the fact that dairy farmers are dumping milk and facing feed
shortages due to transportation issues.  And others may lose out on profits due
to the inability to complete their fall harvest. We appreciate the quick
response from our Congressional delegation to help secure disaster assistance
that may be needed to rebuild and recover," said Dean Norton, New York Farm
Bureau president.

In their letter, Schumer, Gillibrand, Collins and Higgins write: "We urge USDA
to dedicate all available resources to complete a damage survey in the most
timely manner to assess the need for a USDA disaster declaration to prevent the
delay of any needed emergency relief. Additionally, we request that FSA field
officers work with farmers to help them accurately document losses, which will
enable them to apply for USDA disaster programs."

Dear Secretary Vilsack:

We write on behalf of New York's farmers and rural communities who are
experiencing devastating losses caused by this year's early extreme snowfall and
ask that the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) take immediate
action to make all necessary resources available in the event of a Secretarial
Disaster Declaration. Additionally, we request that USDA's Farm Service Agency
(FSA) immediately works with farmers and local partners to assist them in
navigating the available resources offered in the wake of a natural disaster,
such as this most recent extreme snowfall.

In some areas, as much as eight feet of snow has accumulated on farms across
Western New York. This extreme snowfall has resulted in the collapse of barn
roofs and greenhouses. Additionally, dairy farmers have been struggling with
milk haulers not being able to access their farms due to impassable road
conditions and this is forcing farmers to dump milk. Since this storm came early
in the year, there is fear that temperatures will rise and snowmelt will cause
flooding in the impacted area and additional damage.

As you know, the 2014 Farm Bill permanently reauthorized the Tree Assistance
Program (TAP), Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP), and Emergency Assistance for
Livestock, Honey Bees, & Farm-raised Fish Program (ELAP). We encourage USDA to
work expeditiously to both help farmers apply to these programs and process
their claims. In the event of a Secretarial Disaster Declaration, farmers will
be able to access low interest emergency USDA loans and have the possibility of
enrolling in the Disaster Set-Aside Program to help farmers get through these
tough times.  Since we anticipate that severe damage will be sustained, farmers
will require the quick action of USDA to approve emergency disaster loans and
disaster program applications to mitigate the cash flow problems that occur
after losses due to inclement weather.

Again, we are asking that the USDA take action now to prepare all resources
needed to quickly determine a disaster declaration and assist farmers and
growers in readying the necessary documentation to report losses.  New York's
agricultural industry provides a livelihood for many and is the economic engine
of our rural communities across the state. We appreciate your consideration of
this important request.

Sincerely,

U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer

U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand

Representative Brian Higgins

Representative Chris Collins

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       AUGUST 3, 1999 Tuesday SF EDITION

PARTS OF PA., 5 OTHER STATES DECLARED DISASTER AREAS FARMERS WHO HAVE LOST AT
LEAST 30 PERCENT OF THEIR INCOME BECAUSE OF THE DROUGHT CAN RECEIVE LOW-INTEREST
LOANS.

BYLINE: Mark Jaffe and Gail Gibson, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 847 words


Prompted by withering crops and plummeting dairy production, the Clinton
administration yesterday declared parts of Pennsylvania and five other states
agricultural disaster areas.

The move will enable farmers who have lost at least 30 percent of their income,
as a result of the summer's searing drought, to draw up to $500,000 in
low-interest loans.

The disaster declaration covers 88 counties in parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland.

Only four Western Pennsylvania counties are included: Fayette, Beaver, Green and
Washington.

But Robert Bunty, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture,
said that "damage reports are being compiled from around the state . . . and
more counties will probably be added."

"Drought has affected everything from dairy farms to Christmas tree farms," said
Wilson Smeltz, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. "Everyone is
suffering."

In corn alone, the state's losses will add up to $100 million, according to Greg
Roth, a professor of agronomy at Pennsylvania State University.

The administration's response to what is being called the region's worst drought
since the 1930s comes as Congress is preparing its own national farm-aid
package.

But the congressional action is prompted not by farmers unable to grow enough,
but rather because most farms are growing too much.

While Eastern farmers are seeing their crops shrivel, Midwestern fields have
produced a glut of grain and soybeans that has driven down market prices.

The result is the most severe financial crisis on American farms since the
1980s, when farm failures rocked America and forced thousands of farmers off the
land.

Last week, farm-state Democrats proposed a $9.9 billion aid package to assist
farmers crippled by market prices and drought.

Senate Republican leaders are working on a measure of their own. But at least
one key Republican, Indiana Sen. Richard G. Lugar, said it was too soon to act.
Lugar, chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, instead wants to hold three
days of hearings to better understand the problems.

He set the first hearing for today, with Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman
scheduled to testify one day after touring drought-stricken farms in West
Virginia and Maryland.

Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress say they are frustrated by the
President's failure to lay out his own detailed emergency-aid proposal. The
White House suggested last week that Congress try to fix the 1996 Freedom to
Farm Bill before deciding on emergency aid.

Clinton asserted in his radio address Saturday that the 1996 bill, which
provides only limited subsidy aid, "simply does not do enough to help our
farmers and ranchers cope in hard times."

The 1996 bill removed most controls on what farmers grow, allowing them to
switch crops in pursuit of profits. In return, the farmers agreed to receive
only limited subsidies. But bad weather and markets have prompted Congress to
offer emergency farm aid year after year. Last year, Congress provided a record
$5.9 billion in such aid.

Lugar said he hoped this week's Senate hearings would draw the White House into
crafting a bipartisan plan. But even if the Senate acts, no farm-aid vote is
scheduled in the House, and Clinton is unlikely to sign emergency-aid
legislation before the fall.

Compared with a decade ago, farm prices are incredibly low, said Steve Riggins,
a University of Kentucky grain marketing specialist.

Soybean prices, more than $7 per bushel as recently as two years ago, might be
less than $4 this fall - their lowest price since the early 1970s, Riggins said.
Corn prices reached record highs around $5 per bushel in 1996, but now they
could come in under $2. Nationally, the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates
that net farm income for the major crops will be $7 billion below the average
income for 1993-97 period - a 29 percent drop. Farm exports are expected to be
down 19 percent from 1996 levels.

The low prices generally are attributed to abundant grain harvests that have
coincided with a depressed global demand for food after last year's financial
collapses in Russia and Southeast Asia.

Penn State's Roth said that Pennsylvania farmers laboring under both low market
prices and a drought were facing a double whammy. "Not only are the yields going
to be low, but so are the prices," he said. "It can't be much worse."

This year's federal farm-relief package would be unique because it is likely to
be tied primarily to price drops instead of to weather. That fact underscores
White House concerns that the 1996 Farm Bill just isn't working.

For many in Congress and on the farm, when this year's aid package is passed
matters almost as much as what is in it.

Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner Billy Ray Smith said farmers could not make
financial plans or adjustments until they knew specifically what federal aid
might come. A check that arrives in the mail months from now, Smith said, "would
be kind of after the fact."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

FSA announces $1.1 million loan

BYLINE: ALBUQUERQUE -

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 208 words


Salomon Ramirez, State Executive Director for USDA's Farm Service Agency in New
Mexico today announced the loan limit for its Guaranteed Loan Program has been
increased to $1,112,000, effective Oct. 1.

The limit is adjusted annually based on the "Prices Paid to Farmers Index,"
compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The increased limit will enhance the agency's ability to meet the credit needs
of farmers and ranchers throughout the country," said Ramirez.

The Guaranteed Loan Program allows commercial and farm credit lenders to extend
credit to qualified applicants, who otherwise would not meet their standard
lending criteria. Participating lenders can use the Guaranteed Loan Program to
strengthen a loan's viability through a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the
loan amount.

Farmers interested in guaranteed loans should apply through a conventional
lender. FSA also offers the Direct Loan Program as an alternative for those
unable to obtain financing from commercial credit sources. Direct farm loans are
government-funded, and made by FSA.

The loan limit for loans under the Direct Program is $300,000 (except for
Emergency Loans). Farmers interested in applying for a direct loan should
contact their local FSA office.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                February 5, 2010

Leaders still pushing for disaster relief for farmers

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1074  words


One of the reasons Stephen Bailey started growing sweet potatoes on his farm
near Vardaman was that commodity carried no guarantees of government assistance
in case of a disaster. Bailey, who has been growing sweet potatoes since 1998,
figured he would either make it or not on his own.

Thus, he represents a distinct minority in the state's agriculture community -
those not angry, shocked or perplexed that there has been no help coming from
leaders in Washington after drought followed by heavy rains last year dealt the
farming community its worst blow since the 1950s. Bills have been introduced in
both houses of Congress, but they have stalled while the crop loss is still
being calculated.

"I don't have much faith in (federal disaster assistance) coming," said Bailey,
who gave his personal crop loss at between 50-60 percent. "I am disappointed.
Our disaster is so significant. If there was ever a time lawmakers could help,
it's now.

"With sweet potatoes, I'm on my own. That's what I like. "

Louis Guedon is not so understanding. Unlike Bailey, he is a 30-year veteran
farmer, and he was fortunate enough to save his soybean crop in Jefferson County
from the adverse weather. He said he feels for other farmers, particularly young
producers, who are looking at having to shut down for reasons largely out of
their control.

"But, we can give money to General Motors; we can bailout Wall Street," Guedon
said. "It makes me very angry. "

Almost before the torrential rains of last September and October had quit
falling, appeals went out to Washington for help. On Oct. 23, Travis Satterfield
of Benoit, president of the Stoneville-based Delta Council, wrote a letter to
Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) asking for quick federal assistance.

"We are familiar with the permanent disaster provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill,
but would point out these provisions are not adaptable to the type of disaster,
which has been experienced throughout Arkansas and Mississippi Delta regions,
nor is it possible for this disaster assistance to reach the farm operator in
time to provide the necessary transition into the 2010 crop season," the letter
said.

The letter speaks to the heart of the issue. The 2008 Farm Bill includes the
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program, which offers a vehicle for producers to
offset losses. However, that program does not pay until the end of the marketing
season for the current crop, which is this October. In the mean time, producers
are left wondering what they can plant, if at all, and what financing would be
available.

The appeals got early responses. On Nov. 20, Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and
Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) introduced S.2810 in the U.S. Senate, followed Dec. 2 by
the introduction of H.R.4177, co-sponsored by Rep. Travis Childers (D-Miss.), in
the U.S. House of Representatives. The legislation includes $650 million to
assist specialty crop producers, $150 million in assistance for livestock
producers and $42 million for first handlers of cottonseed.

There has been no movement of either bill since their introduction.

However, the measures are not dead, and an effort to get the bills into law
continue. Dr. Lester Spell Jr., Mississippi's agriculture commissioner, is in
Washington this week, and said before he left that he hoped to have an audience
with Mississippi's congressional delegation.

Lawmakers stood to hear from Spell and state agriculture leaders. Spell was in
D.C. for the mid-year meeting of the National Association of State Departments
of Agriculture (NASDA). State commissioners of agriculture met from Feb. 4-8
covering a number of topics. Agriculture leaders from both the House and the
Senate were invited to the morning session.

NASDA has voiced its concerns over disaster assistance, calling the emergency
loans an ineffective tool for most farmers. NASDA is urging a revised Farm
Service Agency emergency loan program, similar to that provided to small
businesses. It also would like to see the Federal Emergency Management Agency be
given the authority to award timely grants, and eligibility extended to farmers
for low-interest loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration and other
agencies.

Still, there is hope for the bills in Congress. Cochran said in a statement to
the Mississippi Business Journal before Spell's arrival that he, "with the
support of his co-sponsors, is actively looking for the best possible
legislative vehicle for advancing the crop disaster assistance bill. We don't
have a specific vehicle identified yet, but we remain optimistic about our
prospects. "

Regarding Spell's visit to Washington, Cochran said his office "has not been
contacted yet by (Spell's) office, but we're certainly open to meeting with him
during his trip to Washington. "

In a Feb. 3 statement, Childers said, "The bill is a top priority for me, and I
am doing everything I can to see that it comes to the floor as quickly as
possible. If anything, I believe that our current economic conditions further
emphasize how important it is that we provide our farmers with assistance.

"I am in the process of confirming a meeting with the commissioner at my office.
A member of my staff may attend the association's meeting. Regardless, I am
communicating with the commissioner to stay apprised of all issues important to
the agriculture industry. I also met with the Mississippi Farm Bureau (the
morning of Feb. 3) to discuss the status of this important legislation. "

There doesn't appear any help will be coming from Jackson, either. A check of
measures before the agriculture committees in both houses of the Mississippi
Legislature found no legislation pending that would offer disaster relief.

While all of this is happening - or not - the total crop loss is still being
calculated. Dr. John Michael Riley, a Mississippi State University Extension
Service economist who co-authored the state crop loss report, said it could be
weeks before the final tally is available.

The current estimate for the state is a loss of between $450-$500 million. David
Waide, president of the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation, said he fears after
all the data are in that the loss could mushroom to $600 million.

Riley called $600 million "the high end" of estimates, but admitted that it is
possible that the losses could run that high. He added that his feeling is that
the numbers will be worse than estimates, and that the total loss would probably
be at least in the $500-million range.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Clinton County attains disaster status

BYLINE: Katie Dahlstrom, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Aug. 02--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Clinton County was designated a primary disaster
area by U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on Wednesday.

Clinton County was one of 42 counties in Iowa and 218 nationwide to receive  the
designation on Wednesday due to damage and losses caused by excessive heat.

More than half of the counties in the U.S. have now been designated disaster
areas by the USDA, mainly because of the worsening drought, according to the
USDA.

State Climatologist Harry Hillaker said statewide this year's drought could be
worse than the one in 1988, making it the worst drought since 1936.

"July is really the most critical month for agriculture and the fact that this
July was hotter and rainfall averaged as much as it was in '88 makes it worse,"
Hillaker said. "The last one that had a worse combination of heat and lack of
precipitation was 1936."

Counties are designated primary disaster areas after suffering severe drought
for eight or more consecutive weeks or extreme drought or higher at any time
during the growing season according to the U.S. drought monitor.

The USDA has designated 1,452 counties disaster areas due to drought during the
2012 crop year.

U.S. soybeans rated 37 percent very poor to poor, matching the lowest conditions
observed during the drought of 1988. Forty-eight percent of the U.S. corn crop
was rated very poor to poor, the agency reported.

The disaster designation makes farm operators in Clinton County eligible to be
considered for certain assistance from the Farm Service Agency including FSA
emergency loans.

The maximum loan amount is $500,000 and can be used to restore or replace
essential property, pay all or part of the production costs associated with the
disaster year, pay essential family living expenses, reorganize the farming
operation and refinance certain debts, excluding real estate.

The designation comes just two days after the Clinton County Board of
Supervisors, along with the Eastern Centeral Intergovernmental Association,
agreed to send a letter to USDA's Farm Service Agency.

In addition to the disaster designation and in response to the worsening drought
conditions, Vilsack announced on Wednesday he is expanding the emergency haying
and grazing on 3.8 million acres of conservation land in order to being relief
to livestock producers who are experiencing shortages of hay and pastureland.

Vilsack also announced crop insurance companies have agreed to grant farmers an
extra 30 days to make payments without incurring interest.

___ (c)2012 the Clinton Herald (Clinton, Iowa) Visit the Clinton Herald
(Clinton, Iowa) at clintonherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120802-XI-Clinton-County-attains-disaster-status-0802-20120802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2012 Clinton Herald


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 16, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

STORM BRIEFING

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. T05

LENGTH: 1205 words


Tornado recovery officials are urging residents with damaged property to apply
immediately for disaster assistance. There is no need to wait for an insurance
settlement or a repair estimate, they said.

"That information can be supplied at a later date," Federal Emergency Management
Agency coordinator Tom Davies said in a statement. He said those with damage
should immediately return their Small Business Administration disaster loan
application packages.

"In some cases small businesses may be the key to a community's speedy
recovery," Davies said.

He also said that the SBA offers assistance to a wide range of individuals and
businesses. He said homeowners, businesses or renters should file damage data
with the SBA right away so that the agency can determine their eligibility.

Loans are made to repair or replace disaster damage to real estate, machinery
and equipment, inventory and supplies. Individuals, businesses and nonprofit
organizations such as charities, churches and private schools may be eligible.

Constellation Energy Group has donated $ 10,000 to the American Red Cross
Disaster Relief Fund to help families in Southern Maryland who were affected by
the tornado.

Peter Katz, general manager of Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, presented the
check to Robert Maloit, executive director of the Calvert County Chapter of the
American Red Cross.

All Red Cross disaster relief is free and is made possible by donations of time
and money. To help the victims, send contributions to American Red Cross
Disaster Relief Fund, P.O. Box 37243, Washington, D.C. 20013, visit
www.redcross.org or call 800-HELPNOW.

American General Life Companies donated $ 2,500 to the American Red Cross
Disaster Relief Fund to help victims of the April 28 tornado.

"This contribution will help make a difference in Charles County," Mike Zabko,
executive director of the Charles County Chapter of the Red Cross, said in a
statement.

Michael Williams, general manager of the insurance firm, said, "As the largest
underwriter of commercial and industrial insurance in the United States, we have
our roots in towns like La Plata." American General Life is part of American
International Group Inc., the world's leading U.S.-based international insurance
and financial services organization.

Recovery officials are asking residents of communities damaged by the tornado to
help speed the removal of debris left by the storm.

Residents can help by moving debris to the public right of way so that it can be
picked up by crews working for state and local government.

"Speedy debris removal speeds recovery for all," state recovery coordinator
Donald L. Keldsen of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency said in a
statement this week. He estimated that the tornado created 13,000 tons of
debris.

Residents affected by the April 28 tornado are being encouraged to drag as much
debris as they can to the curb by Monday. After that, trucks will limit debris
pickup to once a week, on Mondays only.

Residents are asked to separate their curbside debris into three groups: rubble,
hazardous waste and plant debris.

The rubble disposal site near Route 301 and Turkey Hill Road will close on
Monday. After it closes, residents can take storm-related debris to the Charles
County Landfill on Billingsley Road in Waldorf. The service will be free for
residents affected by the storm, and commercial haulers will be charged a
tipping fee of $ 57 per ton.

Yard debris -- but not rubble or hazardous waste -- can be taken to the
Department of Public Facilities on Radio Station Road in La Plata.

Citizens outside of La Plata wishing to burn debris will be allowed to do so
until May 31. However, citizens must first notify the Department of Natural
Resources at 301-888-1670 or 301-645-4307.

Emergency agencies may be able to provide funds to assist individuals with
debris removal. To register with the Federal Emergency Management Agency, call
800-621-3362.

Two weeks after President Bush declared Calvert, Charles and Dorchester counties
federal disaster areas, the Federal Emergency Management Agency reported the
following progress in recovery operations:

* 542 households had registered with FEMA for assistance as of Monday.

* FEMA has approved more than $ 109,500 in grants to 56 households for emergency
housing, and the Small Business Administration has approved nearly $ 534,000 in
low-interest disaster loans.

* The Maryland Transportation Department has committed 21,000 worker-hours with
more than 200 workers and 162 pieces of equipment involved in debris removal.
FEMA extended the U.S. Corps of Engineers debris-removal mission by four weeks.
As of Saturday, an estimated 4,476 tons of debris had been sent to Virginia
landfills.

* The U.S. Department of Agriculture has activated Farm Service Agency programs
and Rural Development Agency programs that offer emergency loans and grants to
help family farm operations and low-income families in rural areas.

* FEMA's Disaster Unemployment Assistance program was activated and is available
through the state Labor Department. Benefits are available to workers who do not
normally qualify for regular state unemployment benefits, such as the
self-employed and farm workers.

* The Maryland Department of the Environment has surveyed all gasoline stations
damaged by the tornado to ensure that no leaks were occurring. The department
also located several above-ground heating oil tanks and drained them to prevent
groundwater contamination.

A series of informational and support meetings being offered by the Pastoral
Counseling Center of St. Mary's and the St. Mary's County Office on Aging will
begin Tuesday.

Group meetings will run from 10 to 11:30 a.m. for four consecutive Tuesdays at
the Garvey Senior Center in Leonardtown. Individual sessions are available
between 1 and 5 p.m. on the same days. Registration is required for individual
counseling.

All services are free of charge. For more information, call 301-475-4505.

The Disabled American Veterans has dispatched a mobile service office to assist
veterans and their families in the La Plata area who were affected by the
tornado.

For information, call Dave Autry at 202-314-5219 or Thom Wilborn at
202-314-5221.

The Calvert County Chapter of the American Red Cross will offer a course on
cardiopulmonary resuscitation and the automated external defibrillator for
members of rescue teams and emergency medical units on Saturday at the chapter's
office in Prince Frederick.

Registration is limited. Call 410-535-5230 to reserve a spot.

After four tornado warnings in 16 days, it may seem hard to believe, but experts
say the recent wild weather in Maryland is not unusual.

Barbara Watson at the National Weather Service's Baltimore-Washington forecast
office said more tornadoes have rolled through the state in the past decade than
at any other time since meteorologists began keeping records.

But she notes that the introduction of Doppler radar and other technology has
made it possible to spot tornadoes not visible in the past. Plus, as people
build homes in previously rural parts of the state, there are more people around
to witness tornadoes and report them to the weather service.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

New microloans expand farmers finance options

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 373  words


WHITEHALL - New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Wisconsin now have an
agricultural Microloan credit option to consider. As of January 15, 2013, the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) will offer its
customers a Microloan designed to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of
$35,000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application and a simplified
qualification process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Jim Hannula, Trempealeau County Director. "
Farms and ranches seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now
have a great new tool to consider."

"For those selling at Farmers' Markets or through community-supported
agriculture operations (CSAs), a Microloan might serve their needs perfectly,"
Hannula continued. "And the reduced paperwork associated with the new Microloan
will help expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $389.9 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Wisconsin. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended (1,286 operating loans), while
farm ownership loans were fewer (498 ownership loans). In 2012, emergency loans
were written for three producers in Wisconsin recovering from natural disasters.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA Microloan is also a great
benefit for fanners and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," according to Han nula. "Producers in every Wis consin
county can contact their nearest FSA office for details and to determine if they
qualify for a Microloan. The Microloan term can be up to seven years."

In response to tighter financial markets, the USD A has expanded the
availability of farm credit, helping farmers refinance loans across the U.S.
Since 2009. The USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers
totaling more than $18 billion. Over 50 percent of the loans went to beginning
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on Microloans and other FSA programs, please contact your
local USDA service center.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Blair Press Taylor


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 20, 1983 Wednesday

Farmers shafted,   official suggests

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 329 words


By  KEVIN COX
   The $100-million in emergency assistance to farmers, announced in last
 night's federal budget, will help only a small percentage of producers in
 financial difficulty, according to some farm leaders.

The emergency fund will only assist 1,000 farmers across Canada with
 interest rate reductions of 4 per cent, while at least 5,000 producers in
 Ontario alone are in financial difficulty and struggling to hold on to
 their farms, Ralph Barrie, head of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture,
 said.
    "Spread across Canada this $100-million isn't going to seriously
 address the problem at all," Mr. Barrie said.

He was disappointed the federal Government does not appear to have
 included farmers as an industry where investors can receive tax breaks for
 placing their money in Canadian firms.
    "We got shafted but good. Mr. Lalonde made the statement that we cannot
 turn our back on those who are bearing the burden of the recession
 unfairly and that is exactly what he did to agriculture, he turned his
 back on us."
    Mr. Lalonde said in his presentation that some farmers have experienced
 "exceptional financial difficulty" and the $100-million in emergency
 assistance, added to the $50-million already offered this year through the
 Federal Farm Credit Corporation, will help them stay on the land.

He also added a provision that would allow farmers to bring forward tax
 losses over a 10-year period instead of seven offered previously.

Gary Jones, head of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, said the
 emergency assistance program will help some farmers but he would rather
 have seen a system where retiring farmers could invest in the federal Farm
 Credit Corporation and thus make more money available to starting farmers.
    "The problem we have in agriculture today is that a lot of older
 farmers have money to invest and we have a lot of farmers who need that
 money. The Government has to figure out way to get them together," the
 Saskatchewan rancher said.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Commissioners approve Lebanon County EMA's 2014-2016 Triennial Plan

BYLINE: By Matt Baczewski mcb003@lvc.edu @LDinternmattb on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 921 words


Seeking both cost savings and increased funding for the Lebanon County Emergency
Management Agency, county commissioners Thursday approved the agency's 9-1-1
Triennial Plan for 2014-16.

"It's an exciting process. It's been a while, but we're finally at the point of
saying, 'Let's see what we can share,'" said Mike McGrady, president of MCM
Consulting Group Inc., which was hired to draft the plan in cooperation with EMA
Director John Wilson and Deputy Director Brian Burke.

The three presented a report on the draft plan to commissioners Jo Ellen Litz
and William E. Ames. The document is an analysis of the EMA's communication
costs, a need-based assessment required by the Pennsylvania Emergency Management
Agency.

A large portion of the plan deals with the costs of communication services and
the justification of a $1.25 surcharge on landline phones throughout the county.
The surcharge was recently extended by the state Legislature and is higher than
the current $1 surcharge on wireless phones.

"There's a lot less landlines than there was before. Of course, that affects
your revenue," said McGrady.

He is currently working with the state government towards a new surcharge that
would better reflect current phone usage.

"It will be technology agnostic," McGrady said, explaining that wireless,
landline and other forms of telephone communication would have the same
surcharge applied to them.

The Triennial Plan then provides a detailed justification for this surcharge.

"Every three years, we have to create a 9-1-1 plan for Lebanon County that says
where they are today, what they foresee for the future, and what they plan for
the next three years," said McGrady, who also worked on the 2011-13 Triennial
Plan.

The plan took about nine months to complete and was sent to the PEMA. The draft
was then changed based on suggestions by the PEMA and presented to the
commissioners.

One concern Litz presented was the use of statistics from an older audit. The
information was used because a newer audit is currently being conducted.

"When we get that audit, what we will do is go into the plan and update the
audit," said McGrady.

"The actual audit is in process right now," said Wilson.

Another question Litz presented was whether county owned phone towers have
tenants renting from them, or what the options may be. The county currently owns
four out of the 10 towers in the county but does not rent to any tenants.

McGrady explained that companies may approach the county with two scenarios.

"If you have existing towers, what they'll do is they'll either market the
towers for you, or even if it's a very good tower, they'd be willing to buy it
and give the county revenue from it," said McGrady.

Revenue from either selling or renting the towers would be available to the
county.

"It's county revenue, so it could be wherever the county decides," said McGrady.

He explained, however, that many other counties in Pennsylvania place the
revenue back into the towers and their EMA systems.

"I would recommend it going to the maintenance of individual towers sites and
your radio system," said McGrady.

The county would need to have a structural analysis done on the towers, and
prospective businesses would need to have another one done at their expense.

"Anything you do with this, it should be at their cost. It should not cost the
county any money," McGrady told the commissioners.

Another part of the plan was a Regional Shared Services Assessment, during which
services available to other counties and the possibility of counties sharing EMA
services were discussed   everything from personnel to technology.

Officials said this would help EMA by creating redundancy in the network,
assuring 9-1-1 calls are always answered even if Lebanon County's EMA services
are unavailable. Shared services would also save money on technology and
maintenance by dispersing the costs.

A regionalization of services would not take away a county's employees or
operations, but rather, as McGrady explained, would most likely make them more
efficient.

"You still have your own center; you're just sharing the technology. PEMA would
like to incentivize this," said McGrady.

"If there is a coordinated effort, then I'm happy," said Litz, and the plan was
unanimously approved.

The plan also updated information on organizational structure, population
density, participating agencies and salaries and benefits.

The commissioners also approved a Haz-Mat year-end report presented by Burke,
which detailed the funds collected for chemical fees, planning fees and grants,
along with anticipated revenue for 2014.

In other business, commissioners approved the Senior Community Center grant
agreement presented by Carol Davies, director of the Lebanon County Area Agency
on Aging. The grant will be used by the Maple Street Senior Center to repair
brick work, replace outdated lighting and perform other maintenance projects.

The Lebanon Valley Economic Development Corporation presented two Next
Generation farm loan applications, both approved. Next Generation farm loans
allow loans on farm purchases to be declared tax exempt, allowing banks to
provide lower interest rates to farmers.

The commissioners also approved the North American Gold Eagle loan, presented by
Frank Dixon of the Dixon Foundation. The loan refers to the 220-pound wooden
eagle statue now on display in the lobby of the municipal building. The eagle,
formerly displayed at the Lebanon campus of HACC, made headlines when it was
stolen earlier in the year. It was later recovered and returned.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike McGrady, center, discusses the 9-1-1 Triennial Plan for county
commissioner Thursday. With him are county Emergency Management Agency Director
John Wilson, right, and Deputy Director Brian Burke. The plan, which focuses on
EMA telecommunications costs, was accepted unanimously.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                               May 1, 1987 Friday

Farm debate runs on as Ottawa announces grain freight subsidies

BYLINE: HUGH WINSOR; GAM

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  HUGH WINSOR
 The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
   The emergency debate on financial problems of Canadian grain farmers
crystallized yesterday into two opposing views of the state of Prairie
agriculture - and gave the Government a chance to announce more aid.

To opposition members of Parliament who have spoken during the two days
of debate, such as Liberal Leader John Turner, the crisis goes beyond a
cyclical fluctuation in world grain prices to a situation that threatens
the existence of the family farm.

To New Democratic Party agriculture critic Stan Hovdebo, who moved the
motion for the emergency debate, the Conservative Government declared
"open season on farmers" with its decision to end a 19-month moratorium on
repayments to the Farm Credit Corp.

But to Charles Mayer, minister for the Canadian Wheat Board, the debate
has provided the Conservative Government with a chance to defend its move
on farm credit and to detail the huge amounts of support it is paying
farmers.

Late yesterday afternoon, he and Transport Minister John Crosbie added
another $64-million to the pot, an increase in grain transportation
subsidies to offset a rise in freight rates ordered by the Canadian
Transport Commission.

The subsidies mean that the average freight rate will be $6.32 a tonne,
compared with the present average of $5.97. The commission announced
earlier that the rate for the coming crop year should be $8.32 a tonne,
about a 40 per cent increase.

But Mr. Crosbie and Mr. Mayer said that falling world grain prices left
farmers in no position to handle the full freight-rate increase.

They said the Government had been working on the subsidy program for
about a month and it had nothing to do with the long emergency debate.

What began on Tuesday as an NDP attempt to embarrass the Government and
delay the adoption of legislation on drug patents - and was continuing
last night as a test of stamina and procedural wrangling - has turned into
a debate in which all three parties believe they are winning.

The New Democrats, who rival the Conservatives in Western Canada in the
polls, prompted the debate to show their supporters the party has clout in
Ottawa.

But the debate backfired in one sense, because it gave many Western
Tory backbenchers, who usually maintain a low profile in Ottawa, an
opportunity to talk about issues affecting their constitutents.

Even the Liberals, who are trying to open beachheads in Western Canada,
have seized on the debate as an opportunity.

The battle for the votes of Western farmers has also turned into a
battle of statistics.

Liberal agriculture critic Maurice Foster said the interim price of
$110 a tonne for wheat announced by Mr. Mayer last week means that Western
farmers will receive less this year than they did in 1933, if the figure
is adjusted for inflation.

He cites Farm Credit Corp. estimates that 52,000 Canadian farmers are
in "serious financial difficulty," of whom 13,000 are insolvent.

The decision by the Government to end the moratorium on repayment of
FCC loans will not only send bailiffs to the farms of delinquent FCC
creditors but will send a signal to the rest of the banking community to
crack down, Mr. Foster said.

The FCC has about 75,000 loans outstanding to farmers, of which 16,000
are in arrears, 6,000 of them more than two years in arrears when the
moratorium was imposed.

It is the 6,000 who could become subject to foreclosure. But as Mr.
Mayer and Agriculture Minister John Wise have pointed out, no bailiff can
be dispatched for at least 120 days from today, when the moratorium ends.
Even then, the bureaucrats are able to process only about 50 cases a
month, which would make a maximum of 600 foreclosures in a year.

But before the bailiff is sent, FCC officials must try to make other
deals, including separating the buildings from the farm and then leasing
back the land at less than market prices.

As he directed the Government's response in the Commons, Mr. Mayer said
there are some problems, "but that doesn't mean Canadian agriculture is a
basket case." Beef, dairy and pork producers are doing well.

Canadian grain and oil seed crops set records last year, and Canada
increased its share of the world market by 1 1/2 percentage points to 19.8
per cent. It is anticipating another increase this year.

Canada has continued to increase its sales, Mr. Mayer said, because it
produces top-quality wheat, has a worldwide reputation as a reliable
supplier and has built up a network of personal relationships with
customers around the world.

The problem is not wheat, but price and the huge subsidies that
Canada's competitors in the European Community and the United States
receive.

European farmers last year were paid $485 a tonne for durum wheat,
compared with the $130 Canadian farmers received. The ratios are similar
between Canadian and U.S. wheat farmers. Backed by the huge European and
U.S. subsidies, wheat has been dumped on the world market, driving prices
down.

That is the justification the Canadian ministers cite for the huge
transfers from Ottawa to the grain farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 5, 2012 Monday

Briefs

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 665 words


Mass. rep holds climate change meeting after Sandy

ARLINGTON (AP) -- Massachusetts Rep. Edward Markey is calling on Congress to
take action to protect the Northeast and other regions from the effects of
climate change, in response to Superstorm Sandy.

Markey scheduled what he called an "emergency meeting" on Sunday at Arlington
Town Hall. He says climate change threatens the region's economy and
environment.

Markey believes Sandy is the latest example of climate change spurring extreme
weather. He says Congress should take action including extending tax credits for
wind energy production and working to reduce harmful carbon pollution.

Union of Concerned Scientists President Kevin Knobloch was expected to join
Markey at Sunday's meeting.

Businesses may qualify for aid

BOSTON (AP) -- Massachusetts may not have been taken quite as hard a punch from
Superstorm Sandy as some other northeastern states, but officials say help may
still be available for Bay State farms and businesses affected by the storm.

State agriculture officials say farmers who sustained damage to crops, livestock
or equipment from the storm may be eligible for emergency funding or loans from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

Farmers seeking information about the programs should contact their local FSA
office.

U.S. Sen. John Kerry has written to the Small Business Administration asking
that Massachusetts businesses that sustained losses from Sandy be eligible for
low-interest loans. President Barack Obama issued an emergency declaration for
Massachusetts before the arrival of the storm.

New program seeks to help homeless veterans

BOSTON (AP) -- A new program is expected to find housing for chronically
homeless veterans in Boston.

HomeStart Inc., a nonprofit dedicated to ending homelessness in Greater Boston,
says it is working with the city of Boston and the New England Center for
Homeless Veterans. The program is expected to serve approximately 80 homeless
veterans and their families through housing vouchers provided by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Veterans Administration.

HomeStart will work with the center to connect veterans with housing options, as
well as provide rental assistance, case management and clinical services.

The center received an emergency solutions grant to rapidly house veterans who
are struggling with complex challenges.

N.H. museum lays off staff

EXETER, N.H. (AP) -- An American Revolution museum in New Hampshire is facing an
uncertain future after laying off its entire staff and cancelling its fall
programming as it works to develop a new strategic and operational plan.

The American Independence Museum in Exeter laid off the museum's executive
director and three other positions during its customary seasonal closure from
Nov. 1 to mid-April.

The Portsmouth Herald reported that the museum's board of governors hopes to
re-open in the spring, but can't guarantee it given the museum's financial
troubles.

Allison Field, secretary on the museum's board of governors, said the museum has
been operating at a deficit for two years.

NH attorney questions woman's will

PORTSMOUTH, N.H. (AP) -- A Portsmouth lawyer is claiming a police detective is
exploiting an incompetent elderly woman to inherit her estate.

A superior court hearing is scheduled Thursday on James Ritzo's motion claiming
Portsmouth Detective Aaron Goodwin has taken advantage of the 94-year-old woman,
whose estate includes an $805,000 waterfront home.

The Portsmouth Herald (http://bit.ly/R4T3sE ) reports that Ritzo says instead of
billing the woman regularly over the past 25 years, they had an agreement he'd
receive a percentage of her estate for "past services."

Ritzo says the woman is suffering from dementia and Alzheimer's disease, and
asked him to change her will and leave everything to Goodwin two weeks after she
met him a year ago.

Goodwin denies wrongdoing. The New Hampshire attorney general's office has
stated there's no evidence of a crime.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Farm loan program options at FSA;
FSA Notes Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker - 297-5564

BYLINE: by Richard Hotter, FLM

LENGTH: 572  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) offers loans for farmers and ranchers to purchase
farmland and finance agricultural operations. FSA loan programs are designed to
help producers who are temporarily unable to obtain private or commercial
credit. In many cases, applicants are beginning farmers who have insufficient
net worth to qualify for financing through a commercial lender. In other
instances, borrowers might have suffered setbacks from natural disasters or
might be persons with limited resources.

Farm ownership loans or farm operating loans may be obtained as direct loans for
a maximum of up to $300,000. Guaranteed loans can reach a maximum indebtedness
of $1,094,000. Emergency loans are always direct loans for fanners who may have
suffered physical or production losses in disaster areas designated by a
Presidential or Secretarial disaster declaration. Rural youth loans, loans to
beginning farmers and loans for socially disadvantaged applicants are also
available through FSA.

For detail information loan eligibility or the different available loan
programs, just contact the county office staff for an appointment with a farm
loan officer.

Down payment loan program

FSA has a special loan program to assist socially disadvantaged and beginning
farmers in purchasing a farm. Retiring farmers may use this program to transfer
their land to future generations.

To qualify:

The applicant must make a cash down payment of at least 5 percent of the
purchase price.

The maximum loan amount does not exceed 45 percent of the least of (a) the
purchase price of the farm or ranch to be acquired; (b) the appraised value of
the farm or ranch to be acquired; or (c) $500,000 (Note: This results in a
maximum loan amount of $225,000).

The term of the loan is 20 years. The interest rate is 4 percent below the
direct Farm Ownership Loan rate, but not lower than 1.5 percent.

The remaining balance may be obtained from a commercial lender or private party.
FSA can provide up to a 95 percent guarantee if financing is obtained from a
commercial lender. Participating lenders do not have to pay a guarantee fee.

Youth loans

The Farm Service Agency makes loans to rural youths to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience. The
maximum loan amount is $5000.

Youth loan eligibility requirements:

Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

Be 10 years to 21 years of age

Live in a rural area or in a town of 50,000 people or fewer

Must obtain a written recommendation and consent from a parent or guardian if
the applicant has not reached die age of majority under state law

Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

Conduct a modest agricultural income-producing project in a supervised program
of work as outlined above

Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating me project under
guidance and assistance from a project advisor. The project supervisor must
recommend the project and me loan, along with providing adequate supervision.

Please call me office with questions or to make an appointment at 605-297-5564.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 5, 2014 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

FARMERS NOT GRANTED INDIVIDUAL STORM AID

BYLINE:  Wesley Brown  Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 775 words


As a farmer, Williams Hughes has grown accustomed to being on his own, but when
February's ice storm hit 68 acres he owns in Burke County, he thought the
federal government would help cover some of the debris-removal costs.

He was wrong.

Because the multimillion-dollar, major-disaster declarations approved in 60
Georgia and South Carolina counties last month include only public assistance -
not individual assistance - the Federal Emergency Management Agency will not
help farmers clear their land of ice-storm debris, spokeswoman Cheria Brown
said.

Hughes was deflated when he heard the reason FEMA would not help him pay for the
two loaders and the six-man bucket-truck crew he employed for five days to clear
his property of debris, which he estimates could fill at least two football
fields.

"They go in there, get millions of dollars, and clean up incorporated areas, but
what do you do if you are living in a rural place like me?" asked Hughes, whose
insurance covered only about $250 of removal costs. "I have already spent about
$4,700 trying to clean up my property and I have not even touched the tip of
it."

Because public assistance grants are available to state and local governments on
a cost-sharing basis, and intended for "emergency protective measures" and
"hazard mitigation projects" that protect property and public

health, it is more common than individual aid.

FEMA records show Georgia has received $58.6 million in public assistance from
seven disaster declarations since May 2008. That's almost five times the amount
the state has received in individual assistance, $12.3 million, which provides
"financial help or direct services to those who have necessary expenses and
serious needs"

that are unable to be met through other means.

Individual assistance is usually for disasters that require temporary housing,
housing construction and other damage needs, such as personal property. FEMA
records show it is more commonly available during tornadoes and flooding. Such
disasters, which include metro Atlanta flooding in 2009 and tornado outbreaks in
2008 and 2011, have accounted for 3,079 individual assistance applications in
Georgia.

The last ice storm to hit the Southeast before 2014 was in Upstate South
Carolina, which received $11.3 million in public assistance and no money in
individual assistance.

So far this year, Richmond, Columbia and Aiken counties have estimated they will
pay contractors $31.6 million to remove 1.7 million cubic yards of debris.

In Burke County, administrator Merv Waldrop could not provide an estimate on
debris totals but said 40 county workers have been assigned to the job for two
months and that his office plans to ask FEMA to reimburse between $800,000 and
$1 million for their efforts.

Waldrop said he thinks cleanup is 70 percent complete and that though individual
assistance is not available, workers are still making passes and residents can
still take debris to the county landfill on Clark Place Road for

free or purchase burn permits from the state.

"We have not picked up every area of the county yet, but we are continuing to
pick up debris until it is all collected," he said.

Kent Politch, a spokesman for the Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency, said emergency conservation funds and business and farm loans between 1
1/2 and 2 percent interest are available to repair or replace damaged property
not covered by insurance, and to provide working capital. Politch said those
options are typically not popular, though.

"The emergency loan is really a safety net," he said. "As you can imagine, when
you have had a loss, you are necessarily looking to take one more debt."

Hughes said he wished he had known about the loans, grants and county public
assistance options sooner.

"That's not going to help now," he said. "It would take an additional $4,000 to
move the piles I have."

Reach Wesley Brown at (706) 823-3221

or wesley.brown@augustachronicle.com

CLEANUP OVER

Fifty-three days after debris removal began, Traffic Engineer and interim Deputy
Administrator Steve Cassell confirmed Friday that cleanup was complete in
Richmond County.

"Our goal was to get all the debris off the streets by today and it feels
unbelievable to have that accomplished," Cassell said.

Though he believed the cleanup would take about a month, "the amount of debris
was substantially more than anticipated," he said.

He acknowledged the possibility of cases of unremoved rubble. Residents with
concerns are asked to call 311.

"I'd like to guarantee we got everything," he said. "There might be a few
private roads we missed, and if we did we'll do our best to go out and clean
it."

--From Staff reports

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

EMERGENCY DISASTER FUND FOR WESTCHESTER AND ROCKLAND

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Congressman Eliot Engel, U.S. Government has issued the following
news release:

Congressman Eliot Engel (D-NY-17) announced that Westchester and Rockland
Counties are eligible for federal emergency disaster funds for damage and losses
caused by drought and excessive heat since June.

Westchester County is one of 29 New York counties listed as a primary natural
disaster area by the U.S. Department of Agriculture due to the level of damage
suffered by the drought. As a county contiguous to Westchester, Rockland is also
eligible for aid. Farmers in both counties will be considered for assistance
from the Farm Service Agency if they meet eligibility requirements. The
assistance includes FSA emergency loans, and farmers in both counties have eight
months from today to apply.

"I am pleased to see Westchester and Rockland Counties are eligible for aid.
While our farm land may not be as massive as other areas of the state, we have
hard-working farmers who deserve assistance to overcome the natural disasters
over which they have no control," said Rep. Engel.

To apply, farmers should contact the New York State Farm Service Agency at
315-477-6300.

For more information please visit: http://engel.house.gov. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

Feds declare all Okla. counties drought disaster areas

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Jan. 10--EDMOND -- All of Oklahoma's 77 counties have been declared drought
disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Most of Nebraska, Kansas and Oklahoma are experiencing extreme to exceptional
drought, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor's update released Jan. 1.

The severity scale ranges from abnormally dry on the low end to exceptional on
the high end.

On Wednesday, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack designated 598 counties in
14 states as primary natural disaster areas due to drought and heat, making all
qualified farm operators in the areas eligible for low-interest emergency loans.

States with counties designated as disaster areas are: Alabama (14), Arkansas
(47), Arizona (4), Colorado (30), Georgia (92), Hawaii (2), Kansas (88),
Oklahoma (77), Missouri (31), New Mexico (19), Nevada (9), South Carolina (11),
Texas (157) and Utah (17).

These are the first disaster designations made by the USDA in 2013. The 598
counties have shown a drought intensity value of at least D2 (Drought Severe)
for eight consecutive weeks based on U.S. Drought Monitor measurements,
providing for an automatic designation.

"As drought persists, USDA will continue to partner with producers to see them
through longer-term recovery, while taking the swift actions needed to help
farmers and ranchers prepare their land and operations for the upcoming planting
season,"  Vilsack said via a news release.

Vilsack said he would continue to work with Congress to encourage passage of a
food, farm and jobs bill that would give rural America the long-term certainty
they need, including a strong and defensible safety net.

A natural disaster designation makes all qualified farm operators in the
designated areas eligible for low interest emergency loans. During times of
need, USDA has historically responded to disasters across the country by
providing direct support, disaster assistance, technical assistance and access
to credit.

In 2012, USDA designated 2,245 counties in 39 states as disaster areas due to
drought, or 71 percent of the United States.

The Drought Monitor is produced in partnership by USDA, the National Drought
Mitigation Center at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration. It helps USDA determine county disaster
designations due to drought.

For more information about the specific state designations, visit the Farm
Service Agency's disaster designations page. Visit www.usda.gov/drought for the
latest information regarding USDA's drought response and assistance.

marks@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 108

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130110-EO-Feds-declare-all-Okla-counties-drought-disaster-areas-0110-20130110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Courtney Hosts USDA Grant and Loan Program Seminars for Local
Leaders

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Joe Courtney has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Congressman Joe Courtney (CT-02) concluded two days of seminars designed
to inform local leaders in eastern Connecticut about grant opportunities
available through the USDA-Rural Development Direct Loan & Grant Programs. At
events held in Dayville and Colchester, Congressman Courtney discussed the loan
program which supported $38.6 million in loans and $5.2 million in grants in
Connecticut's Second Congressional District last year. That funding helped to
launch several projects such as expanding the municipal sewer system in Deep
River, purchasing new emergency room equipment at Day Kimball Hospital, and
building a new fire house in the East Putnam Fire District, among others.





 "This was a great opportunity to speak directly with local selectmen, fire
chiefs, nonprofits, and other community leaders from across the district about
the benefits of working with the USDA-Rural Development program," said Courtney.
"All too often, rural communities do not have access to the credit necessary to
begin long-term projects like bridges, schools, or municipal complexes, and
these loans and grants provided through the USDA ensure eastern Connecticut
towns do not get left behind. During the reauthorization of the Farm Bill in
2014, I worked hard to maintain rural development eligibility in Connecticut by
ensuring the definition of rural included small communities in Eastern
Connecticut. I want to thank all of our local leaders who came out to learn more
about the grant program, and I look forward to working with them to obtain
additional grant funding for our district this year. "



 The 2014 Farm Bill extended current rural definitions through the 2020 Census
and increased the population threshold to 35,000. The USDA plans to allow
villages and census designate areas to apply for rural development loans on
their own, and towns do not need a credit rating to apply. The Norwich Area USDA
Rural Development office is located in at 238 West Town Street, Norwich, CT
06360.



 Courtney held the first of two seminars on Wednesday, March 9 at NECCOG Office
in Dayville. The second seminar was held today (Thursday, March 10) at
Colchester Town Hall. Roughly 40 local leaders representing 18 towns from across
the Second Congressional District took part in the two day event.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    News Letter Journal (Newcastle, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 21, 2013

Wyoming counties eligible for emergency loans due to storms;
Agriculture news ...

BYLINE: News Letter Journal staff

LENGTH: 226  words


Presidential Major

Disaster Declaration has made Wyoming counties eligible for disaster assistance.
Farmers and ranchers may qualify for emergency loans based on losses caused by
severe winter storm, snowstorm and flooding that occurred Oct. 3 through the 16,
2013.

Crook, Niobrara and Weston counties in Wyoming are considered contiguous to the
primary designated South Dakota counties and are therefore also eligible for
assistance.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30-percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Production losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100
percent of the total actual calculated production loss.

Under the FSA Emergency Loan program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000, whichever is
less.

FSA Emergency Loans are available only to operators of not larger than family
size farms and operators unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The deadline for applying for FSA loans under this Disaster Designation is July
8, 2014. For further information, farmers and ranchers located in the designated
counties are encouraged to contact their local FSA County Office. In Weston
County, call (307) 746-2701.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLJ

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 News Letter Journal


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 21, 2013

Wyoming counties eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 349  words


Presidential Major Disaster Declaration has made Wyoming counties eligible for
disaster assistance. Farmers and ranchers may qualify for Emergency Loans based
on losses caused by severe winter storm, snowstorm and flooding that occurred
October 3 through the 16, 2013.

Crook, Niobrara and Weston Counties in Wyoming are considered contiguous to the
primary designated South Dakota counties and are therefore also eligible for
assistance.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30 percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Production losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100%
of the total actual calculated production loss.

Under the FSA Emergency Loan program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000 whichever is
less.

FSA Emergency Loans are available only to operators of not larger than family
size farms and operators unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The deadline for applying for FSA loans under this Disaster Designation is July
8, 2014. For further information, farmers and ranchers located in the designated
counties are encouraged to contact their local FSA County Office.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in
all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin,
sex, religion, age, disability, political beliefs, sexual orientation, or
marital or family status, (not all prohibited bases apply to all programs).
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), should contact
USDA's target center at 202-720-2600 (voice and tdd).

To file a complaint of dis-1 crimination, write USDA, i Director, Office of
Civil! Rights, Room 326-W, Whit-; ten Building, 1400 Independence Ave, SW,
Washington, DC 20250-9410 or] call 202-720-5964 (voice; and tdd). USDA is an
equal opportunity provider and employer.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Sundance Times


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

On the Record / April 1, 2010

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 524 words


>Hires/Promotions/ Honors

Columbus McKinnon Corp., which designs, manufactures and markets material
handling products, appointed Joseph Maliekel as chief accounting officer.
Maliekel joined Columbus McKinnon in October 2009 as corporate controller. Prior
to joining Columbus McKinnon, he was part of BDO Seidman's professional services
team in Chicago for two years, and prior to that, he was with Monsanto Co. in
St. Louis for over seven years. Maliekel earned his MBA at Washington University
in St. Louis, and a bachelor's degree in accounting from Loyola University in
Chicago.

Kaleida Health appointed Dr. David P. Hughes medical director of Corporate
Employee Health. Hughes is board certified in emergency medicine and is
affiliated with Buffalo General Hospital and Erie County Medical Center
emergency departments. He also serves as the medical director for University
Occupational Health and University Travel Health, nonprofit practice plans
affiliated with the Department of Emergency Medicine at the University at
Buffalo and located at ECMC. A graduate of Kettering University in Michigan,
Hughes received his medical degree from UB and a master's degree from the
Medical College of Wisconsin.

***

>Company items

Lake Shore Savings Bank will open its 10th branch and fifth in Erie County on
Monday at 570 Dick Road, between Walden Avenue and George Urban Boulevard in
Depew. The grand opening will be April 12. The subsidiary of Dunkirk-based Lake
Shore Bancorp, with $425 million in assets, currently serves customers in Erie
and Chautauqua counties with branches in Dunkirk, East Amherst, Fredonia,
Hamburg, Jamestown, West Ellicott, Orchard Park, Kenmore and Westfield.

Chow Chocolat recently celebrated the grand opening of its second store, located
at the Walden Galleria near JCPenney on the lower level. The artisan chocolates,
specialty pastries boutique and cafe is owned by Scott and Jaclyn Wisz, who
opened their first location in downtown Buffalo two years ago.

The Communications Department at Medaille College named marketing communications
firm Eric Mower and Associates Agency of the Year. Students and faculty at
Medaille College select communications professionals in the Buffalo area each
year and acknowledge them for their dedication to the field and community at the
annual Media Awards ceremony.

Valmark Associates, a Williamsville-based advertising and marketing resource
agency, launched an advertising campaign on behalf of ophthalmology practice
Fichte, Endl & Elmer Eyecare. Valmark, agency of record for the firm, developed
the campaign titled "What are you waiting for?" and provided creative services,
broadcast production and media placement services.

M.J. Peterson Real Estate named the Olear Realty Group as its Top Selling Team
for 2009. The award was presented at the agency's annual meeting held recently
in recognition of Olear's commitment to its clients.

***

>Patents

Title: "Hydraulic recoil buffer assembly"

No.: 7,681,351

Inventors: Bucholtz, Brian C. (Lakeview); Shurmatz, William W. (Lancaster);
Johannes, Gregg F. (Long Beach, Calif.)

Assignee: Enidine Inc. (Orchard Park)

Date issued: March 23, 2010

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 21, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DEMOCRATS ASKING HELP FOR FARMERS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 35, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 827 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 20


The days of the Great Depression and Herbert Hoover are being recalled with
increasing frequency as Democrats in Congress seek to come in first in the race
to do the most for the farmer.

After saying they were tired of hearing the Reagan Administration's
''Hooverisms'' about ''relief being just around the corner,'' a group of farm
state Democrats in the Senate introduced a resolution this week demanding that
President Reagan act immediately to save more farmers from bankruptcy.

A similar group in the House, including two Texans who backed the President's
economic program a year ago, charged Agriculture Secretary John R. Block with
sounding like Hoover in urging the farmers to be patient until Republican
remedies turned the economy around.

While the Democrats were talking Thursday, Secretary Block acknowledged to an
Agriculture Day luncheon audience that farmers were having difficulties. But he
insisted that the President's farm and economic policies were sound and asked
that they be given time to work.

The Rhetoric of Politics

All of this rhetoric was heavy with politics and the Democratic Congressmen were
complaining even louder than many of their constituents. But the latest numbers,
compiled by the Agriculture Department and cited innumerable times by the
Democrats, indicated that many sectors of the farm economy were in the worst
recession since the early 1950's.

''If the Administration continues to sit on its hands and recite its unfulfilled
promise that relief is just around the corner, legislative action will clearly
be in order,'' declared Senator Walter D. Huddleston of Kentucky, the ranking
Democrat on the Senate Agriculture Committee. ''Hooverisms are not enough.''

Senator Huddleston said that many farm state Republicans might soon be joining
the Democrats in calling for action on farm aid. He said he ''felt compelled''
to note that the Republican-controlled committee had already placed the Senate
Budget Committee on notice that it might be necessary to reopen aid and price
support sections of the farm bill, enacted last December with grudging support
from the Administration.

The farmers' most immediate need, both Democratic Congressional groups said, is
more credit and less expensive credit.

'Statistics of the 1930's'

Senator David L. Boren, Democrat of Oklahoma, said today's farm statistics read
''just like the statistics of the 1930's.'' He said Agriculture Department
reports showed that farmers' debts now exceeds $200 billion, nearly 20 times
larger than 20 years ago, and that net farm income, adjusted to account for
inflation, was the worst it had been since 1938.

Senator Boren said that one section of the Democratic senatorial group's
resolution called for a moratorium on farm foreclosures by the Farmers Home
Administration, the Agriculture Department's principal emergency credit arm.

''This would prevent what happened back in the 1920's when we had a domino
effect,'' he said, ''when we had farmers going broke and the value of land
decreasing because of it being forced on the market and reducing the value of
other farmers' land.''

Today, the Farmers Home Administration is holding outstanding farm debts of $23
billion, 11 percent of all current farm debt. On Jan.  30, nearly $15 billion of
this was classified as delinquent by the agency.

A House 'Crisis Group'

The farm state Democrats in the House announced they were forming a ''farm
crisis group'' to rewrite the current farm law. The group includes
Representatives Charles W. Stenholm and Kent Hance, both Democrats of Texas who
supported the President's economic program last year.

Representative Thomas A. Daschle, Democrat of South Dakota, leader of the house
group, said that, just as in the 1930's, farm income was declining at an
accelerating rate, dropping 39 percent in the past two years, with a 25 percent
decline forecast in 1982.

The Reagan Administration had the authority, in the farm bill, to raise loan
rates on price supports, Mr. Daschle said. It also has authority, he said, to
pay farmers to reduce their plantings this spring instead of just requiring them
to do so in return for remaining eligible for loans and subsidies.

Both Democratic groups demanded that Secretary Block immediately use the $600
million in credit money already allocated in the 1982 budget to implement the
F.H.A.'s economic emergency loan program.

In a letter he sent Monday to the two Agriculture Committees, Secretary Block
said that the Agriculture Department was preparing to work out the regulations
needed to disburse new loans under this particular program, which was not used
in President Reagan's first year in office.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 21, 2011

Crook County eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 270  words


A presidential major disaster declaration has made South Dakota counties
eligible for disaster assistance. Farmers and ranchers may qualify for emergency
loans based on losses caused by that occurred March 11, 2011, and continuing.

Crook County in Wyoming are considered contiguous to the primary designated
South Dakota counties and are therefore, also eligible for assistance.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30 percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Production losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100%
of the total actual calculated production loss.

Physical loss loan applicants must have suffered severe physical losses
affecting the ability of their operation to continue on a reasonably sound
basis. All applicants must have sufficient equity to secure the loan and the
operation must show repayment ability.

Under the FSA emergency loan program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000 whichever is
less.

The FSA interest rate is three and three fourths percent (3.75%), for the entire
amount of the loan. FSA emergency loans are available only to operators of not
larger than family size farms and operators unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The deadline for applying for FSA loans under this disaster designation is
February 29, 2012. For further information, farmers and ranchers located in the
designated counties are encouraged to contact their local FSA county office.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 The Sundance Times


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Selected Interest Rates for April 2016

LENGTH: 77  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 90-Day Treasury Bill - .250%

 Farm Operating Loans -- Direct 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans -- Direct 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans -- Direct Down Payment, Beginning Farmer or Rancher -
1.50%

 Emergency Loans - 3.25%



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com




LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Flood Insurance Plan, Due Next Week, Adds Premiums to Escrow Requirements

                           October 5, 1995, Thursday

By MATT SCHULZ

DATELINE: CHICAGO


To implement the National Flood Insurance Act of 1994, six regulatory agencies
will unveil proposed rules for comment next week.

The proposal contains new escrow requirements for flood insurance premiums,
requires banks to force-place flood insurance if the borrower lacks sufficient
coverage, and allows lenders to charge fees for determining if a property is
located in a flood hazard area.

The five agencies that regulate depository institutions - the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp., the Office of Thrift Supervision, and the National Credit Union
Administration - are jointly proposing amendments to their current flood
insurance rules.

Meanwhile, as part of the interagency effort, the Farm Credit Administration is
issuing flood insurance rules for the first time.

The proposal is expected to be published in the Federal Register next week and
be out for public comment for 60 days. The rule will likely be adopted in
January, and take effect in April.

James K. Baebel, a senior review examiner with the FDIC, said the final rules
would probably mirror the proposal.

"The final outcome will likely be fine-tuned from this proposal, but we're
looking for comment on what changes may be necessary," Mr. Baebel said at the
National Compliance Conference here of America's Community Bankers.

Samuel E. Pincich, a flood insurance specialist with America's Community
Bankers, said the trade association expects the final rules won't vary much
different from the coming proposal.

"They've been working on it for a year," Mr. Pincich said. "We've talked to them
several times, as has everyone else with an interest in this. We submit that
this is fair and friendly rulemaking and encourage them to adopt a final rule
that looks like this."

The rules, in keeping with the flood insurance act, instruct banks that require
the escrow of loan charges to require the escrow of flood insurance premiums and
fees as well.

The proposal also states that if at any time during the life of a loan a lender
determines that the borrower's coverage is insufficient, the lender must notify
the borrower - if the borrower fails to buy more insurance within 45 days, the
lender has to buy the extra insurance on the owner's behalf.

The new rules would bar banks from lending on property in a flood area unless
the borrower has sufficient coverage. Lenders may charge the borrower a fee for
determining whether the land is in a flood area.

Getting the word out about flood insurance has been a government priority.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has been sponsoring one-day seminars
throughout the nation since the law was enacted last year.

After attending one of agency's seminars, Carol Fogle, compliance officer at
Carroll County Bank and Trust, is organizing a similar seminar for bankers in
Maryland in early November.

Joseph Taborek, president of Credit Insurance Markets Inc. in University Park,
Fla., said he believes most bankers are aware of the need to pay attention to
flood insurance requirements.

"Most people know that the rules are coming and have started to prepare for it,"
Mr. Taborek said at the ACB conference.

The regulators at the conference said the agencies will be going to lengths to
help banks comply.

New mapping software is being developed to identify flood areas, and toll-free
numbers and hot lines will be available for banks with questions about whether
maps are current. The Federal Emergency Management Agency also has developed
publications to help banks understand their responsibilities.

SECTION: COMPLIANCE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 602 words

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pincich, photo

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 3, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Worried farmers left high and dry;
 The persistence of the drought has had a dramatic impact on the state's crops
and livestock

BYLINE: Chandler Brown, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Rockdale Extra; Pg. 1JR

LENGTH: 717 words

Luke Garrett is praying for rain. Sure, it would be nice to get the lawn back in
shape, but Garrett has all but given up on that. Now he's pleading with the Man
Upstairs on behalf of the 250 cows, 15,000 chickens and 50 peacocks roaming his
Walton County farm, looking for a spare ounce of water.

"These are my folks," said Garrett, gesturing toward a herd of cattle gathered
under an old oak tree on his 400-acre property in Between, a one- traffic-light
town between Monroe and Loganville. "I get all kinda torn up looking at 'em like
this." Garrett said his animals are surviving on water from two dwindling ponds
that have collected a few inches of recent rainfall. Garrett got a temporary
county water hookup last week when the ponds nearly dried up.

Garrett is not alone. Local farmers are in dire straits, losing crops and
livestock to the drought.

Last month, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared all of Georgia's
159 counties disaster areas, qualifying thousands of farmers for low-interest
federal loans. Some counties --- including Rockdale, Walton and Newton --- are
eligible for the Emergency Conservation Program, which helps farmers pay for
alternate means of supplying water to their livestock. Georgia received nearly $
1.4 million in the federal disaster declaration, which included parts of South
Carolina and Florida.

Farmers have until Aug. 25 to apply for the conservation program and until March
2001 for the low-interest loans. So far, only a few dozen local farmers have
applied, officials said.

"A lot of people haven't gotten word yet that we can help," said Wade Hood, who
oversees the Farm Service Agency's operations in Walton and several other
counties. Hood said his office planned to send about 1,600 letters this week to
Walton farmers notifying them of the relief opportunities.

The Department of Agriculture will lend farmers up to one-third of revenue lost
because of the drought and will offer individual loans and grants to help pay
for wells and county water hookups, said Michael Greer, who heads the Farm
Service Agency's operations in Newton County.

Greer said Newton farmers have been suffering because they can't grow grass or
grain for their cattle to eat, which has prompted many farmers to sell their
livestock.

In addition, Greer said, "row farmers," who rely on crops like corn and beans
for their revenue, are losing an entire year's income because crops are a total
loss. Row farmers are eligible for low-interest loans, but they must wait until
the end of the summer to determine how much revenue they've lost, officials
said.

"I've been in this business 25 years, and I've never seen it this bad," Greer
said.

The National Weather Service reports that rainfall in Georgia is about 15 inches
below normal for the year. The total deficit, however, for the past two years is
closer to 40 inches. Forecasters say Georgia is not expected to make a dent in
the rain deficit until winter, which is typically when the state gets most of
its rainfall.

Agriculture officials say they don't know of any area farmers who've lost
everything. But, they say, summer is not over.

"It depends on how long the drought lasts," said Cynthia Villas, spokeswoman for
the FSA. "There are a lot of factors that come into play. We hope it won't get
to that point."

Those who rely on water for their income share that sentiment. Many won't
speculate about what might happen if the rain doesn't start falling.

"I don't like to talk about that," said Bob Trapp, 54, who owns a greenhouse in
Walton County.

Trapp said he's lost tens of thousands of dollars in revenue this year because
his four wells can't keep up with the water demands of his delicate flowers.
Trapp applied for a low-interest loan last week to pay for another well.

Garrett's land is "looking pretty bad these days," the fourth-generation farmer
said. The Bermuda grass his cattle graze on stopped growing months ago, and his
corn crop didn't produce a dime.

He's had to sell about 80 of his beef cattle, including all of the calves that
were to be sold next winter. He plans to apply for an emergency relief loan
soon.

But he hasn't given up hope.

"I go to bed every night with my fingers crossed, praying I'll wake up and have
some water," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Cattle on the farm of fourth-generation farmer Luke Garrett draw their drinking
water from two ponds on his property. But the ponds are drying up and have not
been refreshed by summer rains. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff
 Photo
Georgia's drought has left farmers like Luke Garrett, 57, despairing as their
crops wither in the broiling sun. Garrett opted to cut acres of his corn for
cattle feed after the parched land failed to produce a crop he could sell. /
CURTIS COMPTON / Staff
Photo
Farmer Luke Garrett of Walton County holds a ear of corn from his 15-acre corn
field, where the crops have suffered from lack of rain. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Don't be fooled

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 555 words


Please, for the sake of our state and country, don't be fooled by Barbara Boxer.
She has no interest in you, me or anyone else in this area except for herself
and keeping her high-power job in Washington, D.C.

Recently, I reached out to her and her office for assistance regarding a
complaint I had with a government agency. I sent my request to her local, state
and Washington offices. Not only did I not receive any assistance from her, I
never received an acknowledgment that her office received my letter, and no
assistance was rendered by her or her staff. All other elected officials that I
contacted at least acknowledged they could or could not help. My issue was
ultimately resolved with no assistance from Boxer.

I actually was not surprised as the only time we see or hear from Barbara Boxer
is when she is seeking publicity for herself or seeking re-election.

I find it amazing that Boxer can make a visit to a veterans hospital with a news
photographer in tow to show her "support" for veterans but has no problem
scolding an Army general on national television for not referring to her as
"senator" instead of respectfully calling her "ma'am" during a congressional
hearing. This alone should prove that all she cares about is herself and her job
as a senator. As a veteran, I'm insulted that she "supports" veterans and the
military in this manner.

I am completely tired, as we all should be, of the empty promises politicians
never deliver. Barbara Boxer falls in this category, so please don't be fooled
by her empty promises and phony concern.

VINCENT KUTCH
Highland

Time for change

I am writing to urge every member of Eastwood Farms Community Water Users
(Eastwood Farms) to vote in favor of forming an assessment district.

In 1997, the county of San Bernardino found contamination issues with our
58-year-old well that our users have not had the money or means to rectify.
Fortunately, East Valley Water District (EVWD) was willing and able to connect
occupied parcels with emergency water service. That was 13 years ago. Never did
we think this emergency service would continue for as long as it has.

Through the efforts of my wife, Mabelle Nazikoglu, EVWD, the county of San
Bernardino and the state, grants and loans have been secured that will
dramatically improve our water service and fire safety in ways we never thought
possible. Because of these funds, Eastwood Farm members will not have to pay
up-front for these necessary improvements.

Almost half of the funding for meters, service lines and fire hydrants will be
paid for by Safe Drinking Water, a state revolving fund grant. Other funding
will come in the form of a zero-interest state loan and financing through EVWD,
all of which will be paid for through our property taxes - most over 30 years.
The cost will be minimal in comparison with the user benefits and property value
increase.

For those people of Eastwood Farms who somehow believe there is still hope for
our small, independent agency, please do not hold out hope for this. It is over.
We cannot have our old well back. We cannot drill a new well.

Our best option is to vote in favor of the formation of an assessment district
under EVWD. If we do not, we risk losing our water service entirely and the
possibility of jumping many more hurdles with other agencies.

ZEKAI "Doc" NAZIKOGLU
San Bernardino

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 12, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

FDR'S GOVERNMENT: THE ROOTS OF TODAY'S FEDERAL BUREAUCRACY

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 952 words


Fifty years after his death plunged America into mourning, the legacy of
Franklin Delano Roosevelt is under siege as never before.

As ceremonies and tree plantings across the country begin today to mark the
half-century that has passed since the death of America's 32nd president on
April 12, 1945, argument rages over the welfare state he created. And a
dispirited Democratic Party is asking whether it can survive the Republican
onslaught.

FDR set in motion activist, programs that brought government into every corner
of American life.

For Roosevelt, change was policy. "It is common sense to take a method and try
it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try
something," he said.

To that end, he fashioned the New Deal; he built dams and brought electricity to
millions, created farm subsidies and unemployment insurance, regulated a stock
market gone out of control, set up a social security program for the elderly and
gave unions the right to organize.

Led by House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), Republicans argue the welfare state
and the federal bureaucracy that FDR created and nurtured has gotten out of
hand.

Much of what FDR accomplished now is under attack and pieces of the federal
bureaucracy that were born during the Roosevelt years face privatization,
rethinking, consolidation and even elimination.

Listed below are the agencies created between 1933 and 1945, the years Roosevelt
was in office. While some no longer exist in the form they were first created,
many of their functions continue, absorbed by other federal agencies and
departments in a greatly expanded executive branch.

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE GOVERNMENT AGENCIES AND COMMISSIONS FORMED DURING THE
ROOSEVELT YEARS:

1933

* Civilian Conservation Corps: Provided jobs for the unemployed.

* Farm Credit Administration: Provided a credit system for farmers.

* Federal Civil Works Administration: Provided jobs through federal works
projects.

* Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC): Insures bank deposits.

* Federal Emergency Relief Administration: Cooperated with the states in
relieving hardships caused by unemployment and drought. (Today, Federal
Emergency Management Administration).

* Immigration and Naturalization Service: Regulates immigration.

* National Labor Board: Remedied unlawful labor practices.

* National Recovery Administration: Promoted recovery from the Depression.

* Public Works Administration: Increased employment and purchasing power through
construction of useful public works, such as bridges, in various states.

* Tennessee Valley Authority: Provides power to the south-central states.

1934

* Bureau of Air Commerce: Early incarnation of the Federal Aviation
Administration.

* Export-Import Bank of Washington: Regulates trade between United States and
foreign countries.

* Federal Communications Commission (FCC): Regulates radio, telephone and
telegraph systems.

* Federal Housing Administration (FHA): Insures private lending companies
against loss on home mortgage loans and on loans for improving small properties.

* National Archives and Records Service: Manages U.S. government records.

* Securities and Exchange Commission: Protectes the public from investing in
unsafe securities and regulates stock market practices.

1935

* National Labor Relations Board: Administeres the National Labor Relations Act.

* National Youth Administration: Provided job training for unemployed youths and
part-time work for needy students.

* Resettlement Administration: Resettled and rehabilitated farm tenants and
sharecroppers.

* Rural Electrification Administration: Aided farmers in electrification of
homes.

* Social Security Board: Provides unemployment relief and old-age pensions.
(Today, Social Security Administration).

* Works Progress Administration: Provided work for the needy in public works
projects.

1937

* Farm Security Administration: Provided resettlement and economic help for farm
families.

1938

* Air Safety Board: Investigated accidents. (Today, National Transportation
Safety Board).

* Civil Aeronautics Administration: (Today, Federal Aviation Administration).

* Civil Aeronautics Authority. (Today, Federal Aviation Administration).

* Federal Crop Insurance Corp.: Provides insurance protection against
unavoidable loss of certain crops.

1939

* Works Projects Administration: Created and administered work relief projects.

* Federal Works Agency: Administered by the WPA.

1940

* Bureau of the Public Debt: Issued government securities.

* Civil Aeronautics Board: Regulated airline economics and investigated
accidents.

* Defense Plant Corp.: Issued government-backed loans and guarantees to enlarge
U.S. industrial facilities to combat Nazi threat.

* National Defense Research Committee: Wartime research effort.

* Selective Service System: Registered civilians for the military.

1941

* Committee on Fair Employment Practices: Encouraged fair employment.

* Office of Price Administration: Administered rationing programs for tires,
gasoline, meat, sugar and other commodities.

* Office of Scientific Research and Development: Joint civilian-military
research efforts, including development of the atomic bomb.

1942

* Office of Strategic Services: (Today, a branch of the Central Intelligence
Agency).

* Office of War Information: World War II propaganda agency.

* War Manpower Commission: Mobilized manpower for wartime.

* War Production Board: Mobilized and allocated industrial facilities and plants
for wartime.

SOURCES: Reuter; The Greenwood Encyclopedia of American Institutions: Government
Agencies; World Book Encyclopedia


LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo; Illustration, The Washington Post, Roosevelt signs the Social
Security Act on Aug. 14, 1935. Labor Secretary Frances Perkins stands directly
behind him.  Women at Social Security's Baltimore offices in 1936 punch code
cards as record-keeping for old-age pensions began.  In Roosevelt's first term,
he signed legislation that led to dams that harnessed the power of the Tennessee
River to create electricity.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 27, 2007 Saturday

High Desert nursery owners' FROZEN ASSETS: Cold snap could lead to $1.8 million
loss to county's growers

BYLINE: Catherine Wilkinson, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Jan. 27--Walking around Cal Herbold's Nursery in Hesperia you can't help but
notice the once lush green eucalyptus trees and totem pole cacti are now looking
brown, droopy and even dead.

The mid-January cold snap took its toll on Victor Valley nursery owners, and now
they are waiting anxiously to see if some of their product may blossom and come
back to life in the spring.

"All we can do is wait and see," said Herbold. "Until then, I won't know how
significant my loss is. But it means I will take a hit in the pocketbook."

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement Monday that estimates the
financial loss to California's agriculture industry will likely exceed $1
billion. In San Bernardino County, the nursery industry's estimated loss has
been tallied at $1.8 million -- a number not seen since 1990.

"We had a freeze in 1998 that did some damage across the state," said Doug
Brand, county executive director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Farm
Service Agency. "But it didn't affect San Bernardino County as badly."

As with the citrus industry that estimates the prices will increase due to
frigid overnight temperatures, Brand predicts the freeze will have a trickle
down effect on the nursery industry and drive up the prices of plants and trees.

"It's all a case of supply and demand," he said.

Schwarzenegger has declared 16 counties as state disaster areas. But before any
federal funding can be made available to farmers, the county must be declared a
disaster area by the president or designated by the U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture as a disaster area.

Legislation would have to then be enacted by Congress before any federal funding
would be made available.

"We don't know how long that could take," Brand said. "It's possible some
emergency loans will be made available."

The U.S. Small Business Administration is offering low-interest loans to farmers
across the state -- at a rate of 4 percent for 30 years.

Herbold is not interested in help from the government although he estimates he
will lose as much as 20 percent of his stock.

"I've been doing this for 41 years," he said. "I'm a farmer. I've been through
this before."

Further information on the emergency loan program is available from the local
USDA Farm Service Agency in Lancaster or Riverside.

Copyright (c) 2007, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070127-VV-0127-High-Desert-nursery-owners-FROZEN-ASSETS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2007 Daily Press


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         June 1, 2001 Friday 2D EDITION

Tornado tally: 31 homes leveled 68 damaged; cost is put at $ 418,000

BYLINE: By Erin Emery, Denver Post Southern Colorado Bureau,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 527 words


ELLICOTT - El Paso County Assessor John Bass said 31 mobile  homes were
destroyed and 68 other homes were damaged in the  tornado that sliced through
Ellicott on Monday, leaving 130 people  homeless.

A preliminary assessment by the assessor's office released  Thursday put the
damage to the homes, and to area farm buildings,  at $ 418,000. Most of the
homes are older dwellings.

'That would be everything we're aware of,' Bass said. 'It  would be the total
damage (to homes and farm buildings) that  resulted from that storm. You would
have damage from sheer wind  velocity. We had hail that was falling sideways and
then the  funnel itself.'

State and county officials met Thursday to determine how best  to help people
affected by the tornado. The victims won't qualify  for federal aid, but county
and state officials said they will try  to determine whether residents will
qualify for low-income loans  or help with rent. Two companies, Waste Management
and Western  Scrap Processing, are working together on cleanup efforts.

The county's Office of Emergency Management will coordinate  housing, cleanup
and volunteer efforts, but the county will not  send its own employees to help
private property owners clean up  the mess.

County Commissioner Tom Huffman, who represents eastern El  Paso County,
including Ellicott, said that duty would fall to  private landowners.

'As a taxpayer, do you feel it is your responsibility to buy  a person a new
trailer who didn't have insurance?' Huffman asked.  'As an elected official,
it's not something for me to do - to  obligate other people's money to replace
the home of somebody who  neglected to insure it.'

He said the county would have to be creative in employing the  efforts of
volunteers to clean up the area, especially a 60-ton  metal roof from Ellicott
Junior & Senior High School that landed  on Carlton Cole's property across from
the school. The Cole  property was not insured.

By far the worst damage was to the school itself.

An insurance adjuster indicated during an emergency school  board meeting
Wednesday that rebuilding the school could cost $ 6.5  million alone.

The twister damaged two other schools and an administration  building. Walt
Cooper, superintendent of the Ellicott School  District, said damage to the
district's property will be 'at  least' $ 8 million total.

A day after the Ellicott twister, another storm brought  hailstones crashing
into windshields and damaging roofs in Lamar.

By midweek, State Farm Insurance had received claims  amounting to $ 4.3 million
in damages from the two storms, company  spokesman Eric Anderson said.

Where to call for help

El Paso County's Office of Emergency Management has set up  two phone numbers to
assist tornado victims. If you were displaced  by the tornado, you can call the
office to find out if you qualify  for rental assistance, a low-interest loan
and cleanup. Volunteers  who can help with cleanup or housing should also call
the  emergency office. The telephone numbers are 719-575-8400 and  719-575-8401.

LOAD-DATE: June 01, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 1, 2008 Monday

Drought conditions diminish: Emergency aid offered to farmers

BYLINE: Chris Lavender, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


Dec. 1--Lenoir County may no longer be in a drought, but the impact of the
year's dry conditions continue to linger.

The N.C. Drought Management Advisory Council's November data showed that Lenoir
County is not experiencing abnormally dry conditions, as compared to October.
Unlike Lenoir County, abnormally dry conditions persist in Greene County.

The drought has dramatically improved for Eastern North Carolina though, as
compared to November 2007. During that time, the region was gripped by extreme
drought.

Lenoir, Greene and Jones counties were among 22 counties in the state that were
classified under extreme drought during this time last year. According to the
N.C. Drought Management Advisory Council, six counties in Western North Carolina
are still experiencing exceptional drought, which is the most extreme category.
In November 2007, there were 56 counties statewide classified under exceptional
drought.

Currently, there are 26 counties statewide -- including Greene County -- that
are classified as abnormally dry.

Last month, the U.S. Department of Agriculture granted Gov. Mike Easley's
request to have 59 counties statewide designated as disaster areas due to crop
losses caused by drought and extreme heat during 2008.

"I am pleased the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved our call to help
an industry that is a significant part of the North Carolina Economy," Easley
said in a press release. "While most parts of the state have now recovered from
the drought, that does not change the fact that many of our farmers suffered
crop losses due to drought for two straight years, and they need help to
recover."

The 59 counties declared as disaster areas include Lenoir, Greene and Jones
counties. The disaster declaration allows farmers to seek financial assistance
from the U.S. Farm Service Agency.

The assistance may include low interest emergency loans and access to the
supplemental revenue assistance program. Farmers who are eligible may contact
the Farm Service Agency office near them. The FSA offices' locations can be
found at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Farmers in Lenoir County may apply for emergency loans for physical and
production losses. The deadline for farmers to file an application for
assistance is July 1, 2009. The FSA in Kinston is located at 2026 Hwy. 11/55
with office hours from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081201-KI-Drought-conditions-diminish-1201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2008 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Disaster loans available for area ag producers

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 190 words


June 11--Family farmers in Navarro County and several surrounding counties may
qualify for Farm Service Agency Emergency Management Loan Assistance, in
accordance with section 321(a) of the Federal Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act.

In addition to Navarro County, ag producers in the following counties may be
eligible for assistance: Andrews, Blanco, Brazoria, Brazos, Caldwell, Chambers,
Comal, Cooke, Dawson, Denton, Ellis, Fort Bend, Freestone, Gaines, Galveston,
Grayson, Grimes, Guadalupe, Harris, Hays, Henderson, Hill, Hunt, Kaufman,
Liberty, Limestone, Madison, Martin, Montague, Montgomery, Rains, Smith, Terry,
Travis, Van Zandt, Walker, Waller, Washington, Wise, Wood, and Yoakum counties.

The assistance programs are as a result of extensive flooding that occurred in
the state during the first 10 days of May 2015.

Navarro County ag producers should contact the USDA Service Center at 4325 West
Highway 22 in Corsicana, or by phone at 903-872-5647.

___ (c)2015 the Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit the Corsicana Daily
Sun (Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150611-XQ-BRF-Disaster-loans
-available-for-area-ag-producers-0611-20150611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2015 Corsicana Daily Sun


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 29, 1989, Friday, City Edition

State requests federal disaster aid // Martinez wants loans for farms damaged by
cold

BYLINE: DAVID K. ROGERS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 719 words



Gov. Bob Martinez asked Thursday for federal low-interest loans for    Florida
farmers whose crops were damaged or destroyed by the freezing    weather that
swept across the state Christmas weekend.

     After touring South Florida farms earlier in the day, Martinez    returned
to Tallahassee and signed an executive order declaring a state    of emergency
and describing Florida as a disaster area. He then wrote    U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture Clayton Yeutter for the federal    assistance from the Farmers Home
Administration.

     "From what I have seen, there is no question that Florida has    suffered
devastating losses and that our state is a disaster area,"    Martinez said in a
prepared statement. "We must now do everything we    can to help those whose
lives and livelihoods have been ravaged by    unmerciful weather."

     If there is a silver lining to the weekend weather, which brought    record
low temperatures and repeated power outages throughout most of    the state,
it's that the region's long-lived water shortage has been    alleviated a bit.

     In fact, with a couple of days remaining in December, Central    Florida
rainfall totals are already double the monthly average of about    2 1/4 inches.


     "We had a very rainy December," said Maryellen Tuttell, water    shortage
coordinator for the Southwest Florida Water Management    District (Swiftmud).

     Not only did December's cold fronts push a good bit of rainfall    through
Florida, the numbing cold that followed last weekend's freeze    also suppressed
water consumption.

     "Even before the cold weather, we've had so much rain in the past    few
weeks that nobody in their right mind is going to be out there    watering
(their yards) right now," said Scott Emery , director of    environmental
services for the West Coast Regional Water Supply    Authority.

     Water levels in Florida's main aquifer, where most of the state's
drinking water comes from, have risen a little in recent weeks, though    not
nearly enough for water management officials to relax.

     In Tampa, the city's reservoir on the Hillsborough River is once    again
full because of increased river flow and constant pumping by the    regional
water authority from Hillsborough's flood-control bypass    canal.

     Emery said that aquifer levels were drawn down sharply in South
Hillsborough over the weekend after strawberry and citrus growers    frantically
tried to irrigate their fields to protect crops with a    layer of ice. That
worked for a time, but the battle was lost when    power companies began a
series of temporary blackouts to conserve    electricity, halting the big field
sprinklers.

     Although Martinez's executive order in itself does little to help    the
state's growers and farm workers, it begins a process that allows    the state
to seek federal financial assistance, first for farmers, then    perhaps later
for farm workers and others whose lives have been    disrupted by crop
destruction.

     The governor's letter to Yeutter asks that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) make low-interest loans available to farmers and
agricultural businesses to help them through the loss of the crops,    which
consists primarily of citrus fruit, vegetables, sugar cane,    commercial
nursery ornamentals and fish.

     Yeutter can either approve the loans with a stroke of his pen or    first
require that USDA officials conduct a county-by-county assessment    of the
damage to see if the state qualifies, according to Martinez's    spokesman Jon
Peck.

     Martinez also might ask that President Bush declare all or portions    of
the state a disaster. If Bush agrees, Peck said, it would trigger a    broader
scope of financial assistance programs, including farm worker    unemployment
assistance, small-business loans and low-income energy    loans for housing.

     Peck said that the farm fields Martinez saw Thursday should have no
problem qualifying for the first round of USDA assistance: "They've    just been
obliterated, from what I understand."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Charles Ledford; Ten-year-olds Justin Callen and Timmy
McQuay enjoy the return to Florida-like weather with their dogs Ash and Dana

                            Times Publishing Company


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 7, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Credit Banks Lose $762 Million in Quarter

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 20, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 445 words


The Farm Credit System, the nation's biggest agricultural lender, said yesterday
that it had a net loss of $762 million in its second quarter, reflecting
continuing poor conditions in agriculture and a big provision for future loan
losses.

In addition, the system said the summer drought might force Farm Credit banks in
the South and East to make substantial increases in their allowances for bad
loans during the second half of the year.

Farm Credit officials in July had announced that they expected a $600 million
loss in the quarter, compared with $5.6 million net income in the comparable
period of 1985.

'Unfavorable Trends' Cited

''The increase in the net loss for the second quarter of 1986 was primarily due
to continuing unfavorable trends in net interest income, provisions for loan
losses and losses on other property owned as compared to the first quarter of
this year,'' the system stated in a news release.

It said that in the quarter ended June 30 it had a loan-loss provision of $715
million, compared with $267 million a year earlier, raising the total allowance
for bad loans to $3.46 billion as of June 30, up from $3.18 billion on March 31.

The second-quarter net loss brought the system's losses for the first six months
of 1986 to $968 million, compared with net income of $96.2 million in the first
half of 1985. For all of 1985, the Farm Credit System posted a $2.69 billion
loss.

''The substantial provision for loan losses and the resulting net loss for the
first six months of 1986 are consistent with continuing unfavorable trends in
the agricultural economy,'' the news release stated.

''With the exception of the favorable impact of lower energy costs, lower
interest rates and favorable exchange rates, most other factors affecting the
agricultural economy remain unfavorable,'' the system said.

Effect of Drought Anticipated

Farm Credit also said that the system's banks and associations in the regions
affected by the drought were monitoring the effects of the drought on their loan
portfolios and ''may need to make significant additions to the allowance for
loan losses during the second half of this year to reflect additional loss
exposure.''

However, the system noted that Federal drought emergency programs should help
lessen the economic effects of the drought to some extent.

Net loans outstanding fell to $61.5 billion as of June 30, compared with $64.9
billion on March 31, while non-accruing loans rose to $7.6 billion, from $5.94
billion.

Farm Credit officials early last year predicted the system would need a Federal
bailout within 18 to 24 months. The latest results support that forecast.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 3, 1993 Tuesday

LENGTH: 496 words


WEST FARGO (AP) Ä Homeowners, farmers and the unemployed told their
flood-related troubles to disaster aid workers and began the wait for financial
relief Monday. Nearly 60 people registered in the first hour after the Federal
Emergency Management Agency opened its doors. The disaster application center
was one of four to assist flood victims in North Dakota.

Manager Don Moore, who coordinated disaster applications in Valley City last
week, said he did not know how many Fargo-area applicants to expect. ""We saw a
little over 100 a day in Valley City,'' Moore said. ""But I've heard this might
be a little bigger.'' Farmers in seed caps, who in any ordinary year would be
out in the fields, were filling out the paperwork for Farmers Home
Administration emergency loans. In another corner, home and business owners
negotiated for Small Business Administration loans and grants. FEMA spokesman
Steve Farrington said interest on longterm SBA loans was running between 4
percent and 8 percent. The real estate loan limit is $100,000 and, for renters,
the maximum personal property loan is $20,000. Housewife Connie Mayo thumbed
through a stack of snapshots as she waited, as if she were still trying to
believe the moldy walls and furniture were her own. In her lap was folded a pair
of children's shorts. Mayo, her husband and their three young children had just
moved into a new apartment when the rain started July 15. When it stopped the
next morning, the water was knee deep. ""Everything was still in boxes,'' she
said and sighed. ""I lost my bed, my couch, my car, all our clothes. There was
not much left. The stuff we did get out looked like this.'' Mayo held up the
shorts, the bright colors grayed by mildew. The American Red Cross put the
family up in a tiny motel room for six days, and they stayed with friends until
they could find a new home. ""We're all about to drive each other crazy,'' Mayo
said. ""But hopefully it's all over.'' She said she felt bitter about the time
it took Congress to approve disaster relief. ""I listened to it on my car
radio,'' she said. ""I had no place to live, no clothes to wear. And I had to
sit and listen and wait.'' Mayo, who estimated her losses at $3,000 to $4,000,
said she would be grateful for any aid she could get. Dozens of migrant workers
and their families crowded around tables for unemployed workers. Urban Weber,
regional manager for Job Service North Dakota, said 1,500 farm workers filed
disaster unemployment claims last week at a disaster center in Moorhead, Minn.
And he expected 500 in West Fargo. ""Normally, they would have been in the
fields last month doing work with the beets and potatoes,'' Weber said.
""Normally, if they can get up here and get some work, they can do fairly well.
But without some steady work it really gets tough. ""They will be able to file
for unemployment for the weeks they didn't work. And if they're available for
other work we'll help them to find jobs,'' Weber added.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            November 21, 1999 Sunday

Producers now turning to 'winter farming' ;
 Next year's agricultural problems must be addressed in near future

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 51

LENGTH: 870 words


With harvest in the bin, farmers are turning their attention to available farm
programs and next year's crops. Following is a summary of important dates and
programs:

Farmers have until Dec. 1 to sign up for insurance on a wide range of crops,
from apples to wheat, to take advantage of an estimated 25 percent premium
discount on crops raised next year.

Also, currently insured producers may increase their coverage before Dec. 1. The
amount of the discount will depend on crop prices and how many farmers choose to
insure or increase their production.

The next Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) general signup will be Jan. 18-Feb.
11 at U.S. Department of Agriculture local service centers.

USDA will continue to evaluate and rank eligible CRP offers using an
Environmental Benefits Index, which is based on the potential environmental
benefits gained from enrolling the land in the CRP. The Farm Service Agency is
authorized to maintain CRP enrollment up to 36.4 million acres. Approximately
31.5 million acres will be enrolled in CRP contracts as of Oct. 1. About 400,000
acres currently subject to CRP contracts will expire on Sept. 30, 2000.

The CRP is designed to improve the nation's natural resource base. Participants
voluntarily enter into contracts with USDA to enroll erodible and other
environmentally sensitive land in long- term contracts for 10 to 15 years. In
exchange, participants receive annual rental payments and a payment of up to 50
percent of the cost of establishing conservation practices.

Livestock producers can now sign up for compensation for losses that occurred
this year because of natural disasters that either destroyed livestock or
grazing resources, or both, under the Livestock Assistance Program.

"I'm not sure how many counties will be eligible," said Stan Wilson, production
adjustment program specialist with the Illinois State Farm Service Agency.
"Counties have to have had a 40 percent shortfall in precipitation. I think it
will have limited application in Illinois. It will be most applicable in areas
that lost livestock to floods or tornadoes."

Last week, a drought disaster assistance program was announced that encompasses
70 counties in Illinois, including Adams, Brown, Cass, Logan, McDonough, Mason,
Menard, Morgan, Sangamon, Schuyler and Scott as primary disaster areas. Also
eligible, because they are contiguous are Christian, DeWitt, Fulton, Greene,
Hancock, Henderson, McLean, Macon, Macoupin, Montgomery, Pike, Tazewell and
Warren.

The designation makes all family-sized farm operators in both primary and
contiguous counties eligible for low-interest emergency loans. Farmers have
eight months to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

Nearly all the funds for the Market Loss Assistance Program have been
distributed.

"The 2000 agricultural appropriations bill for emergency income loss payments
was signed into law in late October, and payments were out by Nov. 1 in 90
percent of the counties," said Wilson. "Some $5.5 billion was available, which
provided a doubling of farmers' 1999 payments. We issued $450 million in
Illinois, third in the nation behind Iowa and Texas."

More than 120,000 farmers in the state received aid. The average payment was
$3,715.

Loan deficiency payments are now available on harvested crops, said Stephen
Scates, state executive director of the Farm Service Agency. Farmers must sign
up at county FSA offices for all of their production acres or any part. So far,
179,000 loan deficiency payments have been granted.

"Last year, we paid out LDPs to 296,000 farmers, so there could be another
100,000 this year," said Scates.

Illinois producers can now receive up to $150, 000 on their 1999 crops. The
Agricultural Appropriations Act of 2000 amended the Agricultural Market
Transition Act to increase the payment limitation for loan deficiency payments
and marketing loan gains from $75,000 to $150,000 per person.

Details haven't been announced yet on the new disaster program, nor does it have
a name, but some $1.2 billion will be available to farmers. Wilson expects the
program to be similar to last year's Crop Loss Assistance Program, which
distributed $1.5 million to farmers.

"Stay tuned," said Wilson. "It's rumored that signup could begin as early as
Dec. 6."

Additional information is available on many of the programs at the USDA Web
site, www.usda.gov, then click on USDA news releases.

Wilson cautions farmers about growing fruits or vegetables on contract acres for
corn or soybeans.

"If you plant on contract acres and don't have a farm or production history for
fruit and vegetables, you can lose your crop payment, and be assessed a fruit
and vegetable tax," he said. "Without a farm or production history, there is
significant liability."

This is also the time to request a Production Flexibility Contract, in which
farmers select payment options of either 100 percent or two 50 percent payments.

"All farmers should have received these in the mail, but they need to return
them so we can get it loaded in the system," Wilson said. "Then, when it's time
to pay out, there won't be delays."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Matagorda and contiguous counties named primary natural disaster
areas

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:


USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Judith A. Canales
announced that Matagorda County was declared a disaster on July 2, 2014, due to
drought. Under this designation, which used the streamlined Secretarial Disaster
Designation process, producers in any of the primary or contiguous disaster
counties are eligible to apply for low interest emergency loans. The following
four counties were designated as contiguous disaster counties: Brazoria,
Calhoun, Jackson and Wharton.


The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year.
Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. As a general
rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production to be
eligible for an FSA emergency loan.
Under this designation, emergency loan applications will be accepted through
March 2, 2015. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.
Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
to a maximum amount of $500,000. The current emergency loan interest rate is
3.125 percent.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 27, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FARM BELT SENDS LOBBYISTS TO CAPITOL

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 26


Hundreds of lobbyists from the Farm Belt descended on Congress today as the
Senate continued to debate two proposals designed to make emergency loans more
available to farmers this spring.

Senate leaders acknowledged that the lobbyists had been successful in persuading
some Middle Western Republicans who face re-election next year to back the
measures. Both are sponsored mainly by Democrats and are firmly opposed by the
Reagan Administration and the Republican leadership in Congress.

The political character of the debate was highlighted today when Paul G. Kirk
Jr., the new chairman of the Democratic National Committee, appeared at a
Capitol Hill news conference with Democratic governors and legislators to
publicize party proposals on the issue.

Meese Issue Was Involved

Fearing that the Democrats might be able to pass their proposals, Republican
leaders postponed a vote tonight and threatened a filibuster. Senator Bob Dole
of Kansas, the majority leader, said that if the leadership could not defeat the
measures, ''we'll probably talk at length'' against them.

Just last week Democrats staged a filibuster against the nomination of Edwin
Meese 3d as Attorney General. As part of the agreement to end their stalling
tactics, the Democrats won the right to offer the proposals now before the
Senate.

When Senator Alan J. Dixon, an Illinois Democrat, took the Senate floor today
and demanded a prompt vote on farm credit, Senator Dole replied, ''That sounds
like a speech I gave last week.''



Reagan Opposes 'Add-Ons'

At the White House, Larry Speakes, chief spokesman, said President Reagan
''would not accept any add-ons'' to the Administration's farm credit program.
The original program was announced by the Administration in the political
campaign last fall, and was then revised last week under Congressional pressure.

John R. Block, Secretary of Agriculture, also raised the threat of a veto when
he wrote to Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia, the minority leader, ''I
want to advise you that should these measures pass the Congress that I will
strongly recommend that the President not sign them.''

One of the Democratic amendments, co-sponsored by Edward Zorinsky of Nebraska
and John Melcher of Montana, would liberalize many of the rules for two
farm-loan programs that make them difficult for borrowers and lenders to use.
Its main provision would allocate $100 million to subsidize interest rates
charged to farmers by banks on loans guaranteed by the Federal Government.

The second amendment, sponsored by Senator Dixon, would make it possible for
farmers this spring to obtain up to half the Government payments they usually
receive in the fall when they harvest their crops.

The proposals were offered as amendments to a bill providing $175 million in aid
for the starving in African countries. A similar famine relief measure was
adopted in the House today, 391 to 25.

The influx of Farm Belt lobbyists, many of them state legislators and officials,
has created an ''arena of emotion'' on Capitol Hill, as Senator Alan K. Simpson
of Wyoming, the Republican whip, put it.

Legislators Arrive in Group

That emotion was visible this afternoon when Senator Dole and Senator Jesse
Helms of North Carolina, the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, met in a
crowded room with more than 100 members of the South Dakota legislature, who
came here to support emergency farm credit.

Mr. Dole argued that additional help was not necessary, and that the ''biggest
problem'' facing Congress was reducing the Federal deficit. ''We have to start
saying no, and I hope we start today,'' Mr. Dole told the legislators.

Walter Bones, a legislator from Parker, S.D., retorted that the proposals now on
the Senate floor ''are going to cost hardly anything.'' ''I don't think you
understand that,'' Mr. Bones, a Republican, added angrily.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 469 words


Staff and wire reports

Bloomington

State Farm CEO first new leader since 1985

State Farm Insurance Cos. says chief operating officer Michael Tipsord will
become the private company's next CEO in September and its first new leader
since the mid-1980s.

In a statement Thursday, the Bloomington-based company said Tipsord will take
over for CEO Ed Rust Jr. Rust has been CEO since 1985. The 64-year-old Rust will
remain chairman of the company's board.

Rust said Tipsord has a deep understanding of the insurance marketplace
developed over a 27-year career with State Farm, according to The Pantagraph in
Bloomington. Rust credited Tipsord for working with him as a partner leading the
company.

Tipsord called the time he's spent working with Rust "a privilege."

State Farm is one of the country's largest insurance companies and Bloomington's
biggest employer, with about 15,000 employees.

Chicago

Drink mas? New Taco Bell to serve alcohol

Taco Bell says it will serve beer, wine and "mixed alcohol freezes" at a new
location set to open in Chicago this summer.

The chain, owned by Yum Brands Inc., says the restaurant will have a new design
it's testing in urban markets. It says the layout has already been launched in
South Korea, Japan and the United Kingdom.

A rendering of the design shows a row of lime-green stools along a bar that
peers into an open kitchen, flanked by an exposed brick wall.

The chain says the location "will highlight the work of local artists" to give
it a neighborhood feel.

The new layout is the latest sign Taco Bell is working to shed its fast-food
image and appeal to millennials, who marketers say prefer places and products
that seem less cookie-cutter and more "authentic." Wendy's, which also is trying
to recast itself as a step up from traditional fast food, has been pushing a
remodeling of restaurants that features more inviting and mixed seating options.

The push to embrace a new image extends to food as well. Taco Bell announced
last month that it would drop artificial flavors and colors from its menu by the
end of this year, although co-branded products like the Doritos Locos tacos
would be exempt.

Springfield

Loans available for tornado recovery in nine counties

Illinois officials say low-interest, long-term loans will be available to
families and businesses in nine northern Illinois counties recovering from the
April 9 tornado.

The Illinois Emergency Management Agency made the announcement Thursday. The
loan assistance through the U.S. Small Business Administration was approved
following a survey of uninsured losses in the region.

The loans will be available to people in DeKalb, Boone, Kane, Kendall, LaSalle,
Lee, McHenry, Ogle and Winnebago counties.

State officials say the federal agency will announce details about a Disaster
Loan Outreach Center soon.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Stone County Enterprise (Wiggins, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2012

Claims process for Issac winding down

BYLINE: Stone County Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 550  words


STONE COUNTY -This is the final week for Mississippians to visit the four
remaining FEMA disaster recovery centers.

Although the centers will close, Mississippians can continue to register over
the phone or online through Oct. 31.

In Stone County, 123 claims applications were issued to homeowners, yet only 18
have been returned.

Businesses received 21 claims applications and just one has been returned.

Disaster recovery officials are concerned many homeowners and renters with
Hurricane Isaac losses could miss out on valuable grants and low-interest loans
by not returning completed applications to the U.S. Small Business
Administration.

"This is a win-win situation for everybody who received a disaster loan
application from the SBA, even id they're leaning away from a loan," said
Mississippi Emergency Management Director Robert Latham. "If the SBA is not able
to approve your home-loan application, you could be referred back to FEMA for a
possible grant.

"And if you qualify for a loan, there is no obligation to take it."

SBA representatives are at each of the MEMA/FEMA Disaster recovery Centers and
SBA Business Recovery Centers to provide infor loans and offer assistance filing
disaster loan applications.

To locate a center or learn more about SBA disaster loans, call l-8oo-659-2955,
(TTY) 1-800-877-8339 for the deaf and hard of hearing or send an email to
disastercustomerservice@s ba.gov

All MEMA/FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers will close for good at 6 p.m. Friday.

The following centers will close Friday:

Hancock County Resource Center, 454 Highway 90, Waveland, MS 39576.

Harrison County, County Farm Road 361 Shelter, 15035 County Farm Road, Gulfport,
MS 39503.

Jackson County Fairgrounds, 4761 Vega Street, Pascagoula, MS 39567.

Pearl River County, Mississippi National Guard Armory, 1251-B Highway 11 South,
Picayune, MS 39466.

FEMA also announced that victims of Isaac who had let flood insurance lapse may
still be able to receive federal disaster assistance.

Survivors who received their policies through a FEMA grant but let their
policies lapse are ineligible for federal disaster loans or grants to be used
for home repairs.

However, FEMA is reaching out to them because they are eligible for grants that
would pay for a temporary place to stay if their primary residence is
uninhabitable as a result of the storm.

Some insurance policies are issued under a FEMA Group Flood Insurance Policy,
which are funded by a portion of a survivor's FEMA grant money.

Once policies expire after three years, renters and homeowners are required to
purchase and maintain flood insurance policies from the National Flood Insurance
Program to continue their insurance protection.

Only survivors who have maintained their NFIP policies can be considered for
home repair disaster grants or loans if the property had damages during
Hurricane Isaac. However, all survivors are eligible to be considered for grants
that would pay for temporary housing assistance.

Survivors with uninsured or underinsured damages can register online at
www.disas-terassistance.gov or via smartphone at m.fema.gov. They may also call
1-800-621-3362 or (TTY) 1-800-462-7585.

Those who use 711 Relay or Video Relay Services may call 1-800-621-3362.

The toll-free telephone numbers are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. seven days a
week.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 Stone County Enterprise


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bankers, Governor Confer in W.Va. On Flood Damage

                           November 26, 1985, Tuesday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, W.Va


West Virginia Gov. Arch A. Moore Jr. has met with state bankers to discuss the
effects of recent flooding that resulted in extensive property damage to
thousands of homes.

The governor said he wanted to find out what property damage occurred to the
banks as well as their post-disaster financial condition.

At least a dozen West Virginia towns were stricken by the flood, which tore
houses from their foundations - leaving nearly 9,000 people homeless - and
destroyed hundreds of businesses.

State and federal banking regulators say they do not anticipate any immediate
problems with the financial health of banks in the affected areas.

But bankers are concerned about the long-term impact of the flooding, because of
businesses that have suffered major inventory damage or will not reopen, farms
that have lost topsoil, and property values that may depreciate.

Steve Katsanos, a spokesman for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in
Washington, D.C., said potential damage from natural disasters is ''one of the
things we expect banks to factor into loan-making activities. We certainly hope
they figured that into their loan-making activities. They may have insurance to
cover that.''

Once the FDIC receives certification of a region as a disaster area, Mr.
Katsanos said, it can suspend interest penalties if depositors want to withdraw
funds from savings certificates. The certification comes from the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

Kevin Thomas, the state's deputy commissioner of banking, said it is too early
to know how much of an impact the flooding will have on banks in affected areas.
There will be an impact on earnings for those banks, Mr.  Thomas said, but most
banks in West Virginia are pretty highly capitalized and should be able to
withstand the financial damage.

Mr. Thomas also said federal regulations require flood insurance before lenders
can make loans.

He said banks have short-term problems just getting back into service because
their buildings were flooded and damaged. Most are open with at least limited
financial services, Mr. Thomas said.

But one leading state banker, who requested not to be named, said the financial
damages will vary from bank to bank, depending on each institution's individual
lending practices and how much of their lending portfolio is for property in the
flooded areas.

''Most, if they were prudent lenders, would have required some flood
insurance,'' the banker said. ''But I'm sure there's a deductibility clause.''

He also suggested that there are worries about the long-term effects of the
flooding. For example, he said, small businesses that were marginal to begin
with probably will not survive the damage and will have to close. Farms that
lost topsoil could be less productive; land that was flooded could lose value.

Bankers are interested not only in their own collateral in the affected areas,
but also in what they can do to help banks in the stricken areas, he said.

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 495 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Arizona Range News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

Financial help for small farmers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 168  words


The Farm Service Agency has loans for farmers and ranchers who are unable to
obtain credit elsewhere. Here's what is available:

Low interest loans, great terms for those in need.

Helping farmers with limited financial resources.

Assisting with recovery from natural disasters.

Special focus: beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers.

Farm Ownership Loan (FO): Maximum: $300,000; Terms: Up to 40 years; and Rates
(as of 02/01/2009): Now 3.75 percent.

Operating Loan (OL): Maximum: $300,000; Terms: 1 to 7 years; and Rates (as of
02/01/2009): Now 2.125 percent.

Emergency Loan: Maximum: $500,000; Terms: 1 to 40 years; and Rates (as of
02/01/2009): Now 3.750 percent.

Guaranteed Loans (FO & OL): Maximum: $1,094,000; Terms: By lender; and Rates (as
of 02/012009): By lender, commercial rates.

Contact the Cochise County USDA Service Center to see if you qualify. United
States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, 658 North Bisbee Ave.,
Willcox, 85643, Phone: (520) 384-3588 ext. 2 or website:

www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Arizona Range News


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Offers Assistance to Carolina Farmers and Ranchers Affected by
Floods

LENGTH: 925 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Phoenix: Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers,
families and small businesses affected by the recent floods in North and South
Carolina that USDA has programs to assist with their recovery efforts. State and
county staff in USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS), Farm Service Agency
(FSA), Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), Risk Management Agency
(RMA) and Rural Development (RD) offices stand ready to help.



 "The catastrophic flooding in the Carolinas has caused unimaginable hardship
for many producers, including farmers who are waiting for fields to dry so they
can assess the damage and harvest what is salvageable of their crops," said FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini. "I encourage producers who experienced losses to take
advantage of available disaster assistance programs and loans to alleviate part
of the financial burden caused by devastating floods."



 Dolcini adds that farmers and ranchers should contact their FSA office to set
an appointment during this busy season. He said it is important to learn what
documents can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records,
receipts and pictures of damages or losses.



 FSA administers a suite of safety-net programs to help producers recover from
eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, Emergency
Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance Program. Additionally,
the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical assistance
for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disasters.
Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous disaster
designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them recover
from production and physical losses. Compensation is also available to producers
who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that result in
lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and RMA. Producers must file a
Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops including grasses in a timely
fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or when the losses become
apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify FSA of damage or loss
within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first becomes apparent.



 USDA's NRCS can also help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by
natural disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives
Program (EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive
soil erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding.
Conservation practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in
recovery, can build the natural resource base, and may help mitigate loss in
future events. For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to
life and property, such as those declared this week in South Carolina, NRCS can
assist local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts
like debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource
concerns and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program.



 "The flood event taking place in North and South Carolina is of historic
proportions. As the flood waters recede, we may begin seeing land damage such as
erosion that happened not only during the rainfall events, but was caused by the
receding waters," said NRCS Chief Jason Weller. "It is critical that farmers,
ranchers and forestland owners have financial and technical resources available
to protect their natural resources and operations now and as recovery from these
disasters begins."



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses.



 "No one knows if or when situations like the floods that have devastated the
Carolinas may happen. Federal crop insurance provides an effective farm safety
net to help farmers recover," said RMA Administrator Brandon Willis.



 Producers should report crop damage within 72 hours of damage discovery and
follow up in writing within15 days.



 USDA's FNS coordinates with state, local and voluntary organizations to provide
food for shelters and other mass feeding sites; and issue Disaster Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program benefits. Under certain circumstances, states also
can release, with FNS approval, USDA Foods to disaster relief agencies to
distribute directly to households that are in need.



 When floods destroy or severely damage residential property, RD can assist with
providing priority hardship application processing for single family housing.
Under a disaster designation, RD can issue a priority letter for next available
multi-family housing units. RD also provides low-interest loans to community
facilities, water environmental programs, businesses and cooperatives and to
rural utilities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    The North Weld Herald (Eaton, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2012

Gov. declares disaster counties

BYLINE: The North Weld Herald staff

LENGTH: 145  words


Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper recently declared all Colorado counties as
primary or contiguous disaster counties due to drought and related disasters
that have occurred in 2012.

This designation makes all family-sized farm operators in primary and contiguous
counties eligible to be considered for low interest emergency (EM) loans from
Farm Service Agency (FSA) provided eligibility requirements are met.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available, repayment ability and other
eligibility requirements.

The deadline for filing application is March 4, 2013.

For applications and further information please contact your local Farm Service
Agency County Office or the following office:

Farm Service Agency

Attn: Bryan Cook,

Farm Loan Manager

57 West Bromley Lane

Brighton, CO 80601 303 -659-0525, Ext. 2

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The North Weld Herald


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 27, 1984, Monday, Final Edition

Pressure Yields An Increase In Farm Loans

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; The Federal Triangle; A9

LENGTH: 326 words


Under pressure from Congress and the courts, the Reagan administration has
approved an additional $7.6 million in direct lending by the Farmers Home
Administration under the agency's "economic emergency" program to help
hard-pressed farmers, officials said Friday.

The funds approved by the Office of Management and Budget raise the direct
lending under the economic emergency program to $57.6 million, most of which
will go to states where FmHA directors got a foot in the door before White House
budget officials slammed it shut.

Agriculture Secretary John R. Block had refused to extend the program beyond
Sept. 30, 1981. But last September, U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Flannery
ordered Block to resume the program at the $600 million lending level Congress
had provided. The program reopened Dec. 22.

But the budget office directed that only $50 million was to be provided in
lower-interest "insured" loans made directly by FmHA. The remaining $550 million
was to be in guarantees, meaning borrowers would have to negotiate with
commercial banks for loans.

The agency halted further direct economic emergency loans as of Jan. 13, but not
before a number of state offices had obligated or approved loans well above the
limit set by White House budget officials.

FmHA will proceed with loans in the pipeline, making a total of $57.6 million to
578 borrowers in 35 states. Although all states were initially given a share, no
direct economic emergency lending has been approved for those that did not act
quickly when the program resumed.

Questions have been raised in Congress over the White House role in the
resurrected economic emergency loan program, particularly because the program
traditionally involved direct loans primarily.

The allocations also are under scrutiny by the court. Judge Thomas Penfield
Jackson recently told the government to explain why the restored loan program
was held to $50 million in direct loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, John R. Block . . . had refused to extend loan program.

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senator Scott Encourages Residents to Stay Vigilant as Flooding
Continues in Several Communities

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Scott has issued the following news
release:



 As the Lowcountry of South Carolina braces for more flooding tomorrow and this
weekend, U.S. Senator Tim Scott (R-SC) today encouraged residents along the
coast to stay aware of their surroundings. In the next 8-12 hours, Georgetown
will begin to see rising water along the Pee Dee and Black Rivers, and Pawley's
Island, Jamestown and areas below Givhans Ferry are preparing for serious
flooding. Multiple communities along rivers across the state, including the
Santee, Edisto and Ashley rivers, are also in danger of flooding. Flooding in
parts of the Lowcountry is expected to last for up to 12 days. Residents with
storm and flood-related questions can call the South Carolina Emergency
Management Division's 24-hour Public Information Phone System at 1-866-246-0133
or retrieve information online at www.scemd.org.





 At stops today in Sumter, S.C. and Manning, S.C., Senator Scott also
highlighted various recovery assistance options for South Carolina communities.
Individuals and households impacted flooding in sixteen counties can now apply
online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362).



 Individual Assistance (IA) is currently available for individuals and
households in Berkley, Calhoun, Charleston, Clarendon, Dorchester, Darlington,
Florence, Georgetown, Horry, Lee, Lexington, Kershaw, Orangeburg, Richland,
Sumter and Williamsburg that were impacted by severe storms and flooding on
October 1, 2015 and onward.  Individuals and Households in impacted counties
that have yet to be declared eligible by the Obama Administration for assistance
are still encouraged to begin the process of registering with FEMA for possible
future relief.  The state and federal government continue to assess damage in
additional counties.



 Public Assistance (PA) is currently available for State, Tribal and local
governments, and certain types of nonprofit organizations to provide assistance
for emergency work and the repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities
in Berkeley, Charleston, Clarendon, Dorchester, Georgetown, Horry, Lexington,
Orangeburg, Richland, Sumter, and Williamsburg Counties.



 Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) - This is the Federal agency
primarily tasked with assisting in disaster. Its main Individual Assistance
Program is the Individual and Households Program (IHP). The maximum IHP award
during the Federal fiscal year is $33,000.  This award is not dependent on the
ability to repay a loan.



     Housing Assistance: Those who are displaced from their primary residence
and are uninsured or under-insured may be eligible for assistance. This
assistance includes temporary housing, housing repair, housing replacement, and
in rare instances permanent and semi-permanent housing.



     Other Needs Assistance: This may be used for medical, dental, and funeral
expenses caused by the disaster. Personal property, transportation, and moving
and storage assistance may also be eligible.



     Disaster Legal Services: Low-income disaster survivors that have
disaster-related legal needs including contractor issues, insurance claims,
replacing legal documents, and landlord/tenant issues.



     Disaster Unemployment Assistance:  Unemployment and re-employment
assistance is available to individuals who lost their business or job due to the
disaster.



     Crisis Counseling Assistance: A wide range of services are available to
assist individuals and communities in recovering from disasters.



 Small Business Administration (SBA) - In federally declared disasters, as well
as in non-federally declared disasters that meet certain thresholds, the SBA can
provide loans to individuals and businesses that have sustained disaster-related
property or equipment damage, who have suffered a loss of income, or who need
additional funding to cover operating expenses while working to reopen.



     Home Physical Disaster Loans: Homeowners and renters may apply for this
loan to repair or replace real estate and/or personal property damaged by a
disaster.



     Business Physical Disaster Loans: Businesses of any size may apply for this
loan to repair or replace property owned by the business that was damaged by a
disaster.



     Economic Injury Disaster Loans: Working capital loans for small businesses,
small agriculture cooperatives, and many non-profit organizations affected by
disaster to meet their financial obligations. These loans assist through the
disaster recovery period.



 United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency (USDA FSA) - The
USDA FSA provides assistance in the event of crop loss, livestock loss, or
damage to farm property resulting from drought, flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes,
pest infestation, and other emergencies.



 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) - After a disaster, the IRS is sometimes able to
provide tax relief, adjustments, filing deadline extensions, and refunds to help
taxpayers and businesses recover financially from the impact of a disaster.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senator Scott Encourages Residents to Stay Vigilant as Flooding
Continues in Several Communities

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Scott has issued the following news
release:



 As the Lowcountry of South Carolina braces for more flooding tomorrow and this
weekend, U.S. Senator Tim Scott (R-SC) today encouraged residents along the
coast to stay aware of their surroundings. In the next 8-12 hours, Georgetown
will begin to see rising water along the Pee Dee and Black Rivers, and Pawley's
Island, Jamestown and areas below Givhans Ferry are preparing for serious
flooding. Multiple communities along rivers across the state, including the
Santee, Edisto and Ashley rivers, are also in danger of flooding. Flooding in
parts of the Lowcountry is expected to last for up to 12 days. Residents with
storm and flood-related questions can call the South Carolina Emergency
Management Division's 24-hour Public Information Phone System at 1-866-246-0133
or retrieve information online at www.scemd.org.





 At stops today in Sumter, S.C. and Manning, S.C., Senator Scott also
highlighted various recovery assistance options for South Carolina communities.
Individuals and households impacted flooding in sixteen counties can now apply
online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362).



 Individual Assistance (IA) is currently available for individuals and
households in Berkley, Calhoun, Charleston, Clarendon, Dorchester, Darlington,
Florence, Georgetown, Horry, Lee, Lexington, Kershaw, Orangeburg, Richland,
Sumter and Williamsburg that were impacted by severe storms and flooding on
October 1, 2015 and onward.  Individuals and Households in impacted counties
that have yet to be declared eligible by the Obama Administration for assistance
are still encouraged to begin the process of registering with FEMA for possible
future relief.  The state and federal government continue to assess damage in
additional counties.



 Public Assistance (PA) is currently available for State, Tribal and local
governments, and certain types of nonprofit organizations to provide assistance
for emergency work and the repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities
in Berkeley, Charleston, Clarendon, Dorchester, Georgetown, Horry, Lexington,
Orangeburg, Richland, Sumter, and Williamsburg Counties.



 Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) - This is the Federal agency
primarily tasked with assisting in disaster. Its main Individual Assistance
Program is the Individual and Households Program (IHP). The maximum IHP award
during the Federal fiscal year is $33,000.  This award is not dependent on the
ability to repay a loan.



     Housing Assistance: Those who are displaced from their primary residence
and are uninsured or under-insured may be eligible for assistance. This
assistance includes temporary housing, housing repair, housing replacement, and
in rare instances permanent and semi-permanent housing.



     Other Needs Assistance: This may be used for medical, dental, and funeral
expenses caused by the disaster. Personal property, transportation, and moving
and storage assistance may also be eligible.



     Disaster Legal Services: Low-income disaster survivors that have
disaster-related legal needs including contractor issues, insurance claims,
replacing legal documents, and landlord/tenant issues.



     Disaster Unemployment Assistance:  Unemployment and re-employment
assistance is available to individuals who lost their business or job due to the
disaster.



     Crisis Counseling Assistance: A wide range of services are available to
assist individuals and communities in recovering from disasters.



 Small Business Administration (SBA) - In federally declared disasters, as well
as in non-federally declared disasters that meet certain thresholds, the SBA can
provide loans to individuals and businesses that have sustained disaster-related
property or equipment damage, who have suffered a loss of income, or who need
additional funding to cover operating expenses while working to reopen.



     Home Physical Disaster Loans: Homeowners and renters may apply for this
loan to repair or replace real estate and/or personal property damaged by a
disaster.



     Business Physical Disaster Loans: Businesses of any size may apply for this
loan to repair or replace property owned by the business that was damaged by a
disaster.



     Economic Injury Disaster Loans: Working capital loans for small businesses,
small agriculture cooperatives, and many non-profit organizations affected by
disaster to meet their financial obligations. These loans assist through the
disaster recovery period.



 United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency (USDA FSA) - The
USDA FSA provides assistance in the event of crop loss, livestock loss, or
damage to farm property resulting from drought, flood, fire, freeze, tornadoes,
pest infestation, and other emergencies.



 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) - After a disaster, the IRS is sometimes able to
provide tax relief, adjustments, filing deadline extensions, and refunds to help
taxpayers and businesses recover financially from the impact of a disaster.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 27, 1984 Friday

Better prices, exports helping farmers

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 1251 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
 Canada's farmers are slowly recovering from their financial difficulties,
 helped by better prices, higher export volumes and windfall profits from
 the decline in the value of the dollar.

Federal statistics indicate that many farmers are buying land,
 increasing the scale of their operations and diversifying into other
 areas.

However, significant numbers of the country's 300,000 farmers remain in
 serious financial condition. Thousands are going out of business every
 year or working part time to make ends meet.

And there are signs that the disparity between the rich farmer and the
 poor farmer is growing every year.

Nobody knows how many farmers are in trouble, but federal bankruptcy
 statistics show that the problem is worsening. The number of farm
 bankruptcies has risen by 37 per cent so far this year to 313. The number
 in Quebec has doubled to 101 and there has been a disturbing increase in
 the Prairie Provinces.

The most common cause for these failures is high interest rates. As
 Ontario Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell said: "Credit is the most
 important issue facing Canadian farmers today."
    The average farmer has a debt load of $70,000, split evenly between
 short- and long-term loans. Many beginning farmers are more than $200,000
 in debt and most beef and hog producers borrow heavily to finance their
 daily operations.

As a result, the national farm debt has climbed to $21-billion and
 interest costs have risen to $1.86-billion a year. This represents 15 per
 cent of total farm operating costs.

A high percentage of these loans are carried at a floating rate, making
 the farmer extremely sensitive to changes in the economy. The prime rate
 has risen by 2.5 percentage points since March and is expected to move
 higher. That could drive thousands more farmers out of business.

Many farmers are finding credit difficult to obtain. The banks
 tightened their lending policies after a disastrous foray into the farm
 market in the late 1970s and government agencies cannot obtain nearly
 enough capital to fill the demand. The federal Farm Credit Corp. approved
 loans of $758.1-million in the 1983-84 crop year, bringing its total
 lending to $4.9-billion.

To worsen the situation, the value of prime land has fallen by 20 per
 cent in Ontario and more elsewhere. This has lowered the value of farmers'
 collateral and further restricted their access to capital.

The federal and provincial governments have introduced a plethora of
 emergency assistance plans to keep farmers in business. The vast majority
 are loans or grants subsidized by the taxpayer and dependent on political
 whims.

While these ad hoc payments are politically desirable - among farmers,
 at least - they are so expensive that most governments have tried to
 extricate themselves. In recent years, this has often been accomplished by
 reorganizing the more troubled sectors to make them economically viable.

The federal Government's marketing boards are one successful example of
 this trend. They were introduced in the early 1970s to prevent a
 recurrence of the "chicken wars" between farmers in different provinces.

These boards are popular with farmers because they eliminate price
 cycles and pass costs on to the consumer. And they are popular with
 governments because they stabilize the industry and remove the need for
 emergency assistance at no cost to the treasury.

In recent years, Ontario has taken a free market approach to achieve
 the same end. It has subsidized the construction of storage installations
 and processing plants to improve the marketability of locally grown fruit
 and vegetables.

This project has not been cheap - the bill has risen to $30-million in
 three years. But the province is hoping for a remedy that will raise farm
 incomes, create jobs and replace imports.

Another Ontario program would improve the beef marketing system and
 place the troubled livestock sector back on its feet. Under one proposal,
 the province would sell all cattle in the province on behalf of the
 farmer; under another, it would collect and publish all sales data, so
 that farmers can market their cattle more effectively.

A provincial task force is studying these proposals and is expected to
 report in the next few weeks.

There is another way to stabilize the industry, which requires neither
 taxpayers' money nor government time - financial review committees.
 Manitoba has used these panels for about a year to mediate disputes
 between banks and insolvent farmers.

In most cases, farms were saved simply by postponing the foreclosure
 until after the crop or the livestock were ready for sale.

The federal and provincial agricultural ministers discussed two other
 proposals at their meeting in Winnipeg this week. On the first day of the
 meeting, the ministers set up a committee to study the potential of
 agribonds as a means of raising capital.

The bonds would be sold through the investment community at a low
 interest rate in return for tax incentives. The proceeds would be lent to
 farmers at a rate well below the market.

While many details have to be worked out, government officials estimate
 that $500-million to $2-billion could be raised every year.

Tripartite stabilization is another concept that has been toyed with
 for many years. Although the three federal parties and at least six
 provincial governments are in favor, the enabling legislation died on the
 order paper when Parliament was dissolved last month.

The concept of stabilization can be compared with an income insurance
 scheme that guarantees farmers a minimum price for their cattle and
 insulates them from the wide price cycles that have driven so many farmers
 into bankruptcy.

Despite all the gloomy talk, most farmers are doing well. They are not
 so prosperous as during the mid-1970s, but farm incomes are rising slowly
 across the country.

Statistics Canada has estimated that net farm income will rise this
 year by 6.5 per cent to $3.9-billion. While this is below the rate of
 inflation, it is considerably better than the 2 per cent drop last year.

The federal agency will be updating these estimates this week to
 account for changes in the weather, interest rates and the international
 marketplace.

The income estimates vary widely between provinces and commodities.
 Strong potato prices are expected to lift New Brunswick farm income by 20
 per cent and that of Prince Edward Island by 15 per cent. If the forecasts
 bear true, P.E.I. farmers will earn twice the income of 1982, when potato
 prices were dismal.

However, Alberta expects an income decline of 4.5 per cent and Manitoba
 a decline of 26 per cent, largely because of the poor livestock returns
 earlier this year.

While these income figures are, for the most part, optimistic, they
 disguise the damaging impact of inflation on farm incomes. In Ontario, for
 example, farm incomes have fallen by 50 per cent since 1974 after
 acounting for inflation.
                         1984 FARM REVENUE FORECAST
                                 ($ million)
                                              TOTAL
                              CROPS LIVESTOCK RECEIPTS
 NEWFOUNDLAND       6  31        37
 PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND  112 76    194
 NOVA SCOTIA       50  184       244
 NEW BRUNSWICK     84  123       217
 QUEBEC           463  2,283     2,987
 ONTARIO        1,887  3,249     5,253
 MANITOBA       1,057  665       1,747
 SASKATCHEWAN   3,518  698       4,241
 ALBERTA        2,049  1,783     3,853
 BRITISH COLUMBIA  329 576       945
 CANADA         9,554  9,670     19,719
 Source: Statistics Canada.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA offers assistance to Carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
floods

LENGTH: 803 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Natural Resources Conservation Service has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers affected
by the recent floods in North and South Carolina that USDA has programs to
assist with their recovery efforts. State and county staff in USDA's Farm
Service Agency (FSA), Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) and Risk
Management Agency (RMA) stand ready to help.





 "The catastrophic flooding in the Carolinas has caused unimaginable hardship
for many producers, including farmers who are waiting for fields to dry so they
can assess the damage and harvest what is salvageable of their crops," said FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini. "I encourage producers who experienced losses to take
advantage of available disaster assistance programs and loans to alleviate part
of the financial burden caused by devastating floods."



 Dolcini adds that farmers and ranchers should contact their FSA office to set
an appointment during this busy season. He said it is important to learn what
documents can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records,
receipts and pictures of damages or losses.



 FSA administers a suite of safety-net programs to help producers recover from
eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, Emergency
Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance Program. Additionally,
the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical assistance
for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disasters.
Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous disaster
designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them recover
from production and physical losses. Compensation is also available to producers
who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that result in
lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and RMA. Producers must file a
Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops including grasses in a timely
fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or when the losses become
apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify FSA of damage or loss
within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first becomes apparent.



 USDA's NRCS can also help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by
natural disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives
Program (EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive
soil erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding.
Conservation practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in
recovery, can build the natural resource base, and may help mitigate loss in
future events. For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to
life and property, such as those declared this week in South Carolina, NRCS can
assist local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts
like debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource
concerns and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program.



 "The flood event taking place in North and South Carolina is of historic
proportions. As the flood waters recede, we may begin seeing land damage such as
erosion that happened not only during the rainfall events, but was caused by the
receding waters," said NRCS Chief Jason Weller. "It is critical that farmers,
ranchers and forestland owners have financial and technical resources available
to protect their natural resources and operations now and as recovery from these
disasters begins."



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses.



 "No one knows if or when situations like the floods that have devastated the
Carolinas may happen. Federal crop insurance provides an effective farm safety
net to help farmers recover," said RMA Administrator Brandon Willis.



 Producers should report crop damage within 72 hours of damage discovery and
follow up in writing within15 days. They should have Farm Service Agency
documents that provide the number of acres and locations of insured crops ready
to show the adjuster.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Offers Assistance to Carolina Farmers and Ranchers Affected by
Floods

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers,
families and small businesses affected by the recent floods in North and South
Carolina that USDA has programs to assist with their recovery efforts. State and
county staff in USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS), Farm Service Agency
(FSA), Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), Risk Management Agency
(RMA) and Rural Development (RD) offices stand ready to help.



 "The catastrophic flooding in the Carolinas has caused unimaginable hardship
for many producers, including farmers who are waiting for fields to dry so they
can assess the damage and harvest what is salvageable of their crops," said FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini. "I encourage producers who experienced losses to take
advantage of available disaster assistance programs and loans to alleviate part
of the financial burden caused by devastating floods."



 Dolcini adds that farmers and ranchers should contact their FSA office to set
an appointment during this busy season. He said it is important to learn what
documents can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records,
receipts and pictures of damages or losses.



 FSA administers a suite of safety-net programs to help producers recover from
eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, Emergency
Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance Program. Additionally,
the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical assistance
for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disasters.
Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous disaster
designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them recover
from production and physical losses. Compensation is also available to producers
who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that result in
lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and RMA. Producers must file a
Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops including grasses in a timely
fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or when the losses become
apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify FSA of damage or loss
within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first becomes apparent.



 USDA's NRCS can also help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by
natural disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives
Program (EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive
soil erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding.
Conservation practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in
recovery, can build the natural resource base, and may help mitigate loss in
future events. For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to
life and property, such as those declared this week in South Carolina, NRCS can
assist local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts
like debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource
concerns and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program.



 "The flood event taking place in North and South Carolina is of historic
proportions. As the flood waters recede, we may begin seeing land damage such as
erosion that happened not only during the rainfall events, but was caused by the
receding waters," said NRCS Chief Jason Weller. "It is critical that farmers,
ranchers and forestland owners have financial and technical resources available
to protect their natural resources and operations now and as recovery from these
disasters begins."



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses.



 "No one knows if or when situations like the floods that have devastated the
Carolinas may happen. Federal crop insurance provides an effective farm safety
net to help farmers recover," said RMA Administrator Brandon Willis.



 Producers should report crop damage within 72 hours of damage discovery and
follow up in writing within15 days.



 USDA's FNS coordinates with state, local and voluntary organizations to provide
food for shelters and other mass feeding sites; and issue Disaster Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program benefits. Under certain circumstances, states also
can release, with FNS approval, USDA Foods to disaster relief agencies to
distribute directly to households that are in need.



 When floods destroy or severely damage residential property, RD can assist with
providing priority hardship application processing for single family housing.
Under a disaster designation, RD can issue a priority letter for next available
multi-family housing units. RD also provides low-interest loans to community
facilities, water environmental programs, businesses and cooperatives and to
rural utilities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

USDA Frees Up $333M to Guarantee More Farm Loans

                             July 6, 1999, Tuesday

Alan Kline


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is freeing up $333 million to meet
unprecedented demand for government-backed farm loans.

Agriculture Department Secretary Dan Glickman said last week that the agency is
shifting funds from its underused direct-lending program into an indirect
program that provides guarantees to banks that lend to farmers. Demand for farm
loans is up 70% so far this year, leaving the $1.3 billion indirect program out
of money with three months left in the fiscal year.

"We have already exhausted the additional emergency loan and guaranteed
operating loan funds provided in the supplemental appropriations bill" signed by
President Clinton in May, Mr. Glickman said.

The demand is being fueled by continued low crop prices. Making less on their
crops, farmers are borrowing more to keep farms operating.

The banking industry applauded the USDA's decision to reallocate funds. John
Blanchfield, manager of the agricultural bankers division at the American
Bankers Association, said applications are backed up all over the country
because the money to guarantee loans ran out.

"This is going to clear up a huge backlog and get us through the rest of the
fiscal year," he said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKET MONITOR; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 218 words

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Helps Eastern North Carolina Recover after Matthew

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 When Hurricane Matthew hit last month, disaster struck as high flood waters
devastated communities up and down the East Coast. Agricultural producers in
Eastern North Carolina were hit especially hard and suffered devastating losses
to crops, livestock, and property.





 Secretary Vilsack recently designated 39 counties in North Carolina as primary
natural disaster areas, in addition to 15 contiguous counties. This week, I
traveled to the state to visit some of the communities that were affected. I saw
a peanut farm littered with uprooted plants and cracked shells. I met with an
organic tobacco producer whose top soil had completely washed away. I visited a
sweet potato and soybean farm that suffered hundreds of thousands of dollars in
losses. We drove by washed out roads and gutted homes with waterlogged furniture
piled high on the side of the road.



 It was heartbreaking to see the impact of the damage and the destruction of
people's lives. Now, three weeks after the storm, communities are starting to
rebuild - and I want them to know that we are here to help. USDA has a wide
range of programs available to those affected by natural disasters.



 All qualified farm operators in disaster declared counties are eligible for low
interest emergency loans. There are also many safety-net programs to help
producers recover from eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity
Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish
Program, Emergency Forest Restoration Program and the Tree Assistance Program.



 Producers with crops insured under the Federal crop insurance program should
immediately contact their local crop insurance agent to report any damage to
insured crops. Compensation also is available to producers who purchased
coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program, which protects
non-insurable crops against natural disasters.



 Additionally, USDA helps communities rebuild through rural housing programs,
distributing food safety information, and ensuring food security by distributing
food and administering the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
There are USDA Service Centers located all across the state to help producers
with agricultural damage and support communities as they recover.



 As a farmer myself, I know weather poses significant risks to our family and
livelihood. What Eastern North Carolina has experienced is any farmer's worst
nightmare. I empathize with what they've been through and sincerely want them to
know that USDA is here to help them recover and thrive once again.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Southern Maine gets disaster declaration due to drought

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Chellie Pingree said today that the US Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has declared five counties in southern Maine as a disaster area because
of the recent drought.  Cumberland, Androscoggin, Oxford, Sagadahoc, and York
Counties are all part of the disaster area, making farmers in those counties
eligible for emergency assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans.





 "This is one of the worst droughts in recent memory," Pingree said. "Unless
farmers had access to significant water for irrigation, they probably didn't
have a very good growing season.  The disaster declaration makes emergency loans
available for those who were hit the hardest so they can recover and get another
crop in the ground next spring."



 Farmers have 8 months to apply for emergency loans by contacting their local
FSA office (contact information available here)



 York , Cumberland and Oxford County farmers had gained access to emergency
loans under a separate disaster declaration earlier this month.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Southern Maine gets disaster declaration due to drought

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Chellie Pingree said today that the US Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has declared five counties in southern Maine as a disaster area because
of the recent drought.  Cumberland, Androscoggin, Oxford, Sagadahoc, and York
Counties are all part of the disaster area, making farmers in those counties
eligible for emergency assistance from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including
emergency loans.





 "This is one of the worst droughts in recent memory," Pingree said. "Unless
farmers had access to significant water for irrigation, they probably didn't
have a very good growing season.  The disaster declaration makes emergency loans
available for those who were hit the hardest so they can recover and get another
crop in the ground next spring."



 Farmers have 8 months to apply for emergency loans by contacting their local
FSA office (contact information available here)



 York , Cumberland and Oxford County farmers had gained access to emergency
loans under a separate disaster declaration earlier this month.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday

MANY banks are offering assistance to customers in

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 334 words


MANY banks are offering assistance to customers in flood-affected areas:

l ANZ: Suspended loan repayments, waiving fees associated with restructuring
business loans considered necessary due to impacts of extreme weather;
consideration of temporary adjustments to customer lending limits including
credit cards and waiving fees associated with replacement of damaged business
EFTPOS/credit card terminals.

l SUNCORP: Opportunity to defer home loan repayments; residential, personal,
business and agricultural loan rearranging without the cost of most bank fees.
Waived early withdrawal fees for clients wishing to withdraw from term deposits,
refund of merchant rental fees, credit card repayment relief, opportunity to
defer up to three-monthly repayments on equipment finance facilities.

l WESTPAC: Relief package includes deferred home loan repayments, emergency
credit card limit increases, restructuring of business loans without the usual
establishment fees and discounted interest rates on personal loans.

l BANK OF QUEENSLAND: Suspend home loan and personal loan repayments and fees
for a period, access to discounted interest rates on personal loans taken out
for the purpose of replacement goods, waive early withdrawal fees for customers
needing to access money from term deposits and credit card repayment relief.

l COMMONWEALTH: Emergency accommodation is available for customers insured with
the bank, individually tailored assistance with home loans, loan restructuring
for business customers with existing loans, without incurring bank establishment
fees; considering requests for additional loans including emergency credit limit
increases.

l RABOBANK: Deferral of scheduled loan payments; waiving of break costs on early
redemption of farm management deposits; waiving of fees on loan increases
necessary to assist for equipment finance contract variations.

l ANZ on 13 13 14, Suncorp on 1800 225 223, Westpac on 1300 731 073, BOQ on 1300
737 766, Commonwealth on 132 221, Rabobank on 1800 025 484.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                            March 14, 2000, Tuesday

IN MY OPINION (Column): A New Farm Policy Needed for the 21st Century

BYLINE: By VAL DOLCINI (The writer is the state executive director of the USDA
Farm Service Agency in Davis. He can be reached at val.dolcini@ca.usda.gov.)

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1034 words


To paraphrase Charles Dickens, we have seen the best of times and the worst of
times in American agriculture over the last several years. Five years ago, the
farm economy was as bullish as ever. Prices were reaching record heights, new
markets were opening and exports were strong. Since then, global demand has
shrunk, farmers and ranchers have been battered by rock-bottom prices, and most
of the country has been hit by a slew of natural disasters from freezes in
California to flooding in the Carolinas. In response to these crises, Congress
and the Clinton Administration enacted emergency legislation over the last two
years that ultimately provided more than $ 15 billion in emergency aid payments.

These payments have been extremely important to rural communities. In fact, many
farmers and ranchers probably wouldn't have made it without this assistance. In
California, the USDA Farm Service Agency made loans and payments which totaled
nearly $ 1 billion in 1999 and included disaster assistance grants, commodity
loans, farm operating and ownership loans, and conservation assistance to many
of the state's 90,000 farms and ranches. But these payments represented more of
a quick fix than a real solution. In the view of Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman, we applied a very expensive tourniquet when the situation actually
called for a blood transfusion.

Our federal farm policy remained much the same from the New Deal of the 1930s to
the 1996 Farm Bill. Since then however, we've lurched from one expensive bailout
to another. It's too costly, too inefficient, and too hard on the American
taxpayer. We need a comprehensive national farm policy that helps farmers
prepare for disasters and price downturns, invests in long-term foreign market
development and export promotion programs, provides real incentives for
investments in farmland conservation practices, and gives American farmers and
ranchers the tools they need to thrive, not just survive in today's competitive
environment.

As the debate over our future farm policy becomes more heated, President Clinton
has unveiled a new safety net proposal that offers a fairer, more efficient, and
certainly more cost effective way to protect our nation's farmers. This new
initiative isn't meant to be the last word on farm policy, but rather a starting
point for a healthy national debate. It's not about rigid funding levels, but
about new ideas that will guide us towards a new farm bill in 2002.

The Administration's proposal can be likened to a sturdy Valley Oak chair, with
four firm legs and a broad back for extra support. The first leg is a
counter-cyclical income assistance support package. Payments to farmers will go
up when prices go down and vice versa. This assistance would also be targeted to
those who generally have smaller incomes and are family-sized operators, unlike
the last two emergency spending bills. The second leg of this proposal is a
reformed and expanded crop insurance package. Crop insurance should be made more
affordable and it should be made available to a greater number of commodities.
California produces more than 350 commodities, but crop insurance policies are
only available for 47 of them. The crop insurance proposal also will make it
easier for farmers of uninsurable crops to receive assistance after a major
loss.

The third leg of the chair is a new approach to farmland conservation issues
that provides direct conservation payments to farmers that rewards them for
being good environmental stewards. It also enhances efforts like the
Conservation Reserve Program, the Wetlands Reserve Program, and the Farmland
Protection Program. The preservation of our land and water should be the
centerpiece of our farm policy, not an afterthought. By creating incentives for
all farmers to be environmentally responsible, we can simultaneously increase
farm income and protect our natural resources.

The fourth leg of this chair is an expanded agricultural trade policy that seeks
new markets and works to create new export opportunities for American farmers.
While trade in agricultural goods represents an enormous opportunity for all of
our nation's farmers and ranchers, California stands to benefit more than most
from expanded trade. For example, California citrus exports to China could reach
$ 500 million in the next five years, if the Congress approves permanent
normalized trade relations later this year.

California is the nation's leader in ag exports, annually shipping nearly $ 7
billion in food and agricultural commodities around the world. These exports not
only helped to boost farm prices and income last year, but they also supported
nearly 120,000 jobs both on and off the farm in food processing, storage and
transportation. Expanding market access, ensuring fair competition and further
leveling the playing field for U.S. producers and exporters is a no-lose
proposition for the nation's agricultural community.

Finally, this oaken chair is also supported by a broad back that includes
proposals for bio-fuels, increased support and technical assistance for
processing and marketing cooperatives, and for stabilizing the USDA workforce,
especially at the county office level.

Over the last 60 years American agriculture has been dramatically transformed.
Yet national farm policy hasn't met the challenges of the new farm economy. The
days when most farmers simply brought their bulk commodities to market are long
over. Here in California, in addition to the enormous diversity of our
agriculture, we have seen a huge influx of new farmers representing more ethnic
and gender diversity than any other state. The new century calls for a national
farm policy that reflects and embraces the new face of American agriculture.

A new farm policy must continue to support farmers and ranchers as bold
innovators, conscientious stewards of the land, and resourceful business people.
But it must go beyond commodity-based programs to encompass more regions, more
farmers, and more crops than before. In short, we need a new farm policy that is
focused less on historic crop prices and bureaucratic formulas and more on
enabling people to reach their dreams.


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Metropolitan News Company


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

Disaster designations open emergency loans up to area farmers

BYLINE: Marcia Nelesen, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


July 27--JANESVILLE -- A federal edict declaring Rock, Walworth and 21 other
counties natural disaster areas will make low-interest emergency loans available
for farmers with cash-flow problems.

The loans will help farmers purchase feed or whatever else they need to make it
through to next year, said Jim Stute, UW Extension crops and soils agent.

"It's going to help some people, I'm sure," he said.

To be eligible, farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss in a major
crop and be unable to continue with an existing lender, said Judy Schambow,
executive director with the Rock County Farm Service Agency.

The emergency loans carry a 2.25 percent interest rate.

"I'm thinking most people are going to have a loss on their corn crops,"
Schambow said. "Those loans are out there so people can maintain their cash flow
and stay in business."

Despite 3.1 inches of rain so far in July, Rock County remains in an "extreme
drought" condition, according to the National Climatic Data Center.

"The reality is, we need rain, and we need it to continue," Schambow said. "And
the other thing that would be nice to get is out of the hot weather pattern."

With the disaster declaration, farmers can file paperwork for an OK to graze
their animals on areas set aside in the conservation reserve program, Schambow
said.

Gov. Scott Walker on Wednesday said Wisconsin would begin accepting applications
for its Drought Relief Guarantee Program. The program, which is administered
through the Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority, would provide
a 90 percent guarantee on agricultural loans up to $15,000 for three years.

What the future holds depends on rainfall and the federal government, Schambow
said.

No federal disaster legislation is in place, yet, but could be in the future,
especially because of the widespread nature of the drought, she said.

Janesville, for example, had a deficit of more than 5 inches of rain in May and
June. In July, however, the city so far has received a bit over the average of 3
inches, according to Gazette weather records.

"I've had people come through the door, and they really think, if we keep this
rain pattern going, we'll have an average crop," Schambow said.

The soybeans, for example, look "way, way better" now that the county has
received some rain.

It is too early to tell what condition crops will be in this year, Stute said.

"The crops have responded, but for some crops it was too late, in particular,
corn," he said.

Rain came too late for corn already brown and dead, but corn that was green has
rehydrated and has resumed growing.

Farmers soon will know whether pollination is successful, he said.

"If we do have successful pollination and timely rain, we could still get a
reasonable yield," Stute said.

Soybeans are all right and are flowering. Canning crops look variable, he said.

"I can really see the difference in the hay fields," Stute said. "The ones that
went dormant and brown are greening up, and the ones that hadn't gone dormant
are putting on new growth. That's a good thing."

The county must rely on rain because no moisture is left in the soil.

"An inch a week would do it," Stute said. "It just depends on what the rest of
the season looks like."

Residents compare this year to 1988, but Schambow said the longtime farmers who
come into her office think this year is worse.

Schambow said farmers are stressed just like their crops. It's also hard on
those who raise livestock because they must buy feed. Some might reduce the size
of their herds to manage the cost, she said.

But that's the way farming has always been, she added.

"If you grew up (farming), it's part of the business," Schambow said. "You have
your ups and downs."

The 21 other counties declared natural disaster areas are Adams, Columbia,
Crawford, Dane, Dodge, Fond du Lac, Grant, Green, Green Lake, Iowa, Jefferson,
Kenosha, Lafayette, Marquette, Milwaukee, Ozaukee, Racine, Richland, Sauk,
Washington and Waukesha.

___ (c)2012 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120727-JG-Disaster-designations-open-emergency-loans
-up-to-area-farmers-0727-20120727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2012 The Janesville Gazette


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 1, 2007 Saturday

State offers flood loans: $50 million available at 3% to 5% interest

BYLINE: Greg Sowinski, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 452 words


Sep. 1--OTTAWA -- People whose homes or businesses were ravaged by flood waters
can borrow money at a low-interest rate to help them get back on their feet,
Ohio Treasurer Richard Cordray announced Friday.

Cordray was in Ottawa and Findlay on Friday pledging $50 million in support
through low-interest loans, ranging from 3 to 5 percent, backed by the state's
investment portfolio. The money will be available for people in six counties.

Local banks will handle the loans, including the screening process. Cordray
urged people to use the same lending institution that handled their mortgages.
That relationship will speed up the process, he said.

"People need help, and they need it quickly," he said.

Loans up to $250,000 per homeowner are available for flood repair for homes or
to help businesses along so companies do not close, he said.

Loans are separate from money the Federal Emergency Management Agency is
providing, and a loan will not exclude someone from receiving other aid, Cordray
said.

"People don't need to feel they have to choose one or the other," he said.

Cordray has the authority to make money available in loans during an emergency.
Most people will not be covered by insurance, since many insurance companies
require them to have separate flood insurance, he said.

Cordray, who toured a farm prior to his press conference, said many farmers'
crops have been wiped out this year.

Anyone unable to locate a local bank can call the state treasurer's office at
800-228-1102 and get information on a bank in their area, Cordray said. Cordray
urged people to immediately take advantage of the program. The cutoff is Oct.
30. Meanwhile, debris pickup in Ottawa continued Friday. People continued to
dump items along the curbside to be picked up. Drywall, carpet and anything that
got soaked lined some streets. Crews will take Sunday and Monday off to
re-energize and spend some time with their families before resuming the effort
Tuesday morning, said John Norris, a spokesman for the Putnam County effort.
Ottawa Mayor Ken Maag thanked the hundreds of volunteers who have showed up to
help, some who wanted to remain anonymous. "Anybody. You just say the word and
people come in," Maag said. Ottawa has spent $50,000 so far for debris pickup,
Maag said.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070901-LM-State-offers-flood-loans-0901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2007 The Lima News


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA offers assistance to carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
floods

LENGTH: 797 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Natural Resources Conservation Service has issued the following
news release:



 (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers affected by the recent floods in North and
South Carolina that USDA has programs to assist with their recovery efforts.
State and county staff in USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) and Risk Management Agency (RMA) stand ready to
help.



 "The catastrophic flooding in the Carolinas has caused unimaginable hardship
for many producers, including farmers who are waiting for fields to dry so they
can assess the damage and harvest what is salvageable of their crops," said FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini. "I encourage producers who experienced losses to take
advantage of available disaster assistance programs and loans to alleviate part
of the financial burden caused by devastating floods."



 Dolcini adds that farmers and ranchers should contact their FSA office to set
an appointment during this busy season. He said it is important to learn what
documents can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records,
receipts and pictures of damages or losses.



 FSA administers a suite of safety-net programs to help producers recover from
eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, Emergency
Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance Program. Additionally,
the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical assistance
for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disasters.
Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous disaster
designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them recover
from production and physical losses. Compensation is also available to producers
who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that result in
lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and RMA. Producers must file a
Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops including grasses in a timely
fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or when the losses become
apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify FSA of damage or loss
within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first becomes apparent.



 USDA's NRCS can also help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by
natural disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives
Program (EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive
soil erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding.
Conservation practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in
recovery, can build the natural resource base, and may help mitigate loss in
future events. For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to
life and property, such as those declared this week in South Carolina, NRCS can
assist local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts
like debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource
concerns and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program.



 "The flood event taking place in North and South Carolina is of historic
proportions. As the flood waters recede, we may begin seeing land damage such as
erosion that happened not only during the rainfall events, but was caused by the
receding waters," said NRCS Chief Jason Weller. "It is critical that farmers,
ranchers and forestland owners have financial and technical resources available
to protect their natural resources and operations now and as recovery from these
disasters begins."



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses.



 "No one knows if or when situations like the floods that have devastated the
Carolinas may happen. Federal crop insurance provides an effective farm safety
net to help farmers recover," said RMA Administrator Brandon Willis.



 Producers should report crop damage within 72 hours of damage discovery and
follow up in writing within15 days. They should have Farm Service Agency
documents that provide the number of acres and locations of insured crops ready
to show the adjuster.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

On the Move

BYLINE: --

SECTION: BUSINESS; On the Move; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 422 words


NEW FACES

n William Cobb of Auburn joined Oxford Networks as a customer service
representative. Cobb was previously a patient service representative at Central
Maine Medical Center Family Practice.

n Ann Marie Payne joined the company as a collections representative. Payne was
previously employed at Martel Elementary School in Lewiston.

n Michael Campbell joined Diversified Business Communications as a sales
trainee. Campbell was previously with Unum. Lindsey McMorrow joined the company
as a junior production associate. McMorrow was previously with Portland Museum
of Art.

n Kevin Hight joined Aetna as a long-term disability team leader. He was
previously with Unum.

n Ethyan M. Cort joined Brooks & Brooks CPAs in South Portland as a staff
accountant. Cort recently graduated from Bentley College.

n Barry Blumenfeld M.D., M.S., was named chief information officer for
MaineHealth and Maine Medical Center. Blumenfeld was previously general manager
of Solutions Architecture for GE Healthcare, Integrated IT Solutions.

n Lisa Smith of Portland joined Eve's at the Garden in the Portland Harbor Hotel
as a baker and pastry chef. Smith was previously with Standard Baking Co.

n Debora Redmond of Gray joined Northeast Bank as an assistant vice president
and loan production manager. Redmond, who has over 22 years of loan production
and banking experience, will manage the underwriting, examination and approval
of all consumer and residential loans.

n Michael Hall of Scarborough, president of Jordie Lee Investments, opened a new
brokerage firm at 30 Milk St. in Portland. The agency offers personalized
commercial real estate and business brokerage services to both buyers and
sellers.

n Michael Schmitz D.O., M.S., an emergency and internal medicine physician,
joined Southern Maine Medical Center. Schmitz completed his internship and
residency at St. Barnabas Hospital and is board-prepared in emergency and
internal medicine.Ê

GENERAL

n Four people joined the Maine Cancer Foundation's board of directors: Robin
Whitten, founder of Audiophile in Portland; Deborah Gallant, of D. Gallant
Management in Portland; Kaye Flanagan, community volunteer in Manchester; and
Trudi Chase M.D., an oncologist with Maine Center for Cancer Medicine,
Brunswick.

n Pamela Harnden of Dryden was named executive director of the Maine Beef
Producers Association. Harnden is president of Franklin County Farm Bureau,
chair of Franklin County's Soil & Water Conservation District and chair of Maine
Farm Bureau's Women's/Agricultural Education Committee.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William Cobb
Ann Marie Payne
Kevin Hight
Ethyan M. Cort
Debora Redmond
Michael Schmitz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 14, 1994, Thursday, City Edition

Clinton offers $ 66-million in flood aid

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE NATION; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Ga.



President Clinton on Wednesday inspected the flood devastation in southwest
Georgia and announced more than $ 66-million in emergency federal aid for
Georgia, Florida and Alabama.

"We know this is going to be a personal agony for tens of thousands of  people,"

 the president said after taking a 30-minute helicopter tour with  Gov. Zell
Miller to inspect the Georgia farms, homes and towns covered by  muddy
floodwaters.

"We will do the best we can to help put your lives back together,"  Clinton said
as he unveiled a federal package of aid to clean up debris,  rebuild roads,
restore homes and help workers left jobless by the floods.

The president promised to urge Congress to give the region's farmers the  same
generous formula for reimbursing crop losses that Midwestern farmers were  given
after last summer's floods.

In his four-hour visit, Clinton also visited an emergency center set up at
Highland School in Albany, where he commiserated with about a dozen local
residents who told him they had lost everything in the flood.

The president made his aid announcement after a meeting with more than a  dozen
federal and state officials at Southwest Regional Airport. Joining him  were
Gov. Lawton Chiles of Florida and Gov. Jim Folsom of Alabama.

The aid package that Clinton promised includes:

$ 11.6-million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to help in the
relief effort, ranging from cleaning up debris to paying for sandbags and
providing emergency water, food and shelter. Of this, $ 9.6-million would be
for Georgia, $ 1-million for Florida and $ 1-million for Alabama.

$ 12.5-million in emergency federal money to rebuild highways. Of this,  $
10-million would go to Georgia and $ 2.5-million to Alabama.

$ 38-million in temporary loans to public housing authorities to  rehabilitate
homes damaged by floods. There would also be up to $ 100-million  in loans from
existing Housing and Urban Development programs for communities.  There is no
state-by-state breakdown available.

$ 4-million in Job Training Partnership Grants to pay workers dislocated by  the
floods to help in the cleanup. The total amount is allocated for Georgia.

Clinton said that he would ask Congress to approve a plan to repay farm  losses
at a rate of 100 percent above the standard deductible for federal crop
insurance programs. That is the same rate paid to Midwest farmers, although
previously the federal government had paid only 50 cents on the dollar for  such
losses.

The flood aid was the second piece of good news for residents of  Bainbridge,
Ga., on Wednesday. The also learned that the raging Flint River  won't reach the
monster record crest that forecasters had predicted.

"I think God has made a way for the people of this town to survive and for  the
elderly people to go back to their homes," said retiree George Mayberry,  who
was staying at a shelter because his apartment is in a low area.

Forecasters who had expected the river to crest at a record 20 feet above  flood
stage today changed their calculations and said it should be only 13  feet above
flood stage - nearly 3 feet below the record. The river was 12 feet  above flood
stage Wednesday.

"If it's not going to get but another foot high, chances are there'll be
several places that will not be flooded," Fire Chief Dennis Mock said.

"I was happy, completely thrilled," said Cathy Henderson, a drug store  clerk
who had expected to lose her home.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Flood victim Mary Lee Noble
Williams sorts her clothes in an emergency shelter in Bainbridge, Ga., on
Wednesday.

                            Times Publishing Company


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                          December 19, 2001 Wednesday

Area farmers eligible for federal loans;
Adams and York counties have been declared primary disaster areas.

BYLINE: By STACEY WARD Evening Sun Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 441 words


Wendy Starner said her farm lost thousands of dollars in crops because of this
summer's drought.

"We have crop insurance, and it'll pay a little," she said.

But the insurance adjusters are backed up with work. She finally talked to her
insurance agent Friday and it'll be weeks before things are finished, Starner
said. She and her husband own and operate Sweet Pickens Farm off Carlisle Pike
in Hamilton Township.

An emergency low-interest loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture could
help the Starners and other farmers in the same situation.

The Department of Agriculture named Adams and York counties primary disaster
areas nearly two weeks ago. Now farmers can go to their local Farm Service
Agency to apply for a low-interest loan to help make up for the loss of revenue
from crops caused by this year's dry weather.

In Adams County, agriculture officials estimated farmers averaged 45 bushels of
corn and 7 tons of corn silage per acre this year. That's down from a normal
yield of about 99 bushels of corn and 15 tons of corn silage per acre, according
to Charles Marshall, state farm loan chief of the Farm Service Agency in
Harrisburg.

York County farmers usually average 110 to 115 bushels of corn per acre in a
year, Marshall said. County agriculture officials estimate this year's yield at
90 bushels of corn per acre and 11 tons of corn silage per acre, down from about
16 tons per acre a year ago, he said.

Those estimates were compiled in August, Marshall said.

Starner said on average her farm produces 100 bushels of corn per acre.

"We harvested 18 bushels to the acre," she said.

Farmers who had at least a 30 percent loss of a major crop and are not eligible
for commercial loans could be eligible for the 3.75-percent interest loan,
Marshall said.

Starner said she'd look into the loan, but isn't convinced it will help.

"It hasn't really benefited us before because you have to be turned down [first]
from other banks," she said.

The term of the loan can be anywhere from one to 20 years, said Doug Gabel, a
farm loan officer for the Farm Service Agency office in Adams County. He said
the average loan is for seven years and is limited to a maximum of $500,000.

Gabel said he's had a couple of calls from farmers interested in the loan
program.

The state Farm Service Agency gave a "couple hundred" loans during the drought
of the late-1990s, Marshall said.

Farmers have eight months or until Aug. 8 to get in their applications for the
loan.

To find out more about the loan, call the Adams County Farm Service Agency at
334-4216 or the York County office at 755-2966.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Evening Sun


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 29, 1989, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FLORIDA GOVERNOR SEEKS DISASTER AID

BYLINE: By ALAN JUDD; New York Times Regional Newspapers

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE, Fla., Dec. 28


Gov. Bob Martinez sought Federal disaster aid today for Florida farmers whose
crops were damaged in the statewide freeze last weekend.

Mr. Martinez asked the Federal Agriculture Secretary, Clayton Yeutter, to
approve low-interest disaster-relief loans to Florida farmers, many of whom saw
crops wiped out as temperatures plunged.

Calling the freeze ''devastating'' to the state's agriculture interests, Mr.
Martinez said in a letter to Mr. Yeutter, ''Preliminary damage reports show that
the freezing temperatures caused extensive damage to the citrus, sugar cane and
vegetable producing regions, as well as heavy losses to ornamental crops,
nurseries and tropical fish breeders.''

Mr. Martinez, who did not give an estimate of total losses, also declared all 67
Florida counties to be disaster areas as a result of the freeze.

U.S. Survey of Losses

Federal agriculture officials will survey losses in each county before
determining whether Florida farmers qualify for disaster loans from the Farmers
Home Administration.

Mr. Martinez has not yet decided whether to ask President Bush to declare the
state a disaster area, said Jon Peck, the Governor's press secretary.

If the President takes that action, it would make low-interest loans available
to other Floridians who suffered losses, not just farmers, and would provide
emergency unemployment benefits to farm workers who were put out of work by the
freeze.

State officials need detailed, county-by-county damage reports before Mr.
Martinez could seek disaster aid from the President, Mr. Peck said, and the
Agriculture Department's survey will provide that information.

The two-day freeze severely damaged citrus and vegetable crops deep into South
Florida. Some citrus growers have estimated that they lost at least 40 percent
of their crops, and many vegetable crops were wiped out.

It will take agriculture officials three to four weeks to gather the information
Mr. Yeutter will use in deciding whether to grant disaster aid, said Wilbert
Campbell, director of the Farmers Home Administration's emergency designation
staff in Washington.

Disaster loans carry a 4.5 percent interest rate, and farmers may take as long
as 20 years to repay. Farmers could receive loans no greater than their actual
losses, as high as $500,000.

Today Mr. Martinez also extended an emergency order allowing trucks hauling
fruit and vegetables to processing plants to exceed weight limits on state
highways.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Gov. Bob Martinez (AP)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 21, 1991, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

2 LEGISLATORS DECRY U.S. AGENCY'S PLANS ON FLOOD INSURANCE

BYLINE: Leigh Anne Porcher St. Charles Post Special Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1066 words


Two legislators from St. Charles County have joined farmers from the
northeastern part of the county in condemning a federal agency and the
flood-insurance program it developed.  The biting criticism came at a public
hearing Thursday on propo sed maps that designate a section of the county near
Portage des Sioux and West Alton as a floodway. The critical legislators were
State Rep. Steve Ehlmann, R-St.  Charles, and Joseph Ortwerth, R-St. Peters.
The floodway is the path that water is generally expected to take between the
Missouri River at Wiedey Road and Mississippi River at Portage des Sioux, in
case of a severe flood. Construction in the area would be severely limited.
Farmers said that floodways shown on the two maps proposed by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency are inaccurate. They said that either plan would
devastate agriculture in the entire river bottoms area.  Many of the 60 people
who attended the hearing said they would prefer that the county avoid the
flood-insurance program, rather than live under either of the maps or under the
regulations.  ''It seems we existed in this county up to 13 years ago without
(the federal agency, without the insurance, why can't we exist now without
them?'' asked Ray Machens, who has a farm in the affected area.  Marvin Meyer of
St. Charles said, ''Are you giving us the right to cut off our right arm or our
left arm? I think most of the farmers would as soon not have a floodway.'' Meyer
once farmed land near Portage des Sioux, which his son-in-law now farms.
Machens did ask the commission to force the federal agency to seek an
environmental-impact statement on the plans. He suggested that the commission
could seek options other than simply accepting the plans of the agency.  The St.
Charles County Commission called the public hearing, held at Orchard Farm Middle
School, to hear residents' opinions about which of the two maps they preferred.
Of the three county commissioners, only Presiding Commission Eugene C.
Schwendemann attended the hearing.  One map will be selected as the guide in
developing a flood-prone but agriculturally rich area north of St. Charles.  One
map is called the Conventional Floodway. On this floodway, any type of
construction is forbidden unless property owners get a certified report from an
engineer that the project will not cause a rise in the Mississippi River in
event of a flood.  The second map, called Density Floodway, broadens the
floodway between the two rivers and extends it east to West Alton. The broad
area is to be divided into an undetermined number of blocks. Within each of
them, up to 18 percent of the land can be developed under certain restrictions.
Both plans call for strict development regulations.  One of the most troublesome
to farmers is a requirement that they must build any structure at least one foot
above a designated flood stage in the fringe of the floodway area. In some
cases, that might mean building a foundation several feet tall.  Farmers were
also concerned about the accuracy of the designated floodway in both maps. The
area included high ground and left out nearby lower elevation areas, they said.
They questioned whether water would truly flow along the path designated.  The
Federal Emergency Management Agency has threatened to cut St. Charles County out
of a flood-insurance program unless one of the maps and building restrictions
are adopted.  Steven Lauer, county planning director who led the meeting, said
the map-adoption process would probably take about 18 months. He said that flood
insurance was necessary for the county to receive federal grants for projects in
flood-prone areas. Ehlmann said bank loans may also be affected.  But Ehlmann
and Rep. Joseph Ortwerth, R-St. Peters, were critical of the Federal Management
Agency and the plans.  Ehlmann said the plans would hurt property values. He
said residents of the area had no guarantees that the federal agency would not
tighten the development rules at a later time.  ''The people doing this to you
are not elected officials,'' Ehlmann said.  ''They're bureaucrats. They change
the rules when they want to change the rules. You don't know what they are going
to come back with next year.  ''The point is: Where are we going to draw the
line? Where are we going to say enough is enough?'' he asked.  After the
meeting, Ehlmann said the farmers in St. Charles County have been placed in a
tight spot. He said farmers have been promised insurance in case of flooding,
which in many cases would help them.  On the other hand, he said, the federal
agency is saying that in order to have the insurance, farmers must abide by its
rules. Each year, those rules seem to become more restrictive, Ehlmann said.
The floodway plan is also unrealistic for this area of St. Charles County, he
said. Generally, floodways are narrow, so that if a farmer loses a barn in a
flood, he can rebuild on higher ground maybe a few hundred yards from the
original site and be out of the floodway, Ehlmann said.  In this area of the
county, farmers may have to drive several miles to reach their barns if forced
to move to higher ground, he said.  ''It's one of those situa tions where we are
a unique area,'' he said.  ''The law is not flexible enough to take in our
uniqueness.'' Ortwerth said, ''The floodway choice that has been presented to
St. Charles County is no choice at all.'' He said the maps ''reflect the raw
abuse of power that we see here by a federal agency that is determined to wreak
havoc on the lives of the very people that it claims to protect.'' Ortwerth said
the maps ''will result in the ultimate displacement of families from the land
they have cultivated and prospered from for years,'' Ortwerth said.  Another
factor, he said, is development and river restrictions upstream and downstream
on the Missouri and Mississippi rivers - restrictions that have been approved by
federal agencies. Ortwerth claimed that the agencies have increased flooding
problems in St. Charles County and threaten to make the area a ''backwater
basin'' for the entire region, he said.  ''They are determined to run farmers
out of the flood plain in this area of St. Charles County,'' Ortwerth said. ''At
this point and time we all need to ask ourselves whether the price of
participation in the national flood-insurance program is something we are
willing to pay for.''

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Hall County designated primary natural disaster area

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Judith A. Canales,
announced that Hall county was declared a disaster on March 26, 2014, due to
drought using the streamlined Secretarial Disaster Designation process. Under
this designation, producers in any of the primary or contiguous disaster
counties are eligible to apply for low interest emergency loans.

The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year.

Under this disaster designation, Hall county is the only primary disaster
county. The following six counties were designated as contiguous disaster
counties: Briscoe, Childress, Collingsworth, Cottle, Donley and Motley.

"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," said Canales.

Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. As a general
rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production to be
eligible for an FSA emergency loan.

Under this designation, emergency loan applications will be accepted through
November 26, 2014. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits,
taking into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical
losses, to a maximum amount of $500,000. The current emergency loan interest
rate is 3.25 percent.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday

Utah farmers may get emergency loans

LENGTH: 143 words


WASHINGTON -- Farmers in Rich, Summit and Daggett counties may get emergency
loans from the government, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Wednesday.

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said the USDA designated farmers in the three counties
as eligible to qualify for agriculture disaster assistance based on the existing
drought. This will allow farmers to apply for low-interest emergency loans from
the Farm Service Agency.

The FSA will consider applications based on the extent of losses, security
available and repayment ability, according to Hatch's office.

"I appreciate the Department of Agriculture's swift action in granting disaster
designation to these three northeastern Utah counties," Hatch said in a
statement. "Utah is the second driest state in the country, and when a severe
drought hits, it's vital that our farmers have access to emergency loans."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      February 4, 2000 Friday CITY EDITION

CLINTON FARM AID PLAN CRITICIZED;
WELLSTONE, OTHER DEMOCRATS ASSAIL $11.5 BILLION PACKAGE

BYLINE: Tom Webb, Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farm-state Democrats complained Thursday that the Clinton administration's new
$11.5 billion emergency farm aid package misses the mark by a country mile.

"It doesn't deal with the crisis," said Sen. Paul Wellstone, DFL-Minn. "It
provides a little help, but not very much. I expect much stronger leadership
from this administration. I don't know where they've been."

On Wednesday, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman unveiled a two-year farm rescue
package that would cost an additional $11.5 billion - roughly doubling the price
tag of existing subsidy payments. Bad weather, huge crop surpluses, the Asian
economic crisis and the failure of U.S. farm policy have left many farmers
reeling.

With an election year under way, Glickman said the farm package is meant to help
farmers in an orderly fashion and avoid the "costly, ad hoc emergency bills"
that Congress has been passing lately. In the past two years, political bidding
wars have pushed total emergency farm spending to $15 billion.

Republicans don't applaud every aspect of Clinton's plan, but some, including
Sen. Rod Grams of Minnesota, like the idea of counting farm aid honestly in the
federal budget, rather than treating it as an off-budget "emergency" each year.

"I agree we should be doing this up front," Grams said Thursday.

Of the extra $11.5 billion, Glickman wants half spent on direct payments
targeted to small- and medium-sized farmers. The rest would go to soil and water
conservation programs, to curb pesticide runoff and to expand federal crop
insurance by subsidizing premiums. The proposals are in Clinton's fiscal 2001
budget, which comes out Monday.

Wellstone, however, is incensed the administration plans to let the 1996 Freedom
to Farm law run its course and finally expire in 2002. Ever since it was passed,
Wellstone has urged scrapping what he terms "Freedom to Fail."

"Where's the call for the change?" he asked. "Where's the call for the
farmer-owned reserve? Where's the call for getting the loan rate up? I give a
little bit of credit for a little bit of a program, but there's no boldness
here, no fight here, no standing firm on the side of family farmers."

So Wellstone, Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa and others have their own farm plan.
They're organizing a national farm rally in Washington on March 20 and 21, when
"rural America comes to the nation's capital and raises the roof," Wellstone
said.

Tom Webb, who is the Washington correspondent for the Pioneer Press, can be
reached at twebb@krwashington.com or (202) 383-6049.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 21, 1999 Sunday

BACKING LOANS WITH LAND;
IT'S A HIGH-RISK STRATEGY LAST SEEN IN THE FARM CRISIS OF THE '80S: FARMERS
BURDENED BY LOW PRICES PUT UP LAND OR EQUIPMENT AS COLLATERAL SO BANKERS CAN
LEND THEM MONEY.

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1651 words


This is the time of year when farmers and bankers get together to forecast farm
income, an annual ritual that determines if the lenders will provide loans.

This winter, the meetings haven't been fun.

With the planting season just three months away, the futures market is signaling
a long wait before profits return to most major crops or pigs produced in the
Midwest. "The banker will be taking risks like the farmer this year," said
Brenda Scanlan, a farmer in Danube, a west-central Minnesota town of 562 people.

Not since the mid-1980s have lenders struggled with farmers' balance sheets to
rationalize lending money to them.

The outlook is so gloomy that it appears bankers are resorting to an
"equity-based" method of lending that they pledged they'd never do again after
America emerged from the farm financial crisis of the 1980s.

That means farmers who are uncertain about being able to pay their debts will be
required by the lender to put up land or equipment as collateral.

The strategy carries high risk, which could be clearly seen in the farm crisis
in the 1980s.

Lenders were forced to stop using farm and equipment as collateral because
debt-swamped farmers back then had nothing of value for the banks when their
land prices plummeted about 60 percent. Rural banks failed by the hundreds as
federal and state regulators found them holding bad loans.

Today, lenders typically write farm loans based on cash-flow projections that
are determined mainly by the futures exchanges.

Wes Ehrecke, executive vice president and chief executive of the Minnesota
Bankers Association, said some banks may have little choice but to resort to
equity-based financing of loans. "If you believe in agriculture, as we must in
this state, and if agriculture is important to your bank, you've got to look at
all your options to make these loans," he said. "It really becomes important
that we try to keep our farm customers in business."

Although Allen I. Olson, president of the Independent Community Bankers of
Minnesota, said he hasn't heard bankers talk openly about returning to equity
financing, "They're finding some way to write the loan. I guess that means
equity financing through the back door," he said. "There may be no other way to
justify writing a loan with this year's projected crop and pig prices."

Both the lender and the farmer are caught, said Kent Olson, an agricultural
economist at the University of Minnesota who works with two farm management
associations in the southwest and southeast counties of the state. The farmer
must produce something on the farm, and prices aren't favorable. At the same
time, he said, rural bankers and agricultural lenders don't want to lose their
customers.

"They want to help these farmers. If they are ag lenders, finding ways to get
farmers in the fields means their survival, too," he said.

Allen Olson, the bank executive, said some farm lending this winter is simply a
matter of trying to keep good farmers afloat in a bank's service territory. "I
don't know what this will do to our reputation, but you can't talk about
tight-fisted bankers if you see crops growing this year," he said.

The challenge of debt

Corn, soybean and wheat prices are at modern lows, suggesting that farmers will
have difficulty recovering their costs of production from growing another crop.
The larger the farmer's debt load, the greater the challenge will be because
annual farm income must cover land mortgage costs as well as operating
production expenses.

Scanlan was loading and selling soybeans this past week. "Not because I wanted
to," she said, laughingly referring to the need to raise cash to pay debt.

As she gets ready for another growing season, however, she is in a different
situation compared with most Midwest farmers. Her debts are comparatively low;
she rents 600 acres of land and hasn't bought any at this point.

Instead, she has bought stakes in three value-added businesses in western
Minnesota and North Dakota that create markets for the corn, soybeans, alfalfa
and sugar beets she raises.

"I want to pay off those investments and then use them as collateral to buy land
in the future," she said. "That will allow me to handle debt better, and the
value-added enterprises should mean that I'm not so dependent on the commodity
markets."

Scanlan started farming about 100 miles west of the Twin Cities a decade ago
when she was still a student at the University of Minnesota. She finished her
soils science degree commuting to the St. Paul campus during the winter months.

Backing up her farming risks is her husband Mike's income as a regional manager
for a seed company and her own part-time professional job with a sugar-beet
seed-conditioning company.

Having a couple of "pretty good off-farm jobs" helps make the family household
finances look better to lenders this winter, she said. And, perhaps most
important, she said, "I don't have a pig."

Pig farmers' plight

Pig producers are in the worst shape of all farmers this winter.

U.S. Department of Agriculture surveys of animals being born and placed in
feedlots suggest that farmers and farm lenders cut back pig production by about
4 percent during the fourth quarter of last year.

Midwestern pork producer groups won't know until later this year how many pig
farms have liquidated their herds and gone out of business this winter. Ross
Anderson, vice president of credit at AgriBank FCB, the largest agricultural
lender in the Midwest states, said production cutbacks at pig farms now suggest
that farmers' pig prices will recover to the "break-even point" by year's end.

In December, when prices fell to the lowest level in 57 years, farmers with
average production costs were losing up to $75 per pig sold on open markets.
Currently, prices paid for pigs suggest the average farmer is losing between $20
and $25 per animal.

It doesn't require high-finance expertise to decide that it would be best to sit
out a feeding cycle before borrowing to put feeder pigs back on the farm, said
Kent Olson, the economist.

He works with two farm management associations in Southwest Minnesota and
Southeast Minnesota that are organized by the Extension Service. Except for pig
producers, he said, preliminary data show those farmers did end the year with
modest income.

The key, however, involved federal government income transfers, including a $6
billion special emergency appropriation last summer before the congressional
elections. The USDA Economic Research Service estimates that these government
payment transfers boosted actual farm revenue up to about $48 billion across the
nation, or more in line with the nearly $50 billion reported in 1997 and $51
billion the year before.

Is a rescue ahead?

The current year, with even weaker market prospects for wheat, corn and
soybeans, is not an election year. This has lenders and farm leaders alike
asking if there are reasons to suspect Congress will again come to the rescue.
"We're working on it, but probably not," said Dave Frederickson, president of
the Minnesota Farmers Union, a general membership farm advocacy group.

The American Farm Bureau Federation, another such farm organization that
advocates more conservative public policies, is asking Congress for emergency
relief that would include direct payments to pig producers to keep them afloat.
Dean Kleckner, an Iowa farmer who is president of the bureau, called these
actions short-term "Band-Aids on a cancer. But without them, many farmers will
not be around to benefit from long-term answers."

AgriBank, the St. Paul-based farm lender that has about $20 billion in assets
from farm loans in the Midwest, is part of the nation's Farm Credit System,
which includes 204 banks, associations and service companies across the country.

Marsha Pyle Martin, chairwoman and chief executive officer of the Farm Credit
Administration, which regulates these cooperative lenders, said at a
congressional hearing Feb. 12 that the Farm Credit banks are strong after a
dozen good years since the 1980s farm financial crisis.

At the same time, she said, bank projections estimate that 16 percent of the
banks' borrowers and 12 percent of bank assets "would be hurt significantly" if
the current low farm prices extend into the year 2000.

The American Bankers Association - along with the farm groups - is lobbying
Congress for more government guarantees for lenders writing farm loans. The USDA
has a Guaranteed Farm Ownership loan program that means the federal government
backs up loans written by banks and other lenders.

Demand for those loan guarantees is up 92 percent so far this year, said John
Blanchfield, manager of agricultural banking and rural development at the ABA.
The bank trade association added that USDA offices in 15 states reported using
all available USDA funds for the program before Feb. 1.

Volatile prices
Farm prices have been extremely volatile over the past two years, with prices
mostly sliding downward through 1998 and through January of this year.

For instance, corn hit a record of $5 per bushel in 1997, slumped to $2.62 in
May when the 1998 crop was planted, and was trading on futures contracts at
$2.13 per bushel this week.

Soybean prices have fallen nearly in half, from more than $8 per bushel in 1997
to $6.45 in May last year. Soybean futures traded for $4.86 per bushel last
Wednesday.

Spring wheat producers, meanwhile, have had problems with price and disease
curbing their incomes for the past three growing season. But from more than $4 a
bushel during 1997, wheat futures traded in Minneapolis slipped to $3.62 in May
last year and traded at $3.36 per bushel on Wednesday.

Lee Egerstrom, who covers food and agriculture, can be reached at
legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5437

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
"The banker will be taking risk like the farmer this year.
Brenda Scanlan Minnesota Farmer 2 Photos: Pioneer Press
1) Brenda Scanlan loads soybeans onto her truck at her farm south of
Danube, Minn.
2) Farmer Brenda Scanlan pushes spilled soybeans into a grate after
unloading 610 bushels from her truck at the Co-op Country Farmers
Elevator in Danube, Minn.

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Herald (Rock Hill, SC)

                          October 13, 2004, Wednesday

The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C., business briefs

LENGTH: 355 words



SEXUAL ASSAULT RESOURCE CENTER TO HOLD CEREMONY: The Sexual Assault Resource
Center, 648 S. Jones Ave., will hold a ribbon-cutting 4:30 p.m. Friday. The
event was originally set for Sept. 17, but was canceled due to the weather.

The York County Regional Chamber of Commerce will assist with the
ribbon-cutting.

For more information, call Becky Adams at 324-7500 or
badams@yorkcountrychamber.com.


FARM SERVICE AGENCY TO TAKE LOAN APPLICATIONS: The Farm Service Agency office in
York County will be taking applications for emergency loans based on losses
caused by Tropical Storm Frances, which occurred Sept. 7-12.

York County is among several counties in South Carolina recently declared as
eligible for loans to cover losses resulting from a disaster declaration for
North Carolina.

The general rule is that a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss
of normal production in a single enterprise, be able to repay the loan and any
other loans, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere and have adequate security.

The last day applications will be accepted is May 19, 2005, but farmers should
apply as soon as possible.

The York County FSA office is located at 1460 E. Alexander Love Highway, York.


CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- MICROSOFT CLASSES TO BE OFFERED IN CHARLOTTE: Panorama
Computer Learning will host a "Microsoft Office" class Saturday at the Courtyard
Marriott, 800 Arrowood Road. Students will learn to use Microsoft Word, Excel
and PowerPoint. They also will learn basic Internet and e-mail tips.

There are three class times available: 9 a.m. to noon; noon to 3 p.m. and 3 to 6
p.m. The cost is $ 10, payable at the door. Call 324-3783 to reserve a seat.

Susan Woods, the owner of Panorama Computer Learning, is a graduate of Winthrop
University and has 12 years of computer teaching experience.


Fax news to Annette Johnson at 329-4021; mail it to The Herald, Business News,
P.O. Box 11707, Rock Hill, SC 29731; call 909-4209; or e-mail
ajohnson@heraldonline.com.



-----

To see more of The Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldonline.com.


LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: RH-BIZ-BRIEFS-20041013

JOURNAL-CODE: RH

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2004 The Herald (Rock Hill, SC)


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            September 4, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Business Briefs

SECTION: I; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


FARMERS FACE HIGHER CHECKOFF FEE FOR ETHANOL

Nebraska grain producers will begin paying a higher production checkoff fee for
ethanol beginning Oct. 1.

State Agriculture Director Greg Ibach said he wanted to call attention to an
increase from 3/4 of a cent to   7/8 of a cent well in advance of the effective
date, so farmers aren't surprised when they take their grain to elevators and
other sale points.

The increase comes with legislative passage of LB90 during the 2005 session and
with efforts to cover the state's financial obligations to ethanol producers who
qualify for incentive payments.

The higher fee applies to corn and grain sorghum. Anyone with questions can call
the Nebraska Ethanol Board at 471-2941.

AREA FARMERS GET AG EMERGENCY UPDATE

Farmers in Jefferson, Gage and Lancaster counties will be briefed this week on
local and state efforts to prepare for agricultural emergencies.

The Nebraska Department of Agriculture and various local officials are hosting
more than 70 meetings across the state to educate producers on how the safety of
the food supply can be protected.

The Jefferson County meeting begins at 11 a.m. Wednesday at the 4-H Building on
the county fairgrounds at Fairbury. The Gage County meeting follows at 5:30 p.m.
Wednesday at the Beatrice Valentino's.

The Lancaster County meeting begins at 11 a.m. Thursday at the county extension
office.

NEW FORM MEANT TO SPEED LOAN RESPONSE

Farm Service Agency offices in Lincoln and across the state are turning to a new
form to streamline the process farmers use to apply for loan deficiency
payments.

The new form, 633 EZ, should make things easier for producers, said Greg
Chewakin, director of the Lancaster County FSA office.

The federal agency will continue to honor the forms that preceded 633 EZ for the
2005 crop year.

Those with questions can call their county FSA office. In Lancaster County, that
number is 423-9683.

SORGHUM FIELD DAY AHEAD

The 2005 Sorghum Hybrid Test Plot Field Day will be held Thursday at the Gerald
Simonsen farm near Ruskin.

The event starts at 5 p.m. with a tour of the plot, which is sponsored by the
University of Nebraska, the Nebraska Grain Sorghum Board and seed companies.

A meal featuring sandwiches and cookies made with grain sorghum flour will be
served at 7 p.m.

The plot is located 4 miles south of Ruskin and 2 1/2 miles west.

Calendar of events

The Nebraska Soybean Board will meet at 8 a.m. Wednesday at Divot's Conference
Center in Norfolk.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 14, 2011

USDA Farm Service Agency Increases Guaranteed Loan Limit

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 284  words


Trudy Kareus, State Executive Director of the Colorado Farm Service Agency
(FSA), announced that the loan limit for the Guaranteed Loan Program will
increase to $1,214,000. The limit is adjusted annually based on the "Prices Paid
to Farmers Index," compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service
(NASS).

"Raising the guaranteed loan limit will allow FSA to better meet the financial
needs of producers across the state," said SED Kareus. "This increase comes at a
time when Colorado agricultural producers are facing unprecedented economic
hardships and need all of the means of obtaining capital they can get," she
said.

Another change to the guaranteed loan program will affect the one-time loan
guarantee fee charged on all FSA loans obligated after October 1, 2011. The
one-time loan guarantee fee will increase from 1.0 percent to 1.5 percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender, and the lender arranges
for the guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.

Producers who are unable to obtain financing through a commercial lender,
including a guaranteed loan, could be eligible for an FSA direct loan. These
loans are made by FSA with government funds and the limit is $300,000 (except
for Emergency Loans which have a limit of $500,000).

For more information producers are encouraged to visit their USDA Service
Centers or go online to www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Kiowa County Press


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 26, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FARM LOSS IS PUT AT OVER $2 BILLION IN DROUGHT REGION

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1564 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 25


Livestock and crop losses from the drought that has parched eight
Middle-Atlantic and Southern states are estimated at $2 billion or more, twice
as much as earlier this week, state agricultural officials said today.

The loss would represent nearly 15 percent of the $15 billion of gross earnings
last year by farmers in the arc of drought, which stretches from Alabama to
southern Pennsylvania. No agricultural region has suffered such high losses
since drought spread across the Midddle West and Rocky Mountain states in the
1930's, according to the Department of Agriculture. The drought is the fourth to
strike the South in the last seven years.

Parts of Alabama, North and South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi and Virginia
received some rain today and Thursday, but meteorologists predicted that the
arid conditions would persist through August and possibly longer.

Special Telephone Line

In Washington, employees of the Department of Agriculture manned a special
telephone line, handling hundreds of calls from farmers seeking information on
the department's program of emergency assistance.

Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng has appointed special teams to study the
affected areas, urged his deputies to accelerate the processing of applications
for emergency assistance and assured farmers in the stricken states that he is
doing everything possible to lessen the economic effects of the drought.

Today, Mr. Lyng toured poultry houses and peanut fields in Georgia, where the
loss in the state's $520 million peanut industry is estimated at $100 million.

Price of Chickens Increases

The South produces nearly 40 percent of the nation's poultry, and food market
managers in the Northeast, Middle West and the Rocky Mountain states said that
prices of chicken had increased in recent days, in some areas by as much as 10
cents a pound. The prices of other commodities, though, have remained largely
unaffected.

The drought also has given rise to a political dispute in South Carolina, where
Senator Ernest F. Hollings, a Democrat, accused the Reagan Administration
Thursday of delaying shipments of hay donated by farmers from Massachusetts, New
York and Oklahoma as part of an effort by better-off farmers to help those
affected by the drought.

The shipments, for South Carolina livestock, had been arranged by Democratic
lawmakers, and Mr. Hollings said the White House had refused to authorize the
use of military cargo planes to transport the hay.

''I can tell you right here and now we've not got Democratic cows or Republican
cows,'' Mr. Hollings said. ''We have hungry cows. They want hay, not politics.''

Mr. Lyng, in an appearance this morning on the NBC News program ''Today,''
denied that the Administration was politicizing the relief effort. ''I don't
think that's the case at all,'' he said.

Federal Express, the cargo airline, said that it would fly 30,000 tons of hay
donated by Massachusetts farmers to Charleston, S.C., on Sunday at no charge.
The South Carolina Air National Guard today dispatched cargo planes to pick up
donated hay in New York and Oklahoma.

Officials of the Farmers Home Administration, the Agriculture Department's
lending agency, said that $345 million of the $544 million appropriated this
year for emergency loans to farmers remained in the fund for the low-interest
loans. The agency has already lent $5.4 million in emergency funds to farmers in
the drought-stricken states.

Agency officials said they did not know whether the amount remaining would be
enough to provide assistance to all farmers who applied for the loans. Many
farmers in the South, where periodic droughts and low commodity prices have
caused economic distress since the late 1970's, have such high debts that they
would not qualify for the assistance. To receive loans, farmers must show
evidence that they can repay them.

Some Have Crop Insurance

''I hope it is not the case that we cannot help farmers because they are unable
to qualify for these loans,'' said Dwight Calhoun, acting administrator of the
agency. ''But we really don't know what the situation is.''

Some farmers in the Deep South who purchased crop insurance will receive
payments later this year from the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation, said Ray
Fosse, the manager of the program. Mr. Fosse said, though, that he could not
estimate the number of policyholders or the amount to be paid because the
process of determining payments begins in the fall, after the harvest season.

But farm leaders said they feared the drought would cause tens of thousands of
growers to lose their farms this year. Many farmers around the South used their
last dollars to plant the 1986 crop, which in many areas is ruined.

Before the drought began in March, North Carolina predicted that 10,000 of its
70,000 farmers would be forced out of business in 1986. And Georgia said that
7,000 of its 50,00 farmers would not survive the combination of low commodity
prices, high production costs and staggering debt that has caused about 200,000
farmers nationwide to lose their farms since 1983.

In the past, farmers in the Deep South could turn to work in the textile mills
or the furniture factories to help them through hard times. But in the last five
years hundreds of mills have closed and many growers and their families are
unable to find work off the farm.

'A Winter of Despair'

''We're heading into a winter of despair in the South,'' said Betty Bailey,
director of the Rural Advancement Fund Farm Survival Project, a farmers'
advocacy group in Pittsboro, N.C.

The new estimates of losses included, for the first time, the damage to the
South's $1.5 billion tobacco crop. Losses in North Carolina, where two-thirds of
the region's tobacco crop is grown, could total $100 million, according to David
Smith, a state tobacco specialist.

In South Carolina, where the tobacco crop was worth $171 million last year,
losses could total $20 million this year, said Ben Kittrell, a tobacco expert
with Clemson University.

The Department of Agriculture estimated that roughly 40 percent of the region's
$1.1 billion corn crop was ruined and Georgia's $255 million crop was largely
ruined already. Soybeans, sorghum, vegetables and hay have also been hit hard by
the lack of rain and record-high temperatures that have persisted through most
of the summer.

Columbia, S.C., which normally receives 30 inches of rain by late July, has
received 8 inches of rain, according to the Department of Agriculture.
Temperatures in Columbia topped 100 degrees for 12 straight days this month. In
some areas Thursday night and today, temperatures cooled, and the region
surrounding Tuscaloosa, Ala., was one of many Deep South areas where residents
welcomed heavy thunderstorms.

But meteorologists explained that the drought had left cropland so dehydrated
throughout most of the stricken areas that a single storm would not be enough to
repair the damage.

''What is really needed is a tropical storm, not a hurricane, a general soaking
storm,'' said Larry Hitkemper, a meteorologist with Earth Satellite Corporation,
a weather forecasting concern in Chevy Chase, Md. ''But a strong blocking mass
of dry air has centered over the Southeast and Atlantic coasts. I don't see
things changing, especially at this time of year, anytime soon.''

Throughout the day in state agriculture departments, specialists organized
shipments of donated hay. In South Carolina, Lanoe Branham, a coordinator of the
hay donation center in Columbia said: ''Every state that I can think of is
contributing hay. It's welcome. We have livestock that don't have any feed at
all.''

In Austin, Tex., the Agriculture Department began a statewide hay donation
program and the Southern Pacific Railroad agreed to haul Texas hay to St. Louis.
The CSX Corporation, operators of the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad, is arranging
to pick the hay up there for distribution in the South, said Andy Welch, a
spokesman for the Texas Department of Agriculture.

Meanwhile, poultry producers continue to clear thousands of chickens killed by
the drought from their coops. The industry has also been hurt by the loss of
corn crops meant to feed chickens and turkeys.

Frank Perdue, chairman of Perdue Farms Inc., based in Salisbury, Md., said the
most harmful losses had come in the deaths of prize hens that produce chicks.
Chickens also are not eating as well in the drought, causing losses in
production efficiency.

The lost production, coupled with increased demand for chicken nationwide,
especially from fast-food chains selling nuggets made of white meat, could cause
shortages and price rises, said Mr. Perdue.

But the availability and prices of other foods are not expected to increase,
according to the Department of Agriculture. The South produced 5 percent of the
nation's corn, 7 percent of its soybeans, and 5 percent of its dairy products,
last year. Across the Middle West and Rocky Mountain States, bumper grain crops
are growing. And dairy production is ahead of last year's record level despite a
program to kill 1.55 million cows, calves and heifers this year in an effort to
reduce the output of milk.

The toll-free telephone number to the Department of Agriculture is
1-800-433-0703. Officials will be manning the telephone Saturday from 8 A.M. to
6 P.M. and all next week in the same time period.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of soldiers at Fort Drum, N.Y. loading hay to be flown to farms
in the drought-stricken South (NYT/Bob Mahoney); Photo of Norton Strommen,
Department of Agriculture chief meteorologist with weather charts for the South
(NYT/Paul Hosefros) (page 6)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Richmond County farmers may qualify for flood disaster loans

BYLINE: Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 256 words


Dec. 28--ROCKINGHAM -- Some Richmond County family farmers could qualify for
loans due to crop losses sustained in late-October flooding, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack declared a natural disaster in North Carolina
due to losses caused by excessive rain and flooding that occurred beginning Oct.
27.

As a result of this natural disaster, five North Carolina counties were declared
eligible for federal disaster assistance, including Farm Service Agency
emergency loans for eligible family farmers. Those primary disaster counties are
Moore, Montgomery, Lee, Granville and Greene.

In addition to those five primary disaster counties, 20 additional North
Carolina counties are named as contiguous counties where eligible family farmers
may qualify for loan assistance, in accordance with Section 321(a) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

Those counties are Richmond, Anson, Scotland, Hoke, Stanly, Durham, Lenoir,
Vance, Chatham, Franklin, Person, Rowan, Wake, Cumberland, Harnett, Pitt, Wayne,
Davidson, Randolph and Wilson.

For information on eligibility and the loan application process, visit the
Richmond County Farm Service Agency office at 123 Caroline St., Suite 400 in
Rockingham, call 910-895-3950 or email county executive director Amy Hill Yaklin
at [email protected]

___ (c)2015 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151228-RU-Richmond-County-farmers-may-qualify-for-flood-disaster-loans
-1228-20151228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                  Copyright 2015 Richmond County Daily Journal


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 25, 2004 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: ELIZABETH, Ill.


Heller re-elected to committee post

Ann Heller, of Galena, was re-elected to represent local administrative area No.
1 on the Jo Daviess County Farm Service Agency committee. She began her new
three-year term Jan. 1.

The area consists of Dunleith, Menominee, Vinegar Hill, Council Hill, Scales
Mound, Guilford, Rawlins, Rice, East Galena, and West Galena townships.

Marlo Schultz, of Galena, will serve as the first alternate to the county
committee for a three-year term. Carol Timmerman, of Galena, will serve as
second alternate for a three-year term.

Heller joins Wayne Wand, of Elizabeth, and Rod Rogers, of Stockton, on the Jo
Daviess County Committee for 2004.

Eligibility rules set for emergency loans

MADISON, Wis. - Farmers in 15 Wisconsin counties, including Lafayette, may be
eligible for Farm Service Agency emergency loans.

To be eligible, producers must have suffered qualifying physical or production
damages or losses caused by drought conditions that occurred from July 1 through
Aug. 30, 2003.

Farmers have until June 23 to file an application.

Contact a local U.S. Department of Agriculture service center for more
information.

Sign-up period to end

WASHINGTON - The sign-up period ends Friday for the Crop Disaster Program, which
provides payments for producers who suffered 2001 or 2002 crop-year losses due
to a natural disaster.

More information on the Crop Disaster Program and other U.S. Department of
Agriculture disaster assistance programs is available at local Farm Service
Agency offices or at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

Scholarship contest set

The Dubuque County Farm Bureau women's committee will sponsor a scholarship
contest for high school seniors.

First place prize will be $$ @1,500, second place $$ @1,000 and third $$ @500.
The top two winners also will be entered into the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation's
scholarship contest in which 54 scholarships of $$ @1,000 each will be awarded.
Applicants must be Farm Bureau family members.

Application forms have been mailed to all high schools in Dubuque County. Forms
also available online at iowafarmbureau.com, in the leadership and education
section. For more information or to obtain forms, call 563/556-5275.

System training offered

MANCHESTER, Iowa - A Global Positioning System training will be held Saturday at
the Delaware County Extension office in Manchester.  Preregistration is required
by calling the office at 563/927-4201

Course available

MANCHESTER, Iowa - A Private Pesticide Applicator Continuing Instruction Course
will be held from 1:30 p.m.- 3:30 p.m. Feb. 2 at the F&M Bank, Manchester.
Preregistration is required by calling the Delaware County Extension office at
563/927-4201.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 20, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Tough Tactics Hinted To Push Farm Aid;
Senators Threaten Filibuster on Meese

BYLINE: By Dan Balz and Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writers; Staff
writer Loretta Tofani contributed to this report.

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 651 words


Farm-state legislators desperate to help constituents on the edge of bankruptcy
moved yesterday to take parliamentary hostages in both houses of Congress until
an aid program is worked out with the White House and scheduled for a vote.

Senators from farm states were threatening to filibuster the confirmation vote
on Edwin L. Meese III as attorney general. They and some House members also were
considering tacking farm credit provisions onto an emergency bill the
administration has requested providing aid for victims of the African drought.

The House Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday approved a $175 million
authorization of emergency supplemental aid for drought-stricken African nations
where thousands have died of famine. A House Appropriations subcommittee was
expected to take further action today.

"We cannot wait," Sen. David L. Boren (D-Okla.) said for the farm state members
in threatening to filibuster the Meese nomination. "We need action . . . in the
next few days to avert disaster."

The filibuster threat provoked a testy response from Senate Majority Leader
Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.), who warned his colleagues not "to play political games"
over the Meese nomination.

He told the farm state legislators that if they continue to pressure him on farm
aid by tying up the Meese nomination, "we may not get around to addressing the
problem."

"I don't know of anybody who's got a solution," Dole said sarcastically, noting
that Meese had been waiting a year for his confirmation as attorney general,
while the farm problem had been around for 40 years.

Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) responded that some farmers in his state had been
"waiting two to three years" for help from the government. He asked Dole earlier
why it was more important to take up the Meese nomination rather than help
farmers "who are going under."

"Do you have a bill you want to call up right now?" the Majority Leader shot
back.

Harkin, a freshman Democrat, said he was prepared to write one on the spot if
necessary.

Dole and Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.), chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee, met with Boren, Sen. J. James Exon (D- Neb.) and Sen. Alan J. Dixon
(D-Ill.) just before the exchange on the Senate floor in an effort to head off
the threatened filibuster.

The farm state legislators emerged to say that Dole and Helms had agreed to get
the administration to "price out" various proposals for helping thousands of
beleaguered farmers who face possible bankruptcy if they cannot get credit to
help plant their spring crops.

"They're sitting on death row today," said Sen. David H. Pryor (D-Ark.).

The farm state senators have not agreed among themselves on a specific package
to put to a vote, but some of them outlined key elements they would like to see
in it. They include a spring advance on price-support loans that farmers
normally qualify for in the fall, more loan guarantees, debt restructuring with
lower interest rates, and greater leniency in dealing with the loans of
hard-pressed farmers.

The administration has proposed an aid plan for farmers that the senators
denounced as too little and too late. Angry senators said yesterday that it was
time for President Reagan to get involved in the issue, rather than letting
budget director David Stockman and Agriculture Secretary John R. Block speak for
the administration.

Stockman offered an apology of sorts to the farm community yesterday, saying he
had not meant in earlier comments to suggest that the credit crisis was the
farmers' fault. But he insisted again that the government cannot bail them out,
United Press International reported.

The farm state legislators said they would allow debate over Meese's nomination
to begin but promised to filibuster if Dole tried to press for a vote.

Dole predicted that Meese would win confirmation easily, despite objections to
his nomination by some Democrats.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 20, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Tough Tactics Hinted To Push Farm Aid;
Senators Threaten Filibuster on Meese

BYLINE: By Dan Balz and Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writers; Staff
writer Loretta Tofani contributed to this report.

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 651 words


Farm-state legislators desperate to help constituents on the edge of bankruptcy
moved yesterday to take parliamentary hostages in both houses of Congress until
an aid program is worked out with the White House and scheduled for a vote.

Senators from farm states were threatening to filibuster the confirmation vote
on Edwin L. Meese III as attorney general. They and some House members also were
considering tacking farm credit provisions onto an emergency bill the
administration has requested providing aid for victims of the African drought.

The House Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday approved a $175 million
authorization of emergency supplemental aid for drought-stricken African nations
where thousands have died of famine. A House Appropriations subcommittee was
expected to take further action today.

"We cannot wait," Sen. David L. Boren (D-Okla.) said for the farm state members
in threatening to filibuster the Meese nomination. "We need action . . . in the
next few days to avert disaster."

The filibuster threat provoked a testy response from Senate Majority Leader
Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.), who warned his colleagues not "to play political games"
over the Meese nomination.

He told the farm state legislators that if they continue to pressure him on farm
aid by tying up the Meese nomination, "we may not get around to addressing the
problem."

"I don't know of anybody who's got a solution," Dole said sarcastically, noting
that Meese had been waiting a year for his confirmation as attorney general,
while the farm problem had been around for 40 years.

Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) responded that some farmers in his state had been
"waiting two to three years" for help from the government. He asked Dole earlier
why it was more important to take up the Meese nomination rather than help
farmers "who are going under."

"Do you have a bill you want to call up right now?" the Majority Leader shot
back.

Harkin, a freshman Democrat, said he was prepared to write one on the spot if
necessary.

Dole and Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.), chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee, met with Boren, Sen. J. James Exon (D- Neb.) and Sen. Alan J. Dixon
(D-Ill.) just before the exchange on the Senate floor in an effort to head off
the threatened filibuster.

The farm state legislators emerged to say that Dole and Helms had agreed to get
the administration to "price out" various proposals for helping thousands of
beleaguered farmers who face possible bankruptcy if they cannot get credit to
help plant their spring crops.

"They're sitting on death row today," said Sen. David H. Pryor (D-Ark.).

The farm state senators have not agreed among themselves on a specific package
to put to a vote, but some of them outlined key elements they would like to see
in it. They include a spring advance on price-support loans that farmers
normally qualify for in the fall, more loan guarantees, debt restructuring with
lower interest rates, and greater leniency in dealing with the loans of
hard-pressed farmers.

The administration has proposed an aid plan for farmers that the senators
denounced as too little and too late. Angry senators said yesterday that it was
time for President Reagan to get involved in the issue, rather than letting
budget director David Stockman and Agriculture Secretary John R. Block speak for
the administration.

Stockman offered an apology of sorts to the farm community yesterday, saying he
had not meant in earlier comments to suggest that the credit crisis was the
farmers' fault. But he insisted again that the government cannot bail them out,
United Press International reported.

The farm state legislators said they would allow debate over Meese's nomination
to begin but promised to filibuster if Dole tried to press for a vote.

Dole predicted that Meese would win confirmation easily, despite objections to
his nomination by some Democrats.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 21, 1998, Saturday

Weather-weary farmers eligible for assistance

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 157 words



Hernando County, which has been designated a disaster area by President  Clinton
as a result of recent severe storms, is eligible to receive assistance  from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.

Eligible family farmers may qualify for emergency loan assistance for  repairing
or restoring damaged farm property, reimbursement of expenses  already incurred,
reimbursement of production expenses for damaged or  destroyed crop and
livestock enterprises and producing new crops.

Loans are limited to family-size farm operators and $ 500,000 total
indebtedness, 80 percent of the calculated actual production loss and 100
percent of the actual physical loss.

Payment terms depend on the purpose of the loan and the applicant's ability  to
repay the loan. Applications may be obtained from the Pasco/Hernando FSA
office, One Pasco Center, 30407 Commerce Drive, San Antonio, or call (352)
588-5211.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Cooperative banks to disburse loan against warehouse receipts

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 24 -- In keeping with the National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Developments policy of extending loans to farmers against warehouse
receipts of farm produce, the branches of Tiruchi District Central Cooperative
Bank and Primary Agricultural Cooperative Banks will be extending loans to
farmers based on warehouse receipts, said G.Rajendra Prasad, Joint Registrar of
Cooperatives, Tiruchi.

Speaking at a function held at Lalgudi on Tuesday, he said the scheme had helped
farmers to avail loan against commodities kept in cold storages and warehouses.
It was aimed at preventing distress sale of farm produce. The loan would help
the farmers to meet their emergency expenses. The farmers could sell the
products when they get a good price, and repay the loan. All PACBs and TDCCB
branches would accept warehouse receipts for lending loan. Suresh Kumar,
Assistant General Manager, NABARD, said as many as 29 warehouses had been
constructed in Tiruchi district on PACB premises. The farmers could store their
produce in the warehouses and they would be given receipts for it. Interested
farmers could get loans with the help of these receipts from commercial banks.

N.Ramaiah, Deputy Registrar, K.K.Selvaraj, Managing Director, Tiruchi District
Cooperative Union, and S.M.Balan, Lalgudi Sivagnanam Agricultural Sales
Association, spoke.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Willie Ole Knute KJELDAHL, et al., Plaintiffs v. John BLOCK,
                      Secretary of Agriculture, Defendant

                              Civ. A. No. 82-2745

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

           579 F. Supp. 1130; 1983 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 14251; 37 Fed. R.
                            Serv. 2d (Callaghan) 709


                                August 29, 1983

CORE TERMS: farmer, emergency, farm, farm income, agricultural, agriculture,
loan programs, crop, delinquency, farm credit, interest rate, briefing, lender,
farm income, stress, bankers, rural, insure, sector, certification, commodity,
improved, enjoyed, deposit, staff, ratio, summary judgment, attachments,
depressed, conferees

COUNSEL:  [**1]  Douglas B. Huron, Stein & Huron, Washington, District of
Columbia, for plaintiffs.

Neil H. Koslowe, Dept. of Justice, Washington, District of Columbia, for
defendant.

JUDGES: Flannery, District Judge.

OPINION BY: FLANNERY

OPINION

 [*1131]  MEMORANDUM

FLANNERY, District Judge.

This matter is before the court on cross-motions for summary judgment.
Plaintiffs contend that defendant Secretary of Agriculture ("Secretary") in
fiscal year ("FY") 1982 unlawfully refused to implement the program of
guaranteed and insured loans created by the Emergency Agricultural Credit
Adjustment Act of 1978, as amended, 7 U.S.C. prec. 1961 note (the "Act").  The
Secretary argues that the Act gave him the discretion to determine whether or
not economic emergency conditions existed which warranted issuance of loan
guarantees under the Act, and that he exercised his discretion reasonably in
refusing to authorize any such guarantees in FY 1982.

On September 28, 1982 Judge Joyce Hens Green granted plaintiffs' motion for a
temporary restraining order and enjoined the Secretary from making any
disbursements from the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund (the "Fund"), created
pursuant to 7 U.S.C. § 1929, which would [**2]  deplete the Fund below $600
million -- the total of loans which the act authorized the Secretary to
guarantee or insure in FY 1982.  On October 26, 1982 this court denied
plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction, finding that plaintiffs had
failed to demonstrate irreparable injury in the absence of injunctive relief,
for two reasons.  Although the Secretary's authority under the Act to insure or
guarantee loans expired on September 30, 1982, if the court finds that he
unlawfully failed to act while he still enjoyed that authority, he may exercise
it pursuant to court order.  Jacksonville Port Authority v. Adams, 181 U.S. App.
D.C. 175, 556 F.2d 52, 56-57 (D.C.Cir.1977). And the "revolving" nature of the
Fund is such that there is no danger of it being depleted.  Consequently, even
without preliminary injunctive relief, plaintiffs will be able to receive any
relief to which they are entitled.

The parties argued their cross-motions for summary judgment on November 17,
1982.  On November 29, 1982, the court ordered the Secretary to submit
supplemental affidavits and memoranda detailing the data considered by the
Secretary and the frequency and manner of his consideration,  [**3]  in order to
permit the court to properly review the reasonableness of the Secretary's
decision.  The Secretary submitted his supplemental memoranda on December 15,
1982.  Plaintiffs responded to the supplemental submission on January 14, 1983.

For the reasons set forth below, upon careful consideration of the entire record
in this case, the court shall grant plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment and
deny that of defendant.

 [*1132] Background

In 1978 Congress enacted the Emergency Agricultural Credit Adjustment Act,
Pub.L. No. 95-334, 92 Stat. 429 (1978), 7 U.S.C. prec. 1961 note, creating an
economic loan guarantee program.  Congress sought to address "the most stressed
economic conditions which have prevailed for decades" in American agriculture.
H.R.Rep. No. 986, 95th Cong., 2d Sess. 12 (1978), U.S.Code Cong. & Admin.News,
pp. 1106, 1117.  Noting that farmers suffered from declining income, sagging
commodity prices, increased production costs, and low crop yields, Congress
found a need for economic emergency loans analogous to those loans which were
available to farmers who were victims of natural disasters.  Id. at 14-15.
Existing programs were inadequate,  [**4]  Congress found, because farm
ownership and operating loans could be made only to family farmers, and
historically, insufficient funds existed to meet the demands for ownership
loans.  Id. at 15.

Under Section 202 of the Act, Congress authorized the Secretary of Agriculture
to guarantee or insure loans made to bona fide farmers -- including farm
cooperatives, corporations, or partnerships -- who had adequate experience or
training, needed credit, and were unable to obtain sufficient credit from
private sources due to economic stresses. Section 205 of the Act required that
the private lender and the farmer certify that credit could not be obtained in
the absence of the federal guarantee.  The Act limited the total amount of loans
which could be insured or guaranteed through the end of 1979 to $4 billion.

In 1980 Congress voted to extend the program through September 30, 1981 and to
increase the ceiling to $6 billion.  Pub.L.No. 96-220, 94 Stat. 129 (1980).  The
program had been created, Congress noted, at a time of severe financial stress
for farmers and, Congress concluded, "today there remains a critical need for
the type of credit provided by the Act." H.R.Rep. No. 782, 96th [**5]  Cong., 2d
Sess. 4 (1980).  Net farm income was down, reducing farmers' ability to repay
existing debt and increasing their need for refinancing, at a time when
production costs were rising rapidly and banks suffered from a scarcity of funds
with which to make loans.  Id. Congress sought to tighten administration of the
program, however, and so added a requirement that each applicant submit one
written refusal of credit from a private lender. Congress further directed the
Secretary to prepare a comprehensive report on the program's effectiveness.

The Secretary submitted his report in January 1981, concluding that the program
had fulfilled its basic objectives, but that it was no longer necessary for two
reasons.  First, credit conditions had improved; second, any need for credit
which might exist could be met by increasing the funding in existing operating
and farm ownership loan programs.  U.S. Department of Agriculture, Farmers Home
Administration, Economic Emergency Farm Loan Program Evaluation Study Report
25-27 (1981). 1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 The report is attached as Attachment 1 to defendant's motion for summary
judgment.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**6]  Later in 1981, as the program approached expiration, Congress was
divided as to its extension.  The Senate passed an omnibus farm bill which did
not include an extension of the economic loan program. S.Rep. No. 97-126, 97th
Cong., 1st Sess. (1981), U.S.Code Cong. & Admin.News, p. 1965.  The House of
Representatives, on the other hand, included in its version of the 1981 farm
bill an amendment to the Act which simply extended the program for one year,
until September 30, 1982.  No mutually agreeable version of the farm bill was
passed, however, before the end of the fiscal year, and consequently the
Secretary's authority to make economic emergency loans expired on September 31,
1981.

A conference committee met to reconcile the conflicting farm bills and
compromised on the extension of the economic emergency loan program by extending
it until September 30, 1982, but limiting the amount of loans which could be
guaranteed or insured in any one fiscal year to $600 million and including in
the Conference Report the following limiting language:


      [*1133]  The Emergency Agricultural Credit Adjustment Act of 1978
     provides the Secretary broad authority to determine the scope of the
     [**7]  economic emergency loan program and eligibility for
     participation in the program in accordance with the Act's provisions.
     The statute creates no entitlement for farmers to receive loans and is
     discretionary in nature.  It is the intent of the conferees, in
     agreeing to an extension of the Act, that the Secretary judiciously
     use the authority to insure and guarantee loans to farmers under the
     Act.  Of course, the conferees intend that the Secretary use the
     authority in the Act to cope with economic emergencies.


H.R.Rep. No. 377, 97th Cong., 1st Sess. 270 (1981), U.S.Code Cong. & Admin.News,
p. 2367.  As agreed to by the conferees, the extension of the Act was passed by
Congress on December 22, 1981.  Pub.L. No. 97-98, 95 Stat. 1213 (1981).  Despite
the extension, however, the Secretary made no economic emergency loans under the
Act in FY 1982.  It is this refusal which plaintiffs challenge in this action.

Discussion

A.  Motion for class certification

Plaintiffs have moved for certification of a class which would include
essentially all farmers and ranchers who meet the eligibility criteria
enumerated in the Act: being primarily and directly engaged in agriculture,
[**8]  having the requisite training or experience, needing credit and unable to
obtain it in the absence of the federal guarantee or insurance.  Defendants
oppose the motion for class certification, arguing that the only plaintiffs with
standing would be those farmers who applied for loans under the program and were
rejected, or inquired about the program and were told it had been terminated, or
those who by the Secretary's actions were discouraged from applying or
inquiring.  To determine the contours of the class would require an inquiry into
the state of mind of each potential class member, argues defendant, rendering
this controversy inappropriate for class resolution.

The court finds that the proposed class is properly certifiable under Fed.Rule
Civ.Pro. 23(b)(1) or 23(b)(2).  In the three years the program did operate more
than 67,000 farmers participated, and there is no reason to believe that a
proportionately large number would not have participated had the program been
implemented by the Secretary during the approximately nine months of its
extension.  Consequently, the class is so numerous as to make joinder
impracticable.  The common questions of law and fact all turn on the [**9]
legality of the Secretary's admitted refusal to implement the program.
Defendant does not contest the named plaintiffs' ability to prosecute this
action to protect the interests of the class fairly and adequately.  Prosecution
of separate actions could result in inconsistent adjudications, and the
Secretary has refused to act -- has refused to implement the program -- on
grounds applicable to the class generally.

Defendant's contention that the motion should be denied because of the
difficulty of identifying precisely all the members of the class is without
merit.  Plaintiffs seek a reopening of the program for a period of time equal to
that for which it was extended by Congress in 1981.  Procedures governing the
program require farmers seeking its benefits to file written applications
certifying that they are indeed bona fide farmers or ranchers as defined by the
Act, have proper training or experience, need credit and cannot otherwise obtain
it.  Through the application and certification process, therefore, the Secretary
will be able to identify class members.  Defendant's suggestion that the parties
and the court will have to engage in ephemeral inquiries into the state of mind
[**10]  of class members between December 22, 1981 and September 30, 1982 is
without foundation.  If the Secretary unlawfully refused to implement the
economic loan program, in fashioning an equitable remedy the court will not be
bound by the strictures urged by the defendant.  Instead, the court has the
power to order the Secretary to reopen the program and process applications.
See Guadamuz v. Ash, 368 F. Supp. 1233 (D.D.C.1973);  [*1134]  Commonwealth v.
Lynn, 362 F. Supp. 1363 (D.D.C.1973), rev'd on other grounds, 501 F.2d 84
(D.C.Cir.1974). Of course, only those applicants who meet the statutory
requirements will be entitled to receive assistance under the Act.

B.  Discretion of the Secretary under the Act

Plaintiffs argue that the Secretary's refusal to implement the Act in FY 1982
was contrary to law and beyond the scope of his authority because he enjoyed no
discretion under the Act to refuse to guarantee or insure economic emergency
loans.  Congress made a finding in passing the Act in 1978, say plaintiffs, that
an economic emergency existed, and left no authority in the Secretary to find to
the contrary.  They point to the legislative history of the original [**11]  Act
and its 1980 extension, both of which describe the severe financial hardships
faced by farmers. See H.R.Rep. No. 986, 95th Cong., 2d Sess. 11-13 (1978);
H.R.Rep. No. 782, 96th Cong., 2d Sess. 4-5 (1980).  The relevant portion of the
section-by-section analysis of the Act in the 1978 report states that the Act
"authorizes and directs the Secretary of Agriculture to provide financial
assistance through insured or guaranteed loans . . . ." H.R.Rep. No. 986, 95th
Cong., 2d Sess. 47 (1978) (emphasis added).  The only discretion the Secretary
did have, contend plaintiffs, was to refuse particular individual applicants who
failed to meet the certification criteria required by the Act.

Plaintiffs' argument, though not without force, is not persuasive.  Despite the
force of the language in the legislative history describing farmers' dire
conditions, several elements indicate that Congress intended to leave the
Secretary a broader measure of discretion than plaintiffs would allow.  Although
in the 1978 report Congress "directs" the Secretary to provide assistance, the
statute itself in Section 202 provides that "the Secretary of Agriculture may
insure or guarantee loans . .  [**12]  . ." (Emphasis added).  And that section
of the legislative history which "directs" the Secretary to provide assistance
says it must go to those who "are unable at the time the application is filed to
obtain sufficient credit from their normal credit sources to finance their needs
at reasonable rates and terms." H.R.Rep. No. 986, 95th Cong., 2d Sess. 47
(1978); U.S.Code Cong. & Admin. News, p. 1152.  Presumably, then, the Secretary
had the authority to determine that no assistance would be provided because
rural banks had sufficient funds to provide credit at reasonable rates and
terms.

Furthermore, Congress explicitly modeled the Act after an earlier program which
allowed the Secretary to provide financial assistance selectively.  As described
in the House report accompanying the original Act in 1978, from 1953 to 1961 the
Farmers Home Administration had an economic emergency loan program which
authorized the Secretary "to make emergency loans to farmers and ranchers in
areas where he found that an economic disaster had caused a need for
agricultural credit . . . ." Id. at 15, U.S.Code Cong. & Admin.News, p. 1120
(emphasis added).  Under that program then, the Secretary was [**13]  free to
direct the flow of aid to those particular needy areas where he determined an
economic emergency existed. Congress displayed a similar sensitivity to the
potentially unequal impact of financial stress in 1978, when it noted that:


     Average cost of production per unit of output is extremely variable
     from farmer to farmer and region to region.  This accounts for some
     farmers being in a more critical financial position than others.


Id. at 13, U.S.Code Cong. & Admin.News, p. 1118.  Just as in the earlier
program, therefore, Congress intended to provide the Secretary with the
discretion to pinpoint those areas most in need and to direct assistance
accordingly.

In any event, whatever doubts which may have existed as to the Secretary's
discretion were dispelled when Congress extended the program in 1981.  As noted
above, the House and Senate were split on the question of the program's
extension.  The compromise reached by the conferees extended the program, but
made  [*1135]  clear the broad discretion in the Secretary to draw the limits of
its implementation.  The conferees stated that the Act "provides the Secretary
broad authority to determine the scope of [**14]  the economic emergency loan
program." H.R.Rep. No. 377, 97th Cong., 1st Sess. 270 (1981); U.S.Code Cong. &
Admin.News, p. 2367.  The Act, they continued, "creates no entitlement for
farmers to receive loans and is discretionary in nature." Id. More explicit
support for the Secretary's position is hard to imagine.  Accordingly, as to the
first issue in this case, the court holds that under the Act the Secretary
enjoyed broad discretionary authority to determine whether and to what extent
economic conditions warranted implementation of the program.

C. The Secretary's exercise of his discretion

The discretion enjoyed by the Secretary is not, however, unbounded.  To be sure,
the standard of review is a highly deferential one, and the court may not
substitute its judgment for that of the agency.  Environmental Defense Fund v.
Costle, 211 U.S. App. D.C. 313, 657 F.2d 275, 283 (D.C.Cir.1981). But the court,
under the standards set forth in the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. §
553 et seq., must set aside agency action which is "arbitrary, capricious, an
abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law." 5 U.S.C. §
706(2)(A).  For its decision to [**15]  be sustained, "the agency must consider
all of the relevant factors and demonstrate a reasonable connection between the
facts on the record and the resulting policy choice." Sierra Club v. Costle, 211
U.S. App. D.C. 336, 657 F.2d 298, 323 (D.C.Cir.1981). To judge the
reasonableness of the connection between the facts and the agency action the
court "must engage in a 'substantial inquiry' into the facts, one that is
'searching and careful.'" Ethyl Corp. v. Environmental Protection Agency, 176
U.S. App, D.C. 373, 541 F.2d 1, 34 (D.C.Cir.1976) (en banc) (quoting Citizens to
Preserve Overton Park v. Volpe, 401 U.S. 402, 415, 91 S. Ct. 814, 823, 28 L. Ed.
2d 136 (1971)), cert. denied, 426 U.S. 941, 96 S. Ct. 2663, 49 L. Ed. 2d 394, 96
S. Ct. 2662 (1976).

In the case at bar, the Secretary first attempted to support his decision only
by the affidavit of Frank W. Naylor, Jr., Under Secretary for Small Community
and Rural Development of the Department of Agriculture. In his affidavit,
attached to defendant's memorandum in support of his motion for summary
judgment, Mr. Naylor states simply that on the basis of continuous monitoring of
agricultural credit conditions, as well [**16]  as consideration of guidelines
previously identified to certain members of Congress, the Secretary and his
staff concluded that no economic emergency loans should be made in FY 1982.  The
factors referred to were identified in correspondence with members of Congress,
copies of which were attached to the first Naylor affidavit.  They included (1)
current loan to deposit ratios of rural banks in a particular state, (2)
declines in a state's net farm income, (3) variations in the crop yields of the
major crops within a state, and (4) a significant upward change in the number of
classified loans held by conventional or farm credit system agricultural lenders
in a state.

In an order dated November 29, 1982 this Court ordered the Secretary to submit a
supplemental affidavit which would demonstrate the type of data considered by
the Secretary, the frequency and manner in which the data were collected and
considered by the Secretary, as well as the underlying data presented to and
considered by the Secretary or his designee ultimately responsible for the
decision that no economic emergency loans would be made in FY 1982.

Although the Secretary protested that his first submission was adequate,  [**17]
on December 15, 1982 he responded to the court's order with another, longer
affidavit from Mr. Naylor accompanied by thirteen voluminous attachments. In his
second affidavit Mr. Naylor expanded the list of factors considered, adding to
those above (1) whether credit was available from other lenders, (2) whether
FmHA operating or emergency loans were available, (3) declines in a state's
share of national net farm income, (4) whether a state was experiencing
"abnormal economic stress",  [*1136]  and (5) the "overall health of
agricultural credit."

According to his affidavit, Mr. Naylor obtained his data from a variety of
sources in a variety of ways.  He first lists meetings held throughout the year
with various interested groups, including eight meetings with Farm Credit System
entities, ten with representatives of the private banking sector, and four with
what he labels "interested groups".  Half of these meetings were conducted in
connection with speeches given by Mr. Naylor to the concerned group.  In
addition, the Secretary established an ad hoc committee made up of private
agricultural lenders which Naylor says met periodically to monitor the credit
situation.  Finally, Naylor [**18]  regularly examined reports from various
sources, including quarterly reports from the Farm Credit Administration which
gave the results of the ad hoc committee's monitoring, periodic letters from the
American Bankers Association outlining its analysis, monthly reports published
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System entitled Agricultural
Finance Databook, and briefing papers prepared for the Secretary by the
Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service.  Examples of the above
reports are attached to Naylor's second affidavit.

Upon analysis of the factors listed by the Secretary and the data considered by
him, the court finds that the Secretary's refusal to implement the economic
emergency loan program in FY 1982 was arbitrary, capricious and an abuse of
discretion.  To begin with, at least two of the factors listed are of doubtful
relevance in deciding whether an economic emergency exists in agriculture.
First, variations in crop yields within a particular state, when considered
alone and without any price component, say little about farmers' economic
well-being.  As plaintiffs point out, it is often during years of bountiful
harvests that farmers are [**19]  most hard-pressed, because the abundance of
production drives prices down, even below costs of production.  Furthermore,
even assuming that variations in crop yields were relevant, the Secretary
presented to the court no example of the particular, state-by-state data which
he purported to consider.  Instead, within the Secretary's submissions are only
a few general references on a national scale, such as a reference to larger than
expected corn, soybeans and spring wheat harvests found in the Farm Credit
Administration's second quarter report.  Second Naylor Affidavit, Attachment
("Att.") 4 at 3. 2

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 All attachments hereinafter referred to are attached to Mr. Naylor's second
affidavit, unless otherwise indicated.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Second, the Secretary initially said he would consider declines in a state's
farm income, but later modified that slightly to say he would consider declines
in a particular state's share of national net farm income. Presumably, then, the
Secretary would have viewed an absence of decline in that share [**20]  as a
sign that no emergency existed in that state.  But it is apparent that a
particular state's farm income could decline in absolute terms, even while its
percentage share of national farm income remained stable, if farm income as a
whole dropped nationally.  Consequently, both crop yields viewed in a vacuum and
farm income viewed as a share of national income are both irrelevant to a
determination of farmers' economic well-being.

More important, however, is the fact that to the extent that the remaining
factors cited by the Secretary are relevant, the data submitted in the
attachments to the second Naylor affidavit paint an unrelievedly bleak picture
of the farmers' economic state in 1982, completely contrary to the Secretary's
finding that no economic emergency existed.

For example, net farm income, when stated in absolute terms as the Secretary did
in the first Naylor affidavit, is of course relevant to farmers' economic
well-being.  But the news about farm income received by the Secretary was all
bad.  On January 28, 1982, about one month after  [*1137]  Congress voted to
extend the economic emergency loan program, and only one week after the
Secretary announced the formation [**21]  of his ad hoc committee to monitor
agricultural credit, the Secretary received a briefing paper prepared by his
staff entitled "Financial Conditions in the Farm Sector." The report began as
follows:


     Farm sector financial conditions have deteriorated due to adverse
     developments in four important financial variables --  and farm
     equity.  During the last two years net farm income has been at
     depressed levels and is expected to decline further this year.  Cash
     flow problems exist for almost every type of farm and region.  Farmers
     have historically utilized credit, made available to them because of
     growing farm equity, to fill the cash flow gap produced by periodic
     slumps in farm income. However, the price of this credit (interest
     rate) has risen dramatically above historic levels in the last two
     years and, despite some recent easing, is expected to remain high in
     1982.

     * * *

     Farm sector income has been at depressed levels for two consecutive
     years, and prospects for 1982 are bleak.  Current USDA forecasts for
     net farm income suggest a decline of about 37 percent to $14.4 billion
     in 1982.

     Net cash income is expected to fall for the third consecutive year to
     [**22]  $25.9 billion, a 12 percent decrease from 1981 levels.


Att. 12 at 1.

Nor did conditions improve in the course of the year.  On May 28, 1982 the Farm
Credit Administration submitted to the Secretary its report on farm credit
conditions during the first quarter of 1982.  The report noted that "farm income
prospects have not changed significantly in the past several months" and
described a "serious weakness in the farm income picture." Att. 3 at 1, 2.  Only
days later a briefing paper prepared by the Secretary's staff stated that real
net farm income had dropped 46 percent from 1979 to 1980, had remained unchanged
through 1981, and was expected by some to experience a sharp decline in 1982.
Att. 13 at 7.  Consequently, "many [lenders] have indicated that if farm income
does not improve in 1983, conditions could indeed become very serious." Id. at 1
.

The American Bankers Association concurred.  On June 15, 1982, the ABA sent the
Secretary a letter saying that since the first meeting of the Secretary's ad hoc
committee in January,


     agriculture's economic situation has not improved. Although livestock
     prices overall recently have strengthened, commodity prices are [**23]
     still depressed to the point where production expenses are not met.
     Therefore farmers continue to be in a negative net farm income
     situation.  Farm operators are using up the equity in their land and
     machinery to continue very tight operating bases.


Att. 7 at 1.

The formal report of the Farm Credit Administration on the second quarter of
1982 confirmed the above descriptions.  Due to record large corn, soybean and
spring wheat crops, "crop commodity prices have been in a tailspin seeking new
bottoms." Att. 4 at 1.  Those large supplies, coupled with high interest rates,
"suggest another year of declining farm income." Id. at 2.

Most of the remaining factors considered by the Secretary -- such as loan to
deposit ratios at rural banks, loan delinquency rates, availability of credit
from private or other governmental lenders -- are linked more directly to the
Secretary's monitoring of credit conditions in the farm economy. 3 But here
again, the information reviewed by the Secretary in this regard was almost
uniformly negative, and contrary to the Secretary's decision.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 The other remaining factors -- whether a state was experiencing "abnormal
economic stress" and the "overall health of agricultural credit" -- are so broad
as to include all the other factors, and so will not be discussed separately.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**24]  [*1138]   The Secretary himself recognized the gravity of the situation
when, in a January 21, 1982 press release announcing the formation of his ad hoc
advisory committee, he said that "many farmers are experiencing temporary credit
and cash flow problems." Att. 1 at 1.  A month later the American Bankers
Association, in a letter to the Secretary, echoed this observation:


     The primary limiting factor on use of credit will be the debt
     servicing ability of farmers. At year-end 1981, financial statements
     show expected declines in net worth and deterioration in financial
     ratios. However, the biggest problem is the shortfall in cash flow
     resulting from negative net incomes.  Many farmers cannot tighten
     their "credit" belts further.


Att. 5 at 1.  The ABA warned that another year of low corn and soybean prices
coupled with continuing high interest rates "will drive a large number of crop
producers into a serious problem by this fall." Id. A few weeks later, in early
March, 1982 the ABA submitted a more formal report to the Secretary, containing
the following summary of its conclusions:
     In summary, the deteriorated financial condition of farmers is
     primarily [**25]  due to low livestock and crop prices and in some
     areas, further aggravated by below average yields, combined with high
     interest rates, and continued high operating costs has broadly
     resulted in a negative net farm income. This has been accompanied by a
     general decrease in value of inventories and capital items resulting
     in a decline in net worth.  The bankers are very concerned about the
     farm economy of 1982.


Att. 6 at 4.

By mid-year the farm credit market had not improved. In late May, 1982 the Farm
Credit Administration submitted to the Secretary its report on the first
quarter.  It stated that the growth in the volume of agricultural lending had
shown a "marked slowdown." Att. 3 at 2.  The increases in renewals and
refinancings indicated that some farmers were having difficulty repaying 1982
loans.  Id. Delinquencies were up significantly, and there was also a
"significant increase in the amount of time and effort required to work with
borrowers to develop financial plans for 1982." Id. at 3.  Rising interest rates
were contributing to a "cost squeeze" on farm income. Id. The report concluded:


     Unless income conditions improve from current prospects,  [**26]  it
     is expected that the general trend in these statistics will continue
     and thus 1983 credit quality problems are a significant potential
     concern.


Id.

A few weeks later the American Bankers Association arrived at similar
conclusions.  In a letter to the Secretary dated June 15, 1982, the ABA noted
that since the first meeting of the Secretary's ad hoc committee in January
1982, "agriculture's economic situation has not improved." Att. 7 at 1.
Commodity prices remained depressed, and as a result, "commercial banks are very
concerned about the financial health of their farm customers." Id. (emphasis in
original).  The ABA lamented that interest payments were taking up a large part
of many farmers' operating budgets and concluded: "Farmers can sustain for a
period of time depressed commodity prices or high interest rates, but not both
at the same time." Id.

The result of this financial stress was predictable.  Throughout the year the
Secretary received reports of growing numbers of delinquent loans and
foreclosures. In March 1982 the Farm Credit Administration reported an increase
in short and long-term loan delinquencies in the first month of 1982 over a year
[**27]  earlier.  Att. 2 at 2.  In February 1982 the American Bankers
Association reported that delinquencies were "higher than one likes", although
they did not then reflect a "crisis" situation.  Att. 5 at 1.  Still, the ABA
noted that "because of current capital marketing conditions, there is
effectively only one long-term lender (the Federal Land Bank) available to
agriculture." Id. at 2.  The equity farmers had in their land was already
pledged to the hilt and producers were "highly leveraged." Id. The ABA warned
that "lack of significant improvement in farm income will result  [*1139]  in a
substantial increase in [foreclosure] sales by next winter." Id.

Again, the picture remained the same through the spring.  A briefing paper
submitted to the Secretary on June 1, 1982 noted that delinquencies and
foreclosures in some parts of the country had doubled or tripled.  Att. 13 at 1.
Even though the situation had not reached "crisis proportions ", private lenders
indicated that they were "very concerned about the trend." Id. The Farm Credit
Administration's second quarter report to the Secretary noted a decline in
delinquencies, but emphasized that it was only seasonal.  [**28]  Att. 4 at 2.
Still, the FCA listed five states with delinquencies in FmHA loans ranging from
27 percent to 55 percent.  The report concluded:


     On the surface, delinquency figures suggest that financial stress in
     agriculture eased somewhat between March 31 and June 30, 1982 . . . .
     Closer study of delinquency data, however, and a review of loan
     liquidation statistics indicate that financial stress has not
     improved.


Id. at 3.

The only evidence submitted by the Secretary which might arguably support his
determination is found in occasional statements, sprinkled through the various
reports he considered, that rural banks had ample funds to lend to farmers. For
example, a January 28, 1982 briefing paper prepared by the Secretary's staff
said that agricultural banks were liquid -- in other words, they had a
relatively low loan to deposit ratio, -- and consequently had ample funds for
farm lending.  Att. 12 at 3.  See also, Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, Agricultural Finance Databook (December 1981, May 1982) (Atts.
8, 9); United States Department of Agriculture, Financial Conditions in the Farm
Sector 1 (June 1, 1982) (Att. 13 at 1).  [**29]  However, rural banks enjoyed
relatively low loan to deposit ratios not because they were flush with new
deposits, but because economically strapped farmers had cut back on loan demand.
The American Bankers Association reported to the Secretary in a March 5, 1982
letter that "banks currently are relatively liquid with adequate funds available
to meet the credit worthy demand of the farming sector." Att. 6 at 5.  But the
reason for this liquidity, explained the ABA, was "sluggish loan demand." Id. at
7.  As the Secretary's staff explained to him in a June 1, 1982 briefing paper,
the demand for intermediate and long-term credit had declined in 1982 because
"farmers have cut back on purchases of machinery and equipment and other
operating capital." Att. 13 at 1.

Each characterization of rural banks as relatively liquid was careful to point
out, moreover, that funds were available for lending only to qualified or
credit-worthy farmers. For example, the January and June, 1982 briefing papers
considered by the Secretary state that "credit is available to qualified
farmers" and "banks are liquid and have funds to lend to qualified borrowers."
Att. 12 at 2; Att. 13 at 1.  But the purpose [**30]  of the economic emergency
loan program was precisely to help those farmers who, because of their dire
economic circumstances, could not qualify for private credit in the absence of a
federal guarantee.  Consequently, the availability of ample funds for qualified
borrowers is irrelevant to a determination whether noncreditworthy farmers ought
to be helped by the emergency loan program.

And as the Secretary's own briefing paper pointed out in January, 1982 "with
higher interest rates and low farm income, fewer farmers will be able to qualify
for credit." Att. 12 at 3.  The same conclusion was echoed in the June 1982
briefing paper, which concluded:


     It is becoming more difficult for farmers to qualify for available
     credit.  This year is expected to be the third consecutive year of low
     farm income, high interest rates, and declining real equity values.


Att. 12 at 5.  In other words, the very class the Act was designed to protect
grew larger in 1982.

In sum, of the factors purportedly considered by the Secretary, some are
irrelevant to his decision -- crop yields, and a state's share of national farm
income. And the data underlying the other factors considered  [*1140]   [**31]
by the Secretary do not support his decision, but lead ineluctably to an
opposite conclusion.  Farm income was down, interest rates up, credit conditions
tightened, delinquencies and foreclosures up.  There is no evidence in the
record to support the Secretary's decision.  Plaintiffs are entitled to a
declaratory judgment that the Secretary's action was arbitrary, capricious, and
an abuse of discretion, and accordingly his decision shall be reversed.

Plaintiffs shall submit an appropriate proposed Judgment in accordance with the
foregoing Memorandum within 10 days of the date of its filing.


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 2, 2012

CRP haying and grazing approved;
Secretarial designation requested for Turner County

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 542  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman
announced that in response to drought conditions, FSA has authorized emergency
haying and grazing use of Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres for all South
Dakota counties.

"South Dakota producers interested in emergency haying and grazing of CRP must
contact their local FSA offices to obtain approval to hay or graze CRR" said
Schaunaman. Any approved emergency haying and grazing of CRP cannot begin until
Thursday, Aug. 2, 2012, which is after the end of the primary nesting and brood
rearing season in South Dakota. "Producers will also need to obtain a modified
conservation plan from the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) that
includes haying and grazing requirements," he said.

Under CRP emergency haying and grazing provisions, haying activity may not
exceed Friday, Aug. 31, 2012, and grazing activity may not exceed Monday, Sept
30, 2012. The acreage eligible for emergency haying and grazing is limited to
those conservation practices eligible under the emergency release of CRP for
haying and grazing purposes. Currently there are approximately 532,000 acres of
CRP available for emergency haying and grazing in South Dakota. There are an
additional 19,000 acres of Conservation Practice 25, Rare and Declining Habitat
available for emergency grazing purposes only. Wetland and farmable wetland
conservation practices are considered to be environmentally sensitive;
therefore, are not eligible for emergency haying and grazing.

On July 11, 2012, Secretary Vilsack announced that the 25 percent CRP payment
reduction will be reduced to 10 percent for all 2012 emergency haying and
grazing authorizations in order to provide greater flexibility to farmers and
ranchers in response to the drought conditions.

Under emergency haying and grazing provisions, producers are reminded that the
same CRP acreage cannot be both hayed and/or grazed at the same time.For
example, if 50 percent of a field or contiguous field is hayed, the remaining
unhayed 50 percent cannot be grazed; it must remain unhayed and ungrazed for
wildlife habitat purposes.

In an effort to proactively serve South Dakota farmers and ranchers, the South
Dakota Farm Service Agency and the South Dakota Department of Agriculture are
encouraging producers to utilize the on-line hay finder services available via
www.hayexchange.com and www.haybarn.com.

For more information and to request approval for emergency haying and grazing of
CRP acres contact your local FSA office.

In addition to the approved CRP haying and grazing, our office has applied for a
Secretarial Designation for the producers in Turner County. If this is approved
and if there is going to be some sort of a disaster program built into the new
farm bill, we would be eligible for assistance. Also if we are approved for the
Secretarial Designation, our producers could possibly be eligible for low
interest emergency loans through Farm Service Agency.

I want to also include a side note on CRP haying with the very dry conditions.
Please be careful with your haying equipment that you don't start a fire in the
CRP fields. Bearings tend to heat up during operation and can easily start a
fire as all of you know. Thank you.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2012

USDA authorizes CRP haying, grazing;
FSA Notes

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 540  words


USDA harm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman,
recently announced that in response to drought conditions, FSA has authorized
emergency haying and grazing use of Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres for
all South Dakota counties.

"South Dakota producers interested in emergency haying and grazing of CRP must
contact their local FSA offices to obtain approval to hay or graze CRP," said
Schaunaman. Any approved emergency haying and grazing of CRP cannot begin until
Aug. 2, 2012, which is after the end of the primary nesting and brood rearing
season in South Dakota. "Producers will also need to obtain a modified
conservation plan from the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) that
includes haying and grazing requirements," he said.

Under CRP emergency haying and grazing provisions, haying activity may not
exceed Aug. 31, 2012, and grazing activity may not exceed Sept. 30, 2012. The
acreage eligible for emergency haying and grazing is limited to those
conservation practices eligible under the emergency release of CRP for haying
and grazing purposes. Currently there are approximately 532,000 acres of CRP
available for emergency haying and grazing in South Dakota. There are an
additional 19,000 acres of Conservation Practice 25, Rare and Declining Habitat
available for emergency grazing purposes only. Wetland and farm-able wetland
conservation practices are considered to be environmentally sensitive;
therefore, are not eligible for emergency haying and grazing.

On July 11,2012, Secretary Vilsack announced that the 25 percent CRP payment
reduction will be reduced to 10 percent for all 2012 emergency haying and
grazing authorizations in order to provide greater flexibility to farmers and
ranchers in response to the drought conditions.

Under emergency haying and grazing provisions, producers are reminded that the
same CRP acreage cannot be both hayed and/or grazed at the same time. For
example, if 50 percent of a field or contiguous field is hayed, the remaining
unhayed 50 percent cannot be grazed; it must remain unhayed and ungrazed for
wildlife habitat purposes.

In an effort to proactively serve South Dakota farmers and ranchers, the South
Dakota Farm Service Agency and the South Dakota Department of Agriculture are
encouraging producers to utilize the on-line hay finder services available via
www.hayex-change.com and www.haybarn.com.

For more information and to request approval for emergency haying and grazing of
CRP acres contact your local FSA office.

In addition to the approved CRP haying and grazing, our office has applied for a
Secretarial Designation for the producers in Turner County. If this is approved
and if there is going to be some sort of a disaster program built into the new
farm bill, we would be eligible for assistance. Also if we are approved for the
Secretarial Designation, our producers could possibly be eligible for low
interest emergency loans through Farm Service Agency.

I want to also include a side note on CRP haying with the very dry conditions.
Please be careful with your haying equipment that you don't start a fire in the
CRP fields. Bearings tend to heat up during operation and can easily start a
fire as all of you know. Thank you.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 12, 1986, Wednesday, Final Edition

Farm Law Changes Get Final Hill Approval

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 315 words


Congress settled a last-minute dispute over legislative language yesterday and
gave final approval to a package of "technical corrections" in last year's farm
law.

At the same time, President Reagan, who is expected to sign the farm law
changes, announced that he had ordered a $750 million infusion into Farmers Home
Administration (FmHA) direct loan accounts to help farmers meet spring planting
costs.

The White House had been under growing congressional pressure in recent days as
FmHA offices around the country reported running out of direct loan funds.

The farm law changes approved yesterday would alter formulas used for
calculating farmers' federal benefits. The Senate and House finished work on the
package last week, but administration objections to the wording of a "sense of
the Congress" provision touched off new debate and forced reconsideration by
both chambers.

The provision was authored by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), who wanted to order the
president to provide spring advances on crop loans that ordinarily would not be
made until fall harvest.

Instead of the direct order, Harkin agreed to nonbinding language expressing the
sense of Congress that the president "shall" make the advance loans. But the
administration insisted on more lenient language. Lawmakers resolved the problem
by dropping the "shall" and leaving the loan provision discretionary.

Also yesterday, a House-Senate Appropriations conference committee broke up
deadlocked over the wording of an emergency $5 billion supplemental
appropriation to replenish the Commodity Credit Corp., which has been unable to
make farm loans and surplus food purchases since last week.

The conferees are scheduled to meet again today. Their dispute involves future
funding for the new conservation reserve program, which will pay farmers to
remove highly erodible land from production for 10 years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      March 24, 2002 Sunday, Final Edition

Well owners say help hard to pin down;
Although a state drought task force has been meeting for months, there is no
clearinghouse for advice.

BYLINE: DAVID CONNERTY MARIN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1746 words


Thousands of Maine residents are facing water restrictions or dry wells in the
drought that began nearly a year ago, yet many are having difficulty finding
guidance or information from emergency management officials.

Maine has not created a centralized clearinghouse of drought information - even
though a drought task force that includes state, federal and private experts has
been meeting regularly for seven months.

Many city and town officials who are supposed to be the first line of assistance
to the more than 280,000 households on private wells say they don't know what to
tell people when they call for help.

Last week, state officials launched a campaign to determine the scope of the
crisis by asking homeowners to call in if they have a well that's gone dry. They
hope to use the information to apply for federal disaster money for individuals.

But for some residents, the response is too slow.

"You shouldn't have to do FBI-style investigations to find out where to report
that your well is dry," said Caitlin Allen of Starks, whose well ran dry in
September. In her quest for help, she called the University of Maine's
Cooperative Extension Service, the state's Fix Me home renovation loan program
and searched the Internet - all without success.

"Then we heard Angus King say if you have a private well, you're on your own,"
Allen said, referring to a press conference held by the governor last fall.

Homeowners like Allen are rigging up gutter water collection systems, showering
at other's homes or at YMCAs and hauling hundreds of gallons of water a week
from neighbors and relatives.

The waiting lists to have a well drilled are two months or more long, and many
people can't afford the $5,000-plus cost anyway. They are hoping - quite
possibly in vain - for federal money or loans to become available to help them.

Under the gun from citizens who say the state should have done more and earlier,
state officials say the severity of the drought was not clear until December.
And they confess they are on relatively new ground - the state known for its
tremendous water resources is not used to going dry.

"This has caught us off-guard," said David Braley of the Department of Human
Services' Drinking Water Program. "We've never had a problem like this in Maine
before."

"If it were a hurricane or a flood, we're familiar with the aid programs, the
path is clearer," said Lynette Miller, senior planner for the Maine Emergency
Management Agency. "One of the compounding issues here is we're new at it. . . .
Sometimes the answers come slower than we would like."

The year 2001 was the driest in Maine in at least 107 years. While groundwater
levels were low through the summer, scientists still hoped and expected that
fall rains and winter snow would largely replenish the water table.

It didn't happen.

In recent weeks, some wells have rebounded slightly, but not close to the
amounts necessary to stay productive through the dry summer months. Scientists
say it would take months of substantially above-normal precipitation to lift the
state out of the drought, and that is unlikely.

The governor's drought task force met in August for the first time in two years.
Its members include state and federal officials and representatives of major
industrial water users.

The group has met six times since August, each time reviewing stream flow,
groundwater levels and other data, and sharing information about the few limited
assistance programs available.

At several meetings during the fall, the group discussed the need for farm
relief programs and efforts by county emergency management agencies to alert
communities about how they could support residents.

By December, members pledged to develop more public information and find ways to
get it distributed. They lobbied successfully for a bill that makes it easier
for heavy well-drilling trucks to travel on posted rural roads this spring.

And earlier this month, the task force decided to collect data on dry wells.

So far, though, these efforts have done little to help private well owners like
Kathy and Erik West. The owners of Royal View Farm in Limington, they have been
without water since October.

Erik West spends the better part of three hours a day fetching water. On his way
home from his job in Portland, he stops at his parents' summer home in Standish
to fill a 300-gallon tank on the back of his pickup truck. Forty-five minutes
later, he drives home to Limington and starts emptying the tank - some into the
horses' 150-gallon heated tank, and some into a tank in the basement of the
family home.

He occasionally adds a small amount of bleach to the tank at home to kill
bacteria. And the family doesn't use that water for drinking. The Wests, their
teen-age daughters and young son take five-minute-maximum showers. They put a
plastic pan on the floor of the shower to catch water, which they use to flush
the toilet. Dishes are done by hand in the sink.

"We don't qualify for any assistance," said Kathy West. "We're not asking for
anybody to do this for us, just looking for resources so we can get a loan
without paying high interest on it."

They tried the banks, where loans would run 10 percent to 12 percent and would
have to be paid back more quickly than they can manage. They tried the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, but that is only for farms that
have livestock that produce consumable food.

And they don't qualify for help from U.S. Rural Development, where assistance is
limited to people over 62 who have extremely low incomes.

The Wests are hopeful that by June they can scrape together enough money to pay
for a new well to be drilled.

Local officials who hear from people like the Wests say they don't have much to
offer.

Angela Fall, of the code enforcement office in Gorham, said when she received a
call from a resident whose well ran dry, she did not know what information she
was supposed to get or to whom she could refer the caller.

"If I don't know what to ask, I can't facilitate anybody's help," she said.
Frustrated, she called the Cumberland County Emergency Management Agency, but
nobody there knew what she was supposed to get for information, either.

In Standish, the town clerk and code enforcement officer both said nobody had
called yet about a dry well, but they would not know where to refer anyone if
they did.

Even Joyce Kelly, deputy director of York County's Emergency Management Agency,
has only limited information.

"If they have a dry well, they have to haul water . . . or, if they can afford,
get a well drilled," she said. But well drillers have a waiting list of at least
two months because of the demand.

Kelly does not have a list of drilling companies, and no handouts about the do's
and don'ts of hauling water, though she can give you some pointers over the
phone.

Maine's public education efforts contrast sharply with those of other states.

In Pennsylvania, for example, only 14 percent of the population is on private
wells. Yet the Department of Environmental Protection has an extensive Web site
about the drought with fact sheets for well owners.

The department has also publicized the drought extensively, with the governor
declaring a drought emergency in 24 counties last month. The governor also
transferred $250,000 to the state's emergency management agency for use in
dealing with the drought.

On Wednesday night the department will host a video Webcast specifically for
well owners with the Penn State University Department of Agricultural Sciences.

But Pennsylvania officials face some of the same issues as their counterparts in
Maine. Ask the department's press secretary, Dennis Buterbaugh, how many people
with private wells are without water, and he can't tell you.

"People are not obligated to report dry wells to us," he said. "We know of
several dozen in the drought area."

Miller, at the Maine Emergency Management Agency, disputes charges of a slow
response to the drought.

"The agencies we work with on the task force have had nothing but this in our
sights since last fall," she said. "I think we were saying as early as August .
. . there were potentials for problems to continue."

Miller said the agency didn't start its research into drought disaster relief
funding sooner because the Federal Emergency Management Agency has never
declared a disaster for drought.

Robert Lent, district chief for the U.S. Geological Survey and co-chair of the
drought task force, said even in October the low groundwater table was not
significantly below normal.

"We expected it to bottom out in October and then recharge (from fall rains and
winter snowpack) as in other years," he said. But there was little fall rain and
the snowpack was minimal. Wells are refilling slightly this month in many
places, but will likely start to decline again shortly unless there is
significant, above-average rainfall.

Working against private well owners are two of Maine's most cherished principles
- home rule and property rights. Maine's government generally keeps its nose out
of people's wells, and its citizens demand that most governing be left to local
authorities.

For those reasons and others, there is no centralized authority that monitors
private wells. Nobody knows who owns them or how many have gone dry.

The disadvantages to that lack of authority have become apparent to Braley, the
official at the Drinking Water Program in the Department of Human Services. That
agency enforces standards for public water suppliers but has no responsibility
for helping private well owners with issues like contamination or the drought.

He notes that the vast majority of public water systems are under no threat from
the drought.

"We have talked internally here . . . that it would certainly be a good thing at
the state level to provide private well owners technical and financial
assistance," Braley said. But that is not currently part of the program's
mission, or anyone else's.

"If someone calls with a private well, we do what we can to help," he said. "We
certainly encourage private well owners to call us if they have questions. But
there is no concerted effort on our part to go out and find private well owners
with problems. . . .

"People are not completely on their own," he added. "(But) they need to make the
first contact."

David Connerty-Marin can be contacted at 791-6325 or at:

dconnerty-marin@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Long Dry Season Maine's Drought



GRAPHIC: Bob Rhoades carries a bucket of water into his family's home in
Limington. The Rhoadeses' dug well ran dry last July and there is just enough
water left for them to take occasional short showers. For other needs, they
bring in water every day from a relative's house down the road.
Staff photos by Gregory Rec

Above: Erik West talks with his son Cody at his Limington farm. The West family
has been without water since October and truck it in every day to their home.
Right: Erik West feeds a hose from a tank in his truck into a water tank in his
basement on Wednesday.

Linda Rhoades uses a bowl to rinse out the kitchen sink while doing dishes in
her Limington home. Rhoades' family has been without water since last July and
Linda has to heat water on the stove to do dishes.

Staff art Source: U.S. Geological Survey GROUNDWATER WOES Groundwater conditions
around the state - and even within neighborhoods - vary widely. A U.S.
Geological Survery monitoring well in Sanford is far below the median level for
this time of year. The graph shows that as late as September of last year, the
level was not significantly below normal. But where history suggests it would
have recovered in November, it continued to drop.

Water level in feet below land surface

Jan. 2001 - Feb. 2002

(Specific figures not available in graph except for Feb. 2002.)

Feb. 2002

Yearly average level: 18.48

2001-02 level: 22

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         April 29, 1987, Wednesday, ME2

MPs talk all night in special farm debate

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - New Democrat MPs and a clutch of Progressive Conservatives
talked all night and were still going on after 12 1/2 hours today during an
emergency House of Commons debate on farm financial problems.

The Liberals gave up in the early hours of the morning, leaving the field to the
NDP and government members. The marathon talk-a-thon began at 8 p.m. yesterday.

A parliamentary source today said there appeared to be a good chance that the
debate would continue past 2 p.m., the start of the scheduled sitting day. This
would wipe out normal proceedings.

"They (NDP) have a strong list of speakers still to come," he said. "And the
Liberals haven't checked back in yet."

Ironically, the debate did not seem to generate much initial interest among MPs.
The session began late because of problems in rounding up the 20 MPs needed to
form a quorum in the Commons.

New Democrat Stan Hovdebo had called for the emergency debate yesterday because
western farmers "need assurances that the government is willing to support
them."

He opened the session by saying that the government has failed to guarantee
farmers a future. "All they (the government) really have to do is assure the
farmer that if he plants and harvests, he can survive."

But Wheat Board Minister Charlie Mayer maintained that Ottawa's $1.3 billion in
aid to farmers this spring came just when it was needed most - when farmers are
seeding.

He also said the government will do everything necessary to keep farmers on
their land.

Mayer added that aid to farmers has increased dramatically since the Progressive
Conservatives took power in 1984.

"Income support from the federal government . . . the 1981-84 average was $336
million. In 1987, it is estimated to be $2.6 billion. We have responded
tremendously to a very difficult situation."

Liberal MP Lloyd Axworthy said the government, in lifting a moratorium on loan
foreclosures by the Farm Credit Corp., is issuing a signal that chartered banks
can start foreclosing on problem farm loans.

Mayer responded that only 600 farms over the next year will be affected by the
ending of the moratorium. And he promised that Ottawa will do all it can to help
them out.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                                January 30, 1990

BYLINE: STEVEN DRUMMOND

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



INVERNESS - Federal and state disaster workers have begun accepting
applications for relief assistance from local farm workers and growers
affected by the freeze in December.

     Unemployment assistance, rent relief and emergency loans for    workers,
growers and other agricultural businesses are available    through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

     Federal officials last week added 14 counties, including Citrus, to    the
list of disaster areas in which fruit growers and citrus producers    suffered
severe losses from the freeze.

     Workers and growers in Citrus County with questions about relief    aid
should call toll-free (800) 342-3557 for assistance.

     Andy Rose, Citrus County Extension director, said few people in    Citrus
County would be eligible for the relief. He said he had received    inquiries
from nursery owners, but the paper work had deterred some of    them.

     Leone Banes, co-owner of Banes Citrus Groves in Floral City, said    even
though the freeze hurt her business, the assistance will not help    much.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 4, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Passes $2 Billion Farm Credit Bill

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A6

LENGTH: 626 words


Republicans abandoned the administration in a massive way yesterday as the House
passed a $2 billion emergency farm credit bill by a sweeping vote of 378 to 35.

The Reagan administration had opposed major sections of the bill, aimed at
providing more Farmers Home Administration loan assistance to farmers plagued by
low prices and heavy debt, but only 27 Republicans voted against final passage.

Among the Republicans who voted in favor of the bill were House Minority Leader
Robert H. Michel and fellow Illinoisan Edward R. Madigan, ranking minority
member of the Agriculture Committee, who first forced Democrats to compromise on
several key issues. The bill is intended to boost and liberalize credit
available to the 12 to 15 percent of all farmers who cannot borrow from banks
and look to FmHA for operating loans each year.

Earlier yesterday, House Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.) cited
Republican actions on the farm-credit bill during floor consideration last week
as a prime example of GOP obstruction of a series of Democratic recession-aid
measures. But House Democrats, faced with the possibility of weeks of GOP
delaying tactics and time-consuming roll calls, decided to take what they could
get yesterday and push the farm credit bill through to final passage, albeit
with some changes sought by Madigan, who represents a relatively prosperous
grain district.

Among the major changes:

* Although the bill would reactivate a defunct economic-emergency loan program,
against administration objections, the Republicans were able to cut the
authorization level from $1.2 billion to $300 million in fiscal 1983 and to $600
million in fiscal 1984.

* The agriculture secretary still would have final say on extension of a
delinquent farmer-borrower's credit, but Madigan forced the Democrats to accept
language that put more of a burden on the farmer to prove his case for
extension.

In the end, according to Rep. Ed Jones (D-Tenn.), rural credit subcommittee
chairman, who was a chief architect of the farm-assistance package, the
Democrats had little choice but to compromise with planting season at hand.

"There's no question, this would have gone on for weeks, but we needed a bill
now and we needed a bill that the president would sign," Jones said. "It's time
to get the money out there. People are being hurt and sold out every day. These
farmers can't get money elsewhere and without this, they won't have a crop this
year."

The administration gave no hint yesterday about its position on the amended
measure. Jones said that Department of Agriculture representatives did not take
part in behind-the-scenes negotiating between opposing forces. "We just don't
know where they stand," he said.

The bill now goes to the Senate, where a counterpart, although passed by the
Agriculture Committee, has been trapped in a legislative logjam on the floor for
weeks, with no signs of breaking loose soon. The House bill, pushed by Jones and
Rep. E. Thomas Coleman (R-Mo.), was designed as quick-fix assistance for tens of
thousands of the FmHA's 270,000 borrowers with delinquent loans and poor
recovery prospects because of low commodity prices and high operating costs.

Its most controversial section--opposed adamantly by the administration--would
have required the secretary to extend special repayment consideration to
delinquent borrowers who had good management records and could show that they
were in arrears through no fault of their own. Secretary John R. Block has
argued that FmHA already is following such a policy, and while the compromise
would require the agency to continue on that course the borrower would have to
show solid evidence of being able to succeed if given federal loan assistance.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday

Program will provide low-interest loans to flood victims

BYLINE: JASON MASSAD, The Reporter, Vacaville

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: FAIRFIELD


A program will soon make available $5,000 in low-interest loans to residents of
unincorporated areas of the county who were flooded out in the New Year's Eve
storm.

County leaders paved the way Tuesday for the loan program as part of a $1.5
million local authorization for the county's flood cleanup.

The county has already spent nearly $800,000 on cleanup at Union Avenue county
buildings, including the Sheriff's Office, Solano County Superior courts and the
county's real estate department.

Federal Emergency Management Agency officials Tuesday toured areas of Solano
County. That inspection could lead to more relief for both public losses and
damage suffered by private homeowners.

But Solano County supervisors decided to extend their own loan program to get
flooded residents some temporary shelter.

About 100 homes in the county are of concern, said county officials. Some have
been "yellow-tagged," meaning property owners will have to repair plumbing and
electrical systems, in some cases, before people can move back in.

"It's going to be a while before the damage is known, both public and private,"
Supervisor Mike Reagan said.

Residents seeking the county's available loans must meet certain requirements.
Their home or rented property must have been inspected by a county building
inspector and either been tagged with a red or yellow tag, meaning it is
considered uninhabitable in most cases until repaired.

No income requirements are associated with the loan. Supervisors discussed a 3
percent loan rate for the emergency shelter loans.

"I think there's an instant need for finding a roof," said Supervisor Duane
Kromm, in calling for the program.

The loans mimic in some ways the emergency funds cities have extended to
residents. Programs have been set up in both Vacaville and Fairfield, county
officials said.

The county, however, was more limited in how much it could make available to
residents.

For more information about the county loan program, call 784-6765.

The Solano-Napa County Farm Service Agency is making available funds to ranchers
and farmers where flood damage might reduce the productivity capacity of the
land.

Call 944-0622 for more information.

- Jason Massad can be reached at county@thereporter.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2006 The Times-Herald


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            January 14, 1991, Monday

Responses to calls on Persian Gulf crisis; Taxpayers to foot $ 1.8 billion bill
for bad Iraqi loans

BYLINE: Journal-Constitution Washington Bureaumilitary; war; Persian/Gulf;
government; finances; budgets; public

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 06

LENGTH: 444 words


WASHINGTON - Here are answers to questions about the Persian Gulf crisis posed
by Journal-Constitution readers:

Q. How many millions of dollars in guns, ammunition and food did the United
States send to Iraq during the Reagan years?

A. The United States gave Iraq no arms assistance and had no arms sales
arrangements. Iraq's major arms suppliers have included the Soviet Union and
France.

The United States began shipping food to Iraq in 1984 at a rate that rose to $ 1
billion a year by 1989, when President Ronald Reagan left office.

Under the food credit program, Iraq was permitted to buy food with private bank
loans guaranteed by the U.S. government. Iraq repaid the loans regularly and in
1989 became the 12th-biggest foreign customer for American farm products. But in
1990 federal inspectors began to raise questions about irregularities in Iraqi
handling of the loans, and the program was trimmed back to $ 500 million.

After the invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 and the subsequent embargo against Iraq,
the Iraqis announced that they would default on outstanding food loans. Most of
the debts come due this year, so the U.S. government will have to reimburse the
banks at an estimated cost to taxpayers of $ 1.8 billion.

Q. Is there a national civil defense contingency plan for local areas to follow
in this time of possible terrorist action in the United States?

A. Not really. The Office of Civil Defense is part of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency. FEMA spokesman Marvin Davis explained, "FEMA deals with the
consequences of emergencies and disastrous events, not with prevention, and
there is no national plan concerned with terrorism as such.

"Of course a disaster could be the consequences of a terrorist act," he said.
"And if that happens to be a terrorist event where the consequences are of such
magnitude that it's too big for the local government or state to respond to,
there are plans in place for them to request federal assistance."

Q. How many Kuwaiti and Iraqi people are going to be killed in this war?

A. The Iraqi military would suffer about 35,000 dead and another 115,000 wounded
in an attack by U.S. and allied forces, according to retired Adm. Gene R. La
Rocque, director of the Center for Defense Information. In addition, about
100,000 Iraqi civilians would be killed or wounded. Mr. La Rocque said he
believes allied attackers would bypass Kuwait to concentrate on Iraqi targets,
and that Iraqi forces in Kuwait would be surrounded and mopped up through air
attacks after Iraq was subdued. He had no estimate of the number of Kuwaiti
civilians who might be killed.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Where to find help or information

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1206 words


Thursday September 1, 2011

-- Businesses that have property affected by the floods should call the Agency
of Commerce and Community Development at 802-828-3211 to report damage which
will be collated for Vermont Emergency Management and FEMA. ACCD will also make
referrals for financing and technical assistance. The information needed when
businesses make the call is name of business, location (complete address),
description of damage, point of contact and the date the damage occurred.

-- For child care providers who have been affected by Irene, visit the Resources
for Relief (Child Care Providers of Vermont) page on Facebook.

-- Emergency Flood Assistance Program for Businesses, administered by the
Vermont Economic Development Authority, is up and running. It will provide $10
million of very low interest, no first year payment, loans to businesses that
suffered losses due to flooding. Visit www.veda.org for more information.

-- Andrew Robinson, the local Employer Resource Consultant with the Vermont
Department of Labor, is offering assistance to employers. Call 802-254-4555 for
the Brattleboro office, or 802-885-2167 for the Springfield office. They will
provide you with information about how to respond to the damage you have
suffered, including providing assistance to your employees. If you leave a
message, please indicate the scale of the damage you have suffered, and the
number of people you employ.

-- To report damages to farm property including but not limited to barns,
milking parlors, crops, fields, equipment, etc., call: your county USDA Farm
Service Agency, which can be found at
offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/app?state=vt&agency=fsa , or your county
Natural Resources Conservation Services office, which can be found at
www.vt.nrcs.usda.gov/contact/index.html .

-- Organizations such as the Vermont Farm Bureau, 802-434-5646, or Northeast
Organic Farming Associaton Vermont, 802-434-4122, can also be called. These
organizations will send a summary of the information to the Agency of
Agriculture which will forward it to VEM.

-- Farmers experiencing loss of crops due to flooding should contact their crop
insurance agent as well as the USDA Farm Service Agency at 802-658-2803.

-- Farmers seeking help can contact the Vermont Economic Development Authority
at 802-828-5627. Applications may also be downloaded and/or completed on-line at
veda.org . Applications will be reviewed and loans approved on a first-come,
first-served basis until all available funds are exhausted. For more
information, contact VEDA at 802-828-5627, visit veda.org , or email
info@veda.org .

-- FEMA has tips on how to cope with and recover flood damaged property at
fema.gov/hazard/flood/coping.shtm .

-- If you find a fuel tank on your property or floating in flood waters, please
contact the Vermont Fuel Dealers Association at 802-223-7750 or
info@vermontfuel.com .

-- Tips for drying out a flood damaged building can be found at
hpo.ncdcr.gov/dryout.html .

-- The Humane Society of the United States is working with municipal, Red Cross
and National Guard officials to offer assistance to people who had to evacuate
their homes. The Humane Society has an emergency shelter set up in Halifax and
the facility is open for pets brought in by families displaced by flooding. Call
301-529-3378 for more information.

-- The HSUS and the Vermont Companion Animal Neutering Clinic are also offering
to provide pet food and supplies to evacuated families.

-- The Humane Society of Windham County, at 802-254-2232, is taking calls from
anyone who has concerns about animal welfare. The Humane Society can also help
supply pet food and medications, though they do not have a veterinarian on
staff. They have limited space for temporary boarding. Those who have lost or
found pets can post the information and pictures on the Humane Society's website
at wchs4pets.org .

-- The National Trust for Historic Preservation Disaster Response Resources has
a number of online resources that can be found at
preservationnation.org/resources/technical-assistance /disaster-recovery.

-- The Northeast Recycling Center has a free guidebook for towns, individuals
and businesses as they look for solutions about how to manage storm debris. The
guide provides general information about recovery of premises, belongings, and
other items, as well as recycling and proper disposal of debris following a
disaster. It can be found at nerc.org/documents/debris_management_guide.pdf .

-- For the latest information on road closures, call 511 or visit www.511vt.com
.

-- The Ride Share site at connectingcommuters.org is designed for commuters to
find car pools, but can be a valuable asset for individuals whose cars are
damaged or destroyed.

-- Sen. Patrick Leahy's office has set up a website with a comprehensive list of
resources at
leahy.senate.gov/issues_and_legislation/issues/issue/?id=9bc8549f-c174-41e2-b67f
-fffbaa364439 .

-- Sublet.com will provide free access for people who are displaced from their
homes. Call their customer service line at 1-877-367-7368 for more information.

-- VCA Windham Hospital in Brattleboro, 19 Noah's Lane, off of Putney Road,
802-254-9412, is offering free boarding of pets for those suffering from the
effects of Irene. Please call in advance.

-- The Vermont Historical Society is working with the state's cultural heritage
community throughout Vermont to assess the damage to local historical societies,
museums, and heritage organizations; provide assistance and support through the
Cultural Heritage and Art Recovery Team and approved professionals and services;
and keep the affected organizations up to date and informed of services and aid
available. Historical or cultural organizations in need of assistance should
call Jackie Calder at 802-479-8514 or e-mail her at jackie.calder@state.vt.us .
An alternate contact is Lisa Evans, League of Local Historical Societies and
Museums Manager, at 802-479-8522 or lisa.evans@state.vt.us .

-- Vermont Emergency Management has a number of resources that can be found at
vem.vermont.gov or facebook.com/pages/Vermont-Emergency-Management
/142566220102.

-- Vermonters who have property affected by the storm should report it to the
state. Individuals reporting property damage should call 211. If repairs are
made by a property owner, it is important to take pictures of the damage,
document the repairs and keep receipts for potential assistance.

-- Vermont Agency of Transportation Road Closures in Vermont can be found at
511.vermont.gov/main.jsf .

-- The Windham Regional Commission is preparing an on-line map of local road
closures at windhamregional.org/roadstatus .

-- The Windham & Windsor Housing Trust is offering low-interest loans for home
repairs. The 3 percent loans can be used to repair roof, plumbing, electric, and
heating repairs, well and septic repair or replacement. For more information,
call Jenn Short at 802-246-2116.

-- The Vermont Flooding 2011 page on Facebook is functioning as a community
bulletin board of sorts.

-- Vermont Helping Hands is also coordinating relief efforts via Facebook.

-- If you need assistance or information from the state, dial 211 or visit
vt211.org .

-- The Help Vermont Facebook group is another place to share recovery
information.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 4, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLOOD VICTIMS GET A LITTLE LOCAL HELP; WORD AWAITED ON FEDERAL EMERGENCY AID

BYLINE: Susan K. Brown and Tommy Robertson of the St.Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 707 words


Officials in St. Charles County have made life a bit more bearable for
water-logged residents of West Alton while all await word from federal officials
on emergency flood aid.  County Executive Eugene C. Schwendemann said a portable
bathroom and portable showers were in operation behind the Saale Brothers
Hardware Store in West Alton.  They will be used by residents who have chosen
not to leave their flooded homes but have been living with unusable plumbing and
contaminated water.  "We worked all weekend to get everything set up,"
Schwendemann said. "We've had good cooperation from the West Alton Fire
Department, who is letting us use their water and their electricity." He said
the showers would be able to accommodate about eight people at once and the
portable bathroom included a wash basin and vanity.  Schwendemann said he would
like to see a similar arrangement in the Orchard Farm area but that would depend
on whether officials could find another portable shower.  "It's the kind of
thing they set up for workers doing asbestos removal," he said. "I don't know if
another one is readily available." Gary Schuchardt, director of the St. Charles
County Emergency Management Agency, said that across the flood area septic tanks
had been leaking raw sewage into the river.  Schuchardt said, "There's a lot
more people living in these areas than we ever expected." St. Charles County
officials took their federal and state emergency counterparts out onto the
surging Mississippi River last weekend for an initial look at flood damage in
hopes of getting federal loans and grants for disaster aid. Jim O'Loughlin, the
county administrator said Monday that local officials, "are jumping through all
the hoops trying to do all the things that are necessary to get the federal
declaration." A federal disaster declaration, made by President Bill Clinton,
would provide a whole variety of state and federal assistance, such as temporary
housing, low-interest loans or disaster unemployment insurance.  O'Loughlin said
also that county officials still were awaiting word on a meeting with
representatives of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to forestall any
efforts to remove flood-insurance protection from some of the unincorporated
parts of the county.  Officials say they are trying to find out the specifics
about possible violations of FEMA regulations that resulted in the federal
agency's threat.  O'Loughlin said the cancellation of flood insurance was not an
immediate prospect while the county and FEMA officers attempted to set up a
meeting.  Last week, Gov. Mel Carnahan declared St. Charles County and other
areas to the north along the Mississippi to be in a state of emergency. That led
to the federal request.  On Thursday, Rep. Jim Talent, R-Chesterfield, asked
Clinton to declare St.  Charles County a disaster area.  Schuchardt said he knew
of nearly 300 households that had been evacuated from the flood area. More than
200 uninsured households have already called county officials.  He estimated
that at least 50 businesses had been hurt by the flood and that 17,000 acres of
farmland were in jeopardy of not being planted this spring.  Although the
Mississippi River crested April 26 in Grafton, it dropped only a few inches in
subsequent days. The American Red Cross is still providing 600 meals a day to
flood victims in Illinois and Missouri.  The Red Cross has opened service
centers in St. Charles and Lincoln counties so that caseworkers can help
flooded-out families. The service centers are open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday
through Saturday. One is at Trinity Lutheran Church, 4795 Highway 94 North in
Orchard Farm; the other is at the First Baptist Church at Second and Cherry
streets in Winfield.  In addition, 18 to 20 people a night have been staying at
a Red Cross shelter at Orchard Farm Baptist Church.  "It's just much easier if
we separate the operations," said Sabrina Kalleberg, a public affairs officer
for the Red Cross.  Kalleberg said anyone wishing to help flood victims could
send a check or money order marked for disaster relief to the Red Cross at
either of two sites: 516 South Fifth Street, St. Charles, Mo. 63301, or 4050
Lindell Boulevard, St. Louis, Mo. 63108.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photos by Wayne Crosslin/St. Charles Post (1) Three fishermen on
Highway 94 north of West Alton near the Mississippi River. They said they had
not caught any fish. The rushing water is being pumped from low-lying farm
fields on one side of a levee to the river side of the levee. (2) Portable
showers in a mobile home set up for flood victims by volunteer firefighters of
West Alton. The showers, six for women and four for men, are behind Saale Bros.
Hardware on Highway 94. The showers are open from 5 to 8 p.m. daily, and the
volunteers are trying to extend the hours for flood victims.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 30, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

Aid applications accepted from victims of freeze

BYLINE: STEVEN DRUMMOND

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



INVERNESS - Federal and state disaster workers have begun accepting
applications for relief assistance from local farm workers and growers
affected by the freeze in December.

     Unemployment assistance, rent relief and emergency loans for    workers,
growers and other agricultural businesses are available    through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

     Federal officials last week added 14 counties, including Citrus, to    the
list of disaster areas in which fruit growers and citrus producers    suffered
severe losses from the freeze.

     Workers and growers in Citrus County with questions about relief    aid
should call toll-free (800) 342-3557 for assistance.

     Andy Rose, Citrus County Extension director, said few people in    Citrus
County would be eligible for the relief. He said he had received    inquiries
from nursery owners, but the paper work had deterred some of    them.

     Leone Banes, co-owner of Banes Citrus Groves in Floral City, said    even
though the freeze hurt her business, the assistance will not help    much.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Marion Record (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 2, 2012

CRP Haying and Grazing Approved

BYLINE: The Marion Record staff

LENGTH: 553  words


USDA Authorizes Emergency Haying and Grazing of CRP Acres in South Dakota

USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schauna-man, today
announced that in response to drought conditions, FSA has authorized emergency
haying and grazing use of Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres for all South
Dakota counties.

"South Dakota producers interested in emergency haying and grazing of CRP must
contact their local FSA offices to obtain approval to hay or graze CRP," said
Schauna-man. Any approved emergency haying and grazing of CRP cannot begin until
August 2, 2012, which is after the end of the primary nesting and brood rearing
season in South Dakota. "Producers will also need to obtain a modified
conservation plan from the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) that
includes haying and grazing requirements," he said.

Under CRP emergency haying and grazing provisions, haying activity may not
exceed August 31, 2012, and grazing activity may not exceed September 30, 2012.
The acreage eligible for emergency haying and grazing is limited to those
conservation practices eligible under the emergency release of CRP for haying
and grazing purposes. Currently there are approximately 532,000 acres of CRP
available for emergency haying and grazing in South Dakota. There are an
additional 19,000 acres of Conservation Practice 25, Rare and Declining Habitat
available for emergency grazing purposes only. Wetland and farmable wetland
conservation practices are considered to be environmentally sensitive;
therefore, are not eligible for emergency haying and grazing.

On July 11, 2012, Secretary Vilsack announced that the 25 percent CRP payment
reduction will be reduced to 10 percent for all 2012 emergency haying and
grazing authorizations in order to provide greater flexibility to farmers and
ranchers in response to the drought conditions.

Under emergency haying and grazing provisions, producers are reminded that the
same CRP acreage cannot be both hayed and/or grazed at the same time. For
example, if 50 percent of a field or contiguous field is hayed, the remaining
unhayed 50 percent cannot be grazed; it must remain unhayed and ungrazed for
wildlife habitat purposes.

In an effort to proactively serve South Dakota farmers and ranchers, the South
Dakota Farm Service Agency and the South Dakota Department of Agriculture are
encouraging producers to utilize the on-line hay finder services available via
www.hayex-change.com and www.hay-barn.com.

For more information and to request approval for emergency haying and grazing of
CRP acres contact your local FSA office.

In addition to the approved CRP haying and grazing, our office has applied for a
Secretarial Designation for the producers in Turner County. If this is approved
and if there is going to be some sort of a disaster program built into the new
farm bill, we would be eligible for assistance. Also if we are approved for the
Secretarial Designation, our producers could possibly be eligible for low
interest emergency loans through Farm Service Agency.

I want to also include a side note on CRP haying with the very dry conditions.
Please be careful with your haying equipment that you don't start a fire in the
CRP fields. Bearings tend to heat up during operation and can easily start a
fire as all of you know. Thank you.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Marion Record


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Legislative Prospects in '86

                           December 23, 1985, Monday

Bartlett Naylor


It costs more than $6 million a year to run the House and Senate Banking
Committees, but in 1985, not one true banking bill cleared the Hill in the first
year of the 99th Congress. It was not for lack of trying, as the panels held
nearly 100 hearings, including subcommittee sessions. Here is what is left for
1986:

FARM CREDIT HELP: As part of the Farm Bill of 1985, farm bankers will enjoy
federal interest subsidies and federal loan guarantees. Though commercial
bankers contested the action, Congress also approved emergency legislation to
help the rival $74 billion Farm Credit System. These measures, incidentally,
came through the agriculture committees. The banking panels plan to consider the
same emergency help for farm bankers in January.

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 127 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            February 8, 2000 Tuesday

Farmers still not out of trouble

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 31

LENGTH: 717 words


Farmers pelted by low net farm income the past few years aren't out of the woods
yet, despite a hefty government check, according to Leland Swenson, president of
the National Farmers Union, and a farmer from Oldham, S.D.

" We're not at all out of the woods," said Swenson, in Springfield recently for
the annual meeting of the Illinois Farmers Union. "It's like a forest that just
gets darker and darker. It now covers the whole spectrum of agriculture - low
dairy prices, low beef prices, pork prices that are starting to come back but
not at a level to make people reinvest. And now, low commodity prices for grain.

"We're having an economic depression in prices. It continues to linger and
linger. I don't think the outlook holds any bright spots."

Swenson doesn't describe himself as a pessimist, but he's concerned that the
level of world stocks are extensive enough to keep higher prices at bay.

"Unless we have a natural disaster - if a drought hits Illinois - then we might
see prices go up, but farmers then aren't going to have anything to sell," he
said.

He's looking to legislators, and President Clinton, for help.

"There's another part of our American community in trouble ... our family
farmers," Clinton said in his recent State of the Union message. "When I signed
the farm bill in 1996, I said there was great danger it would work well in good
times, but not in bad. Well, droughts, floods and historically low prices have
made these times very bad for the farmers. We must work together to strengthen
the farm safety net, invest in land conservation and create some new markets for
them by expanding our programs for bio-based fuels and products."

Swenson wants changes in the current farm bill.

"We can't wait for the 2003 farm bill," he said. "We need fundamental changes
right now."

Swenson said the current Freedom to Farm bill failed in providing an adequate
safety net for farmers when prices crashed, requiring last year's emergency farm
aid.

To prevent needing such aid in future years when prices are low, Swenson
recommends bringing corn and wheat loan rates up to the level of soybeans',
extending the loan period for farmers from nine months to 15 and reinstating the
on-farm storage loan program.

Those measures would allow farmers to hold on to grain until prices rose and
would enable farmers to influence the market.

"Congress has already gotten the message that farmers are in serious trouble,"
said Swenson. "The situation in agriculture was only covered over with a
Band-Aid with the $9 billion in economic assistance in 1998 and $7 billion in
1999. What we have to be concerned about is when Congress says, 'Haven't we done
enough?' If the plug is pulled on emergency assistance, the way things are now,
there will be a prairie fire across rural America."

Swenson compares current conditions to those of the 1980s, when many farmers
were forced out of business.

"There were more farmers then," said Swenson. "Freedom to Farm does not respond
to commodity prices. It hands out cash to landowners, so we're seeing land
values and cash rents stay up. It's so misleading as to what is really
happening.

"The American Farm Bureau Federation adopted a position at their last meeting to
support counter-cyclical support for Freedom to Farm. They feel there's a lack
of adequate safety net. It's being recognized by those in agriculture,
regardless of the group, that there is a problem."

Currently, 50 percent of the land farmed in the United States is held by
absentee ownership, according to Swenson.

"In the 1980s, more farmers went out of business who owned their land. What we
have now is that the farmers who don't own land are getting out of business," he
said. "And someone else will simply farm that land. We've had contract
production agriculture in beef and pork. Now, we're seeing it move into the
grain sector. Farmers are becoming an employee under contract for
multinationals."

To call attention to the problem, Swenson is leading a Rally for Agriculture
March 19-20 in the nation's capital, and drawing on churches, labor and other
groups to join the effort.

"This goes beyond the farm gate," said Swenson. "We need to come together to
have Congress realize that the issues have to be addressed."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 20, 2006 Monday

Pennsylvania Web exclusives

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 704 words


DRIVER ACCUSED
Truck stop employees help police catch man
SMITHTON -- Truck stop employees helped state police catch a California truck
driver now accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old runaway.

The girl, with tears in her eyes, told a waitress Saturday at the Flying J
travel plaza along Interstate 70 in Smithton that she had left her California
home without her mother's knowledge and was driven cross country by a trucker,
state police in Belle Vernon said. The waitress helped the girl hide and let her
call her mother and 911.

Later, truck stop employees kept an eye out for Joseph Simon, a trucker with
whom the girl was riding. When Simon came looking for the girl, workers there
stalled and pretended to help him look for the girl until police arrived, police
said.

Simon, 37, of Los Angeles, remained in custody today on charges of indecent
assault, corruption of minors and unlawful contact with a minor.

BACK FROM IRAQ
Soldiers honored
ALLENTOWN -- Three dozen Pennsylvania Army National Guard soldiers who returned
from Iraq this summer were honored Sunday in a ceremony at the Allentown Armory.

The soldiers were part of a medical group based in Allentown. Company C, 228th
Brigade Support Battalion mobilized for six months of training at Camp Shelby,
Miss., and then served a year in Iraq before returning in June.

The company provided care to troops of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 28th
Infantry Division in Iraq's al-Anbar province -- a hotbed of insurgent activity.

"We were in a pretty hot area," said Sgt. Sean Hayes, of East Stroudsburg.

Fifteen soldiers from the combat team died during the deployment.

The company included doctors, nurses, paramedics and other medical specialists.

GOOD CONDITION
Scouts found
SWISSDALE -- Two Boy Scouts, a Cub Scout and their leader went missing for more
than 12 hours but were found in good condition early this morning.

Emergency personnel were notified of the missing group after it did not return
from a hike by 9 p.m., state police said. The four had begun their hike around 4
p.m.

The Civil Air Patrol, a state police helicopter and numerous search crews from
Clinton and Lycoming counties combed the area overnight looking for the scouts.

Authorities found the group around 6:30 a.m. today near where they had started
their hike the day before, near Route 664 in Swissdale.

The four had taken shelter in a small shack overnight, police said.

NEAR HOG FARM
New-home project

CHAMBERSBURG -- A local developer plans to build more than 100 homes next to one
of the largest hog farms in Franklin County.

Delm Developers LLC of Chambersburg recently paid $1.15 million for the land in
Peters Township. Supervisors have approved the 60-acre Lemar Crossing project,
pending receipt of a construction bond.

The Franklin Hog Farm has nearly as many sows (4,040) as the rural township has
people (4,251). The farm also has about 12,000 piglets.

Supervisors suspect that some home buyers eventually will complain to the
township -- perhaps about the smell -- even though the plans are stamped with a
clause alerting lot purchasers that they are in an agricultural community and
the right-to-farm law applies.

Ed Uglow of Delm Developers acknowledged the hog farm might be a factor in
whether people move to Lemar Crossing, where homes will cost about $200,000.

"People live very close to the sewer plant in Chambersburg," he said. "I think
the pluses are going to outweigh the minuses."

NEARLY $1.4M
Projects get loans
JOHNSTOWN -- Two Cambria County economic development projects have been given
state loans totaling nearly $1.4 million.

The Johnstown Industrial Development Corp. was awarded an $854,500 loan to
acquire and develop 63 acres of land to expand the Johnstown Business Park. The
larger park will have space for nine businesses and seek high-tech firms as
tenants.

United Industrial Electro-Mechanical Services Inc., a designer and maker of
aluminum, carbon steel and stainless steel products, will receive a $532,891
loan for property costs in West Taylor Township.

The company will consolidate its facilities at one site, relocating 25 employees
and creating an estimated 75 new jobs under the project, also sponsored by the
Johnstown Industrial Development Corp.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 23, 2000 Friday
                                  City Edition

Johanns seeks more federal help for drought

BYLINE: NANCY HICKS Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 583 words


As more cattle producers face the prospect of selling off their herds because of
the drought, Gov. Mike Johanns has asked the federal government for additional
help.

Johanns Thursday requested that 17 southern Nebraska counties facing the worst
of the drought be designated as a Secretarial Natural Disaster. That declaration
will allow farmers and ranchers in the area to apply for low interest rate
loans.

Johanns also joined hands with wildlife organization representatives to ask that
producers be allowed to hay Conservation Reserve Program set-aside acres in
drought areas two weeks early. That extra feed will help producers facing a
decision about liquidating herds.

Currently, CRP acres in 23 counties have been released for grazing because of
the dry conditions. But normally the acres are not released for haying until
July 15 to allow for wildlife nesting.

In both requests Johanns told U.S. Agricultural Secretary Dan Glickman that
Nebraska producers are facing tough times.

"Many producers are now notifying us that they must decide in the next week to
10 days if they will need to liquidate cattle herds. This will place extreme
pressure on cattle and beef prices, compounding the losses," Johanns wrote in a
letter to Glickman.

The Tecumseh Livestock Auction has been selling more cattle than normal for the
past month because of a shortage of both water and feed, said owner Roger Rogge.

"The Monday night rain kind of helped," he said. "It's not going to solve the
problem in the long run but people are not thinking about selling their
livestock this week."

The natural disaster declaration is almost automatic because the 17 counties
appear to meet the required conditions, said Chris Peterson, an aide to Johanns.

That declaration will allow producers in the affected counties and the
contiguous counties to apply for Farm Service Agency emergency loans to help
them recover from production losses or severe physical losses.

To qualify for a loan, a producer must have suffered a production loss of at
least 30 percent in any one essential farm or ranch enterprise.

The CRP request is not a foregone conclusion. CRP acres are generally not
released for haying before mid-July. But Johanns is hoping that the broad
support will help Nebraska's case.

The letter to Glickman was signed by the directors of the Nebraska Wildlife
Federation, Audubon Nebraska and the Game and Parks Commission, as well as the
state's four members of Congress and the directors of several farm
organizations.

"We realize this encroaches on the established July 15 date, but after
considering wildlife concerns and the struggle that Nebraska livestock producers
are having in finding affordable, quality forage supplies, all parties signed
below agree that this flexibility is of the utmost urgency," the letter stated.

The dry conditions coupled with high winds and high temperatures have the
potential to destroy the nutrient value of the CRP acres if they are not
harvested soon, the letter said.

Johanns has also taken action at a state level to help with drought problems. He
has declared a drought disaster, releasing state emergency funds for use by
public entities. He has also allowed private haying of highway rights-of-way in
43 counties.

Nancy Hicks can be reached at nhicks@journalstar.com or 473-7250.

SUFFERING COUNTIES

Counties on Gov. Mike Johanns' disaster list:

Buffalo, Cass, Chase, Dundy, Gage, Hamilton, Hayes, Hitchcock, Jefferson,
Johnson, Nemaha, Otoe, Pawnee, Red Willow, Richardson, Saline, Seward.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Service Agency Under the Gun as Loan Funds Run Dry

                           February 26, 1999, Friday

By ALAN KLINE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


These are trying times for the Farm Service Agency.

Less than six months into the fiscal year, funds guaranteeing bank loans to
farmers have nearly run out. Proposed budget cuts also threaten to slash the
agency's army of 2,600 lenders by 27%. What's more, its new preferred lender
program-created to improve efficiency-has been criticized by Congress and some
community bankers.

"The pressure-cooker situation inside the agency is undermining the
effectiveness of the program," Agriculture Under Secretary August Schumacher Jr.
testified before a House panel recently.

Carolyn B. Cooksie, the Farm Service Agency's deputy administrator for farm loan
programs said the agency's problems are related to the sector's volatility.

"If your job has anything to do with farm loans and the farm economy, it's going
to be hard," she said in an interview.

The agency's woes mirror those plaguing the nation's farmers: bad weather and
low crop prices. Natural disasters have wiped out crops from Florida to Texas to
the Dakotas, depleting the agency's $70 million emergency loan fund.

Meanwhile, commodity prices have fallen to their lowest levels in a decade. As
farmers struggle with cash flow, more of their bankers are seeking Farm Service
Agency guarantees to ensure repayment.

"Our lending is up tremendously over 1998," said Ms. Cooksie, adding that loan
funds could be out of money within weeks.

The agency has roughly $3 billion a year to run its direct and guaranteed loan
programs. Direct loans are made to farmers who otherwise cannot obtain credit.
The indirect program guarantees up to 90% of a private-sector loan.

Increased demand has also put a strain on the Farm Service Agency's lending
offices. Its best hope is for Congress to approve a supplemental increase so
that the agency can hire more people and make more loans.

"We've run out of money in the past, but normally it's not until well into the
third quarter," Ms. Cooksie said. "This is unlike anything we've ever seen
before."

Not all the agency's troubles can be blamed on agricultural conditions, however.

Some members of Congress have criticized the agency for waiting so long to write
the preferred lender regulations, which kicked in two weeks ago. Legislation
authorizing it was passed seven years ago.

Ms. Cooksie, who has held her post since 1996, said Congress is "justifiably
critical" of the time it has taken to implement the program.

"It's almost tragic that we go out with this new improved program at a time when
we're going to run out of money," she said.

And some bankers said the new program, which makes it quicker and easier for
qualifying banks to win a guarantee for their loans, does not go far enough. To
be considered a "preferred lender," a bank must have made 30 agricultural loans
in the last three years. According to Ms. Cooksie, about 250 banks meet that
criteria.

"Doesn't that preclude a lot of good agricultural lenders?" asked Mark Scanlan,
director of agricultural affairs at the Independent Bankers Association of
America.

But Ms. Cooksie defended the three-year, 30-loan threshold, calling it "a good
first step" in efforts to reduce paperwork and entice more banks into the
program.

"Preferred lender means preferred lender," she said. "It means that we have a
comfort level with you and that comfort level comes from how many times you've
done it."

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 580 words

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 24, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN SAYS MINORITY OF FARMERS ARE IN SEVERE FINANCIAL DISTRESS

BYLINE: By GERALD M. BOYD

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 26, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 816 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 23


President Reagan said today that only a minority of the nation's farmers are in
severe financial distress and that American taxpayers must not be asked to save
every farmer.

''Let me make one thing very plain,'' Mr. Reagan said in his weekly radio
broadcast. ''Yes, we are sympathetic and we will extend support. But American
taxpayers must not be asked to bail out every farmer hopelessly in debt, some by
hundreds of thousands of dollars, or be asked to bail out banks who also bet on
higher inflation.''



Response by Democrat

In the Democratic response to Mr. Reagan's remarks, Senator Edward Zorinsky of
Nebraska said the Administration should provide assistance to farmers in a
manner similar to how it has aided financially stricken American corporations
and ''unappreciative'' foreign governments.

''It's time Washington treated farmers as well as its treats multinational
corporations and foreign nations,'' he said.

The President's comments came as the Senate negotiated a compromise on farm
credit legislation, ending a filibuster by farm state senators that had blocked
a vote on the confirmation of Edwin Meese 3d as Attorney General. Mr. Meese was
confirmed in a vote of 63 to 31.

Mr. Reagan, who has criticized the linking of farm legislation to the
confirmation vote, did not mention Mr. Meese in his remarks, but provided the
most detailed explanation to date of his view of the economic situation of
farmers.

The address came a day after Agriculture Secretary John R. Block unveiled the
Administration's long-term plan for farmers, which would gradually reduce farm
subsidies and would eliminate direct Government farm loans. The legislation is
not related to the $650 million credit-relief package that the Administration
proposed last September. It has been called inadequate by some farm state
legislators.

Mr. Reagan, who spoke from the Presidential retreat at Camp David, Md., said,
''About two-thirds of today's farmers have no debt problems and only a minority
of the remainder are in severe financial distress.''

Recounts 'Shocks' to Farmers

As he had previously, Mr. Reagan said farmers had experienced some ''shocks'' in
recent years, including two grain embargoes, double-digit inflation and record
interest rates. In addition, he asserted that ''inflexible'' Federal farm
programs, ''have increased dependency on the Federal Government, weakening
incentives for self-reliance.''

Mr. Reagan contended that programs for commodities such as dairy products, corn
and wheat have created surpluses and ''sent false signals to the markets and
drove more farmers toward bankruptcy.''

He said the Federal Government had some responsibility for providing relief.
''The same Government which played a part in this unhappy drama, must not turn
away from those who are the backbone of our nation,'' he said. But he contended
that the $650 million program was enough to meet the immediate crisis, while the
long-term reform package that Mr. Block proposed Friday would serve as the
ultimate solution.

Mr. Reagan said the emergency credit program is already providing loan
guarantees for eligible farmers whose local banks have failed and who are unable
to find new sources without such a guarantee. At the same time, he said, the
program is easing its participation requirements, allowing more farmers to take
advantage of it.

''This Administration is moving forward with its credit program because spring
planting cannot wait,'' Mr. Reagan said.

Limits to Taxpayer Assistance

But Mr. Reagan took a harder line against further short-term steps, such as
offering more assistance or further reducing requirements for farmers to receive
loans, arguing that there were limits to what American taxpayers could do in the
way of assistance. Moreover, he said, other interests besides the Government
have a responsibility to help.

''We have already extended a tremendous amount of assistance,'' he said. ''It's
time for others to pitch in and do more, from officials at the state level to
banks, private groups and individuals in our communities, all joining in
partnership to help farmers.''

Senator Zorinksy, in the Democratic response, said that the short-term remedies
offered by the Administration are only a ''Band-Aid'' to farmers. Since
announcing the program, he said, the Government has guaranteed only 21 loans,
and has committed only $44 million of the $650 million earmarked for farm aid.

Senator Zorinsky said America's farmers are ''fighting for their economic
lives'' in a tragedy of staggering proportions.

''The Administration's response to this drama has been pitifully inadequate,''
he said. ''Rather than provide assistance, it has targeted key Federal farm
programs for reduction or extinction. Rather than offering a helping hand, it
has turned a cold shoulder on farmers' pleas for emergency aid.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    The Democrat-Reporter (Linden, Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2012

Marengo, Clarke, 31 other counties receive Secretarial Disaster Designation

BYLINE: The Democrat Reporter staff

LENGTH: 522  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (ESA) State Executive Director Dame] Robinson said that
33 counties in Alabama have received a Secretarial Disaster Designation under
the Secretarial Drought Fast-track. these counties are eligible for FSA loans
and programs to assist with recovery. The primary Alabama coun-ties are:
Autauga, Baldwin, Barbour, Bibb, Bullock, Butler, Chambers, Chilton, Clay,
Cleburne, Coffee, Conecuh, Coosa, Covington, Crenshaw, Dale Dallas, Elmore,
Escambia, Geneva, Henry, Houston, Lee, Lowndes, Viacon, Montgomery, Perry, like
Randolph, Russell, Telladega, Tallapoosa, and Wileox.

The following Alabama Conties are eligible because They are contiguous: Calhoun,
Cherokee, Clarke, Hale, Jeffferson, Marengo, Mobile, Monroe, St. Clair, Shelby,
Tuscaloosa, and Washington.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on July 12,
2012, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans at 2.25 percent from USDA's Farm Service
Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in
addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

Robinson encourages all farmers and ranchers to contact their crop insurance
companies and local USDA Farm Service Agency Service Centers, as applicable, to
report damages to crops or livestock loss. In addition, he also reminds
livestock producers to keep thorough records of losses, including additional
expenses for such things as food purchased due to lost supplies.

More information about federal crop insurance may be found at www.rma.usda.gov.
Additional resources to help farmers and ranchers deal with the drought may be
found at http://www.usda.gov/disaster.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay). lody Tartt talks with Miley Lee about the
music and lyric the children in Oliver will be singing.there will be 30 kids on
stage at one timeand the director is responsible for each one of them knowing
their parts and their places. She teaches this in high school, so she knows how
to lead children in theater productions.

Mark Freeman shades his eyes as he peers into the auditorium of the The
Canebrake Players Old School Theater. Next to him is his dad Randy Freeman. Paul
Willingham also listens as Jody Tartt explains how actors will move about the
set these volunteers are building. The musical Oliver will be performed August
3, 4, 5 and tickets must be bought at the door.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRP

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Democrat-Reporter


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 19, 2007 Friday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 352 words


Olean General extends treatment center hours

OLEAN -- Olean General Hospital has extended its Immediate Treatment Center's
hours of operation, opening daily at 11 a.m. to serve patients until 11 p.m.

Also, the hospital's emergency department recently launched its new Medhost
program, an electronic medical record system to track patient status and
condition from arrival to discharge.

The Immediate Treatment Center was opened in April 2006 to complement the
emergency department and provide walk-in care and treatment of lumps, bumps,
scrapes, bruises, lacerations, colds and other minor ailments.

***

Event stresses importance of after-school programs

JAMESTOWN -- School leaders and local officials gathered Thursday in Jefferson
Middle School to honor after-school programs.

The Lights on Afterschool Celebration for Jamestown Public Schools was one of
7,500 such events being held across the nation to emphasize the importance of
keeping the lights on and the doors open for after-school programs.

***

Primary disaster areas declared due to drought

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Erie, Chautauqua, Genesee and
four other New York counties primary disaster areas due to the dry growing
season.

In addition, Niagara, Cattaraugus, Wyoming and Orleans counties were among 13
named contiguous disaster counties.

The designations were made by acting Secretary Charles F. Connor in response to
the drought that began May 1.

The designations will enable farm operators in both primary and contiguous
counties to be eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency if all requirements are met. The Farm Service Agency will take into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Rep. Brian Higgins, D-Buffalo, said, "This designation frees up resources
available to help farmers get back on their feet."

"An unusually hot and dry summer resulted in severe crop shortages for
agri-businesses dependent on sufficient rain," Higgins said. For further
information, go to www.fsa.usda.gov, or call the Erie County FSA at 652-1400 or
the Chautauqua County FSA at 664-2351.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson, Walz: Disaster Loans Available for Small
Businesses and Other Organizations Affected by Flooding in Rock, Murray, Nobles,
and Pipestone Counties

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken and U.S. Representatives Collin
Peterson and Tim Walz today announced that Small Business Administration (SBA)
Economic Injury Disaster Loans are now available to small businesses and other
organizations affected by flooding in Rock, Murray, Nobles, and Pipestone
Counties. Last week, the USDA Farm Service Agency designated these counties as a
natural disaster area, making farmers and ranchers eligible for emergency loans
to help them recover and rebuild. The Economic Injury Disaster Loans are
available to small businesses and other organizations that suffered financial
losses as a result of the heavy precipitation and flooding.

"Torrential rains and severe flooding delivered a major blow to communities and
businesses in southwest Minnesota and across the state," Klobuchar said. "These
emergency loans will give an important boost to small businesses that suffered
flood damage, and I'll keep working to ensure that our businesses and
communities have the resources they need to fully recover."

"When severe weather and flooding struck Minnesota last month, I saw firsthand
that rural communities in the southwest were hit very hard by the storms,"
Franken said. "I'm pleased that the SBA is taking this critical step to support
small businesses with emergency loans, and I'm going to continue doing
everything I can to help all Minnesotans who are still trying to recover."

"These emergency loans will provide support for local businesses and other
organizations impacted by recent severe weather," Peterson said. "I will
continue to advocate for relief to ensure that those impacted by conditions
outside their control have the resources they need to recover."

"I am pleased these emergency loans have been made available to help our small
businesses," Representative Walz said. "Just as emergency loans will help our
farmers and ranchers recover, the loans provided by the SBA will help folks
regain their financial footing. Going forward, I will continue to fight for our
local businesses and communities as they continue to bounce back from the recent
natural disasters."

Under the Small Business Administration's Economic Injury Disaster Loan program,
qualifying small businesses and private non-profit organizations can receive
loans of up to $2 million. Eligibility is determined based on the size of the
applicant, the type of activity, and its financial resources.

For further information please visit: http://collinpeterson.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson, Walz: Disaster Loans Available for Small
Businesses and Other Organizations Affected by Flooding in Rock, Murray, Nobles,
and Pipestone Counties

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken and U.S. Representatives Collin
Peterson and Tim Walz today announced that Small Business Administration (SBA)
Economic Injury Disaster Loans are now available to small businesses and other
organizations affected by flooding in Rock, Murray, Nobles, and Pipestone
Counties. Last week, the USDA Farm Service Agency designated these counties as a
natural disaster area, making farmers and ranchers eligible for emergency loans
to help them recover and rebuild. The Economic Injury Disaster Loans are
available to small businesses and other organizations that suffered financial
losses as a result of the heavy precipitation and flooding.

"Torrential rains and severe flooding delivered a major blow to communities and
businesses in southwest Minnesota and across the state," Klobuchar said. "These
emergency loans will give an important boost to small businesses that suffered
flood damage, and I'll keep working to ensure that our businesses and
communities have the resources they need to fully recover."

"When severe weather and flooding struck Minnesota last month, I saw firsthand
that rural communities in the southwest were hit very hard by the storms,"
Franken said. "I'm pleased that the SBA is taking this critical step to support
small businesses with emergency loans, and I'm going to continue doing
everything I can to help all Minnesotans who are still trying to recover."

"These emergency loans will provide support for local businesses and other
organizations impacted by recent severe weather," Peterson said. "I will
continue to advocate for relief to ensure that those impacted by conditions
outside their control have the resources they need to recover."

"I am pleased these emergency loans have been made available to help our small
businesses," Representative Walz said. "Just as emergency loans will help our
farmers and ranchers recover, the loans provided by the SBA will help folks
regain their financial footing. Going forward, I will continue to fight for our
local businesses and communities as they continue to bounce back from the recent
natural disasters."

Under the Small Business Administration's Economic Injury Disaster Loan program,
qualifying small businesses and private non-profit organizations can receive
loans of up to $2 million. Eligibility is determined based on the size of the
applicant, the type of activity, and its financial resources.

For further information please visit: http://collinpeterson.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

AgForce briefs

BYLINE: MARK PHELPS

SECTION: AGFORC; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 314 words


Federal drought rethink urged

AGFORCE has urged the federal government to rethink its drought assistance
policy and recognise existing frameworks miss the mark for many as drought
continues.

In Canberra last week AgForce CEO Charles Burke, the National Farmers'
Federation and NSW Farmers, presented recommendations to address barriers to
those in genuine need to Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce.

The recommendations included simplifying applications for the farm household
allowance and applying farmer-friendly asset and off-farm income tests that
don't act against drought preparedness and management efforts;

extending access to the FHA for farm workers so they don't have to leave jobs or
the local area to apply; getting better primary lender support and extending
repayment periods for concessional loans so repayment is not required before
farms have fully recovered from drought;

greater relief from immediate financing costs.

by reducing loan interest to be in line with the actual cost to government.

Extending further funding to enable access to concessional loans for farm
-dependent rural businesses.

Provide further funding for the well-received water infrastructure rebate which
addresses animal welfare concerns and could be extended to include
resilience-building improvements.

Provide emergency income to drought-affected local governments, such as grants
for infrastructure projects like wild dog and macropod fencing.

Mr Burke said preliminary and distressing results of a drought survey of AgForce
members reiterated the need for urgent action.

"With the end of the current northern wet season approaching and with below
average rainfall again received in many areas many of our members are facing
their fourth season without significant, or even moderate, income," Mr Burke
said.

* Members are encouraged to continue to contribute to the survey:
www.surveymonkey.com/s/MCS86GC

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 5, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Drought Floods Ranches With Pain;
Without Emergency Relief, Nebraskans Say They're About to Go Under

BYLINE: Robert E. Pierre, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1423 words

DATELINE: McCOOK, Neb.


Everyone here will tell you without your having to ask that ranchers are a
sturdy lot, able to take a beating and rise before the sun for another hard
day's work. But in the same breath, they whisper: Even ranchers have their
breaking point.

This summer is that point for many Nebraska ranchers.

As one of the worst droughts in recent memory maintains its grip, cattle farmers
such as Larry Shields are struggling. Corn and beans raised without irrigation
are withering in the field. Pastures that normally keep cattle fat and healthy
through the fall are nothing but brown, dry stubble. Wells and irrigation canals
are drying up. Grasshoppers, meanwhile, are thriving and devouring everything in
sight.

Growing conditions are so poor that many Nebraska ranchers are culling or
selling herds that took generations to perfect because they can't afford to feed
them through the winter. Agriculture officials estimate that the state --
particularly the 22,000 Nebraska farms and ranches raising cattle -- had lost $
1.4 billion through the first six months of this year.

Shields, 35, will try to keep his 170 head of cattle for at least another year.
He's hoping for a wet but mild fall and winter. The current crop is already
gone.

"There won't be a fall harvest," said Shields, a third-generation farmer, as he
surveyed the 3,600 acres he farms just outside McCook in the state's southwest
corner. "My dad will be 71 in October, and he says this is by far worse than the
1950s."

Fourteen states, including Nebraska, South Dakota and Kansas, are in the midst
of what weather experts call an "exceptional" drought, the most severe of four
drought designations, which implies conditions that occur about twice each
century. The drought is as severe in some regions as it was in the Dust Bowl of
the 1930s.  Then, similar conditions covered 65 percent of the nation, compared
with less than 40 percent now.

Still, the results are disastrous: forest fires in Colorado and Kansas, severe
water shortages on the East Coast, and ranchers in the Plains scrambling to keep
herds fed. Water shortages in Nebraska, for instance, have led to threats
against state workers whose job it is to cut supplies off when water levels drop
too low.

"In many cases, people are ready to fight," said Susan France, head of the Water
Rights Administration of Nebraska's Department of Natural Resources, "but most
people understand there just isn't any water."

Last month, the U.S. Department of Agriculture made $ 150 million in surplus
milk available for use in animal feed, and drought-stricken states have been
declared disaster areas, making farmers eligible for low-cost loans. But
President Bush has so far rejected pleas for new aid. He said any relief for
states such as Nebraska should come from the $ 190 billion farm bill signed in
May. Still, emergency spending bills pending in the House and Senate would
provide as much as $ 5 billion in emergency drought aid.

While the debate in Washington continues, Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns (R) has
opened state roadsides and ditches to haying. And he has pushed residents to
donate hay to a private organization, the Orphan Grain Train, which is
delivering hay from the relatively wet eastern part of the state to the
dried-out western half.

The project, called "Operation Hay and Grain Lift," has delivered about 1,300
tons of hay to farmers, including Shields, who need the hay to keep their
operations going. But those efforts are only delaying the inevitable unless new
federal aid comes soon, many here contend. As in other disasters, they want the
Federal Emergency Management Agency dispatched.

"This is a disaster with the same result as if it were a flood, a tornado or a
devastating hurricane," said the Rev. Ray S. Wilke, a farmer who heads the
Orphan Grain Train, which does charity work worldwide.

"There are towns here where the whole economy is dependent on the cow and the
calf. This should be treated like any other disaster. The government spent more
money retrieving John F. Kennedy Jr.'s body than they have on this drought."

Like other disasters, the drought has brought out the best in people, Wilke
said. At the group's office in the northeast Nebraska town of Norfolk, phones
are ringing all day with calls from people who need hay and those who want to
give it. Almost all of the donations so far have come as the result of the
federal government opening Conservation Reserve Program acres -- where the
government pays farmers not to produce a crop -- to haying and livestock
grazing. But some farmers are doing more than allowing their hay to be cut and
baled for free. Sam Sampson has a 160-acre farm near Lincoln and is paying to
have 100 tons of hay cut and baled, as well. It's the right thing to do, he
said.

"We get a check every year whether it's dry or it's wet," said Sampson, 58,
whose income comes primarily from the general contracting firm he owns in
Lincoln. "I've had my legs under their [ranchers'] tables, so when they need
help, we have an obligation to share."

The Kuehn family of Hartwell were happy recipients. They received a
semitrailer-load of hay from the project. Their 500 acres have been in the
family for three generations and now are being run primarily by Jason and
Vatisha Kuehn, 23 and 22, respectively, who are getting a tough lesson in
farming just as they start out.

Their alfalfa didn't come up very well, and grasshoppers mowed through what did
grow. Their cornfields, which were intended to feed their 30 cattle through
winter, contain high levels of nitrate because of the dry weather. Too much
nitrate could kill their herd, so they -- and many of their neighbors -- were
looking for alternative feeding sources when they heard about the hay giveaway.

"It's saving our butts, really," Vatisha Kuehn said. "I was impressed and amazed
to see how many people are willing to help. There is one gentleman around here
who is donating hay and buying hay for himself."

Everyone involved acknowledge that the volunteer effort is only a stopgap
measure. "It's an attitude booster," said Vern Steinman, a retired livestock
feed distributor who is heading the volunteer hay effort. "All we're trying to
do is help them survive. If they know somebody cares, that's the big thing."

But this is not just about benevolence. State and community leaders are worried
because the beef industry in Nebraska has an estimated $ 11.5 billion impact in
the state.

And Shields, the farmer from McCook, said that affects everyone. He has
outstanding loans at the bank.  He has daughters, ages 9 and 6, who need new
clothes for school. His old pickup will need fixing. His wife works, and two
days a week he also works at the local sell barn where ranchers come to sell
beef.

"It's going to affect the whole economy," he said. "Next spring, I'm going to
have bills to pay at the co-op shop, the tire shop. . . . I may not buy a new
shirt to replace the ones with holes in them. I may wear a shirt or a pair of
shoes longer."

And another loan is out of the question, low-cost or not, Shields said. "There
has to be some integrity to this thing," he said. "I have $ 130,000 borrowed for
this year already. I don't have nothing to pay the money back if I take another
loan. There's got to be something to cover this."

Nebraska officials are making the same argument. For the economics on a cattle
farm to work, there needs to be summer grazing land, and either grazing lands or
corn stalks in the fields for the fall and winter. Feeding of hay and other
supplemental grains is typically limited to late winter. But this year, with
grazing lands all dried up, some farmers began feeding animals in July.

"We need some disaster assistance again this year," said Greg Ibach, assistant
director of the state's Department of Agriculture. "We need to compensate
ranchers for the loss of grazing land so they can go out and purchase additional
feed. We have fifth-generation families in Nebraska that have spent decades of
breeding perfecting those genetics. We're losing those genetics" as people sell.

The farm bill, state leaders said, does not have an automatic trigger for
droughts or floods, because it is primarily aimed at crops. Many ranchers don't
produce a crop to take to market, except their cattle.

Johanns said it doesn't matter where the money comes from to help, but only that
it comes soon.

"These guys are tough," he said. "They are just trying to figure out how to live
another day to raise cattle. They've been through a tough summer."

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    News Letter Journal (Newcastle, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2013

Weston County eligible for emergency drought loans

BYLINE: News Letter Journal staff

LENGTH: 269  words


The Secretary of Agriculture has declared a number of Wyoming counties eligible
for disaster assistance, and Weston County is among those where farmers and
ranchers may qualify for emergency loans based on losses caused by drought that
began April 2 and is continuing.

Under the declaration, all 23 Wyoming counties qualify for assistance. Albany,
Big Horn, Campbell, Carbon, Converse, Crook, Fremont, Goshen, Hot Springs,
Johnson, Laramie, Natrona, Niobrara, Park, Platte, Sheridan, Sublette,
Sweetwater, Washakie and Weston counties in Wyoming were all declared primary
disaster areas, while Lincoln, Teton and Uinta counties are considered
contiguous to the primary designated counties and are therefore also eligible
for assistance.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30 percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Pro-duction losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100
percent of the total actual calculated production loss.

Under the FSA Emergency Loan Program, the amount available to qualified
producers cannot exceed the sum of the physical loss or $500,000, whichever is
less. FSA emergency loans are available only to operators of not larger than
family size farms and operators unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The deadline for applying for FSA loans under this disaster designation is Dec.
10. For further information, farmers and ranchers located in the designated
counties are encouraged to contact their local FSA county office.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLJ

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 News Letter Journal


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            September 6, 1998 Sunday

FINDING A FARM FIX;
THE POLITICAL HEAT IS ON THE HELP THE NATION'S STRUGGLING FARMERS. BUT NEW FARM
POLICIES CAN'T COMPLETELY SOLVE PROBLEMS THAT STEM FROM A VARIETY OF SOURCES,
INCLUDING GLOBAL ONES.

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 2029 words


This past week's 500-point plunge of the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave
investors a taste of what farmers have experienced so far this year and sent
shock waves through the investment community and the political world that is
preparing for the November elections.

But is there a political fix for the farm problem? Or for the unstable
securities and financial markets, for that matter?

Perhaps, perhaps not, say farm organization leaders and international trade
watchers, who acknowledge that political control of the U.S. Congress might sway
with the economy. Regardless, some intervention by government is expected when
members of Congress return to Washington after their August recesses and
campaign tours at home.

The American Farm Bureau Federation, the nation's largest farm organization with
4 million members, is arguing that Congress should "stay the course" with a farm
program passed by a Republican-controlled Congress in 1996.

Al Christopherson, president of the Minnesota Farm Bureau and chairman of a
national committee on international trade, said in a statement for the national
organization that Congress should support trade promotion programs and
international institutions working to restore Asian and Russian financial
markets. And Dean Kleckner, national president of the Farm Bureau, testified
before Congress this summer by noting that the farm program is working the way
it was intended; it's just that markets aren't moving in farmers' best
interests.

But the political heat is on. Last Wednesday, Kleckner appointed 10 state Farm
Bureau presidents to a special committee on the farm economy to explore both
short-term and long-term solutions to 'the farm problem."

The rival National Farmers Union organization, which has 300,000 members,
proclaims the 1996 farm program a failure that needs to be retooled, among other
actions. It calls for Congress to restore a commodity loan program that
effectively establishes a minimum price for grains. Dave Frederickson, president
of the Minnesota Farmers Union, said such a measure also would aid countries
that can no longer buy from America because their currency values have
collapsed.

One clear signal that pressure is mounting for a political response comes from
North Dakota, where the Farm Bureau and Farmers Union have put aside differences
and issued joint statements proposing compromise positions on farm policies that
would help their farmers survive the coming year.

"Anyone who thinks the current federal farm program is the last farm program is
naive," said Willard Cochrane, the retired University of Minnesota economist who
has been advising presidents and Congress on farm policy since the Great
Depression.

Government takes action - wisely or not - whenever the farm economy goes in the
tank, he said. The threat to farm income and the rural economy is so great this
year that he believes some remedial action by government is certain.

Income likely to drop

Across the nation, net farm income is expected to drop by 12 percent this year
and next, based on projections by economists for Iowa State University and the
University of Missouri, who jointly operate a Food and Agriculture Policy
Research Institute.

Farm income in corn- and soybean-growing areas - Minnesota and Wisconsin's two
largest field crops - may fall even more sharply that national averages, warned
Kent Olson, an economist with the Minnesota Extension Service who works with 208
commercial-size farmers enrolled in the Southwest Minnesota Farm Business
Management program.

For those members, Olson now estimates that net farm income may fall from
$40,600 earned on their farms last year to an income loss of $42,650 this year.

"I hope this estimate of extremely poor income will spur farmers to act and
respond to opportunities to raise income and cut expenses," he said in an
Extension Service report. 'I'd love it if my estimates are wrong."

Unfortunately, there are no reasons to suspect his estimates are wrong. Instead,
he may be understating how far farm income will fall. In August, when he was
preparing his study from a database of farm revenues and expenses on
Southwestern Minnesota farms, commodity prices for major farm crops were
continuing a free fall that started with a large U.S. harvest last fall.

Corn prices paid at country elevators had fallen to around $1.60 a bushel, at
least a dollar below prices paid for corn at the same time a year ago. Soybean
prices had fallen below $5 a bushel, about $2 less than last summer's prices.
And prices paid for market-size pigs for packing plants had dipped to about 30
cents a pound, or about $30 for 100 pounds of live animal. That's a drop of
about 25 percent below prices farmers received in 1997.

"If these prices continue for any length of time this fall, farm income will be
even lower than we're estimating," Olson said. "Even the most efficient farm
operators will not make money with $1.60 corn."

Exceptions to the bleak outlook include the dairy industry and specialty crops
producers. Because Wisconsin's farm economy is still centered on its large dairy
industry, and because Wisconsin is also a large producing state for specialty
crops such as cranberries, canning vegetables and mint, the state's farm income
is expected to hold up better this year than in most surrounding states.

But in the past, noted economist and farm policy adviser Cochrane, cheap feed
spurred dairy herd expansions and increased milk production. Wisconsin's farm
problem, then, is likely delayed a year or two - but not avoided.

Bill Oemichen, Wisconsin's deputy commissioner of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection, said his department keeps monitoring farm problems in
Minnesota and the Dakotas. "We're not seeing anything yet like what's going on
in Minnesota," he said; but he added that people in Wisconsin "know which way
the wind blows."

Roots are global

In their report to Congress last July 30, the Missouri and Iowa State economists
at the FAPRI institute said the current crisis with farm income is derived from
world currency problems weakening demand at the same time farmers worldwide are
expecting their third consecutive record-breaking harvest of major crops.

Only once before in the in the past 30 years have world growing conditions
produced such abundance, they noted, and that was during the 1984-87 period,
when the U.S. farm economy was still treading its way through the 1980s farm
depression.

As a result, it is difficult to lay any of the current market condition problems
on the federal farm program that went into effect in 1996, insisted Gary Adams,
a grain marketing analyst on the FAPRI team from the University of Missouri.

Put another way, the problems descending on agriculture are part of a larger
supply-and-demand imbalance affecting the entire global economy, said Ed
Lotterman, economist with the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.

"I don't think you can fix that with farm policies," Lotterman said. "But I
expect the political pressure is such that Congress will try."

Congress mulls options

Congress is already trying, even though a portion of the farm population blames
Congress for allowing the markets to collapse. It has increased federal money
for disaster relief in Texas, where drought caused about $1.5 billion in damage
to the state's cotton crop; and for farmers in northwest Minnesota, North Dakota
and South Dakota who are losing spring wheat crops to disease following the 1997
floods.

In early August, President Clinton signed into law an "emergency" measure
allowing farmers to receive the federal farm income subsidy payments in October
that were due to be paid in two installments during 1999. These payments, known
as Agricultural Market Transition Act payments, are part of a seven-year pay-out
of federal income subsidies while the federal farm program phases out support
programs for agriculture production and farm income.

Technically, the federal farm program still exists and hasn't been repealed. But
tapping into future years' income subsidy payments means Congress has taken the
wheels off the current farm program, put it up on blocks, and plans to keep it
idle - at least through the remainder of this election year.

That is why Cochrane says there will be more federal farm programs as long as
there remains public sympathy for the farm population. Future programs will most
likely come in the form of emergency or disaster relief measure that the public
will support.

"Drought, disease, or a collapse of the yen or ruble that wipes out farm income.
What's the difference? They are all disasters for the farmer," he said.

Cochrane, now 85, helped shape President Roosevelt's farm recovery programs
during the Depression - along with Harvard's John Kenneth Galbraith, the
University of Missouri's Harold Beimyer, Iowa farm and agribusiness leader Henry
Wallace, and a small corps of other agricultural thinkers. Those programs shaped
the federal farm programs that have remained in place with periodic adjustments
for the past 60 years.

A modification of a farm program used in 1932 and 1933 might work today,
Cochrane said. The recovery loan program, which preceded the start of Roosevelt
farm income support efforts, provided farmers with working capital to carry the
farm family forward until prices recovered.

A form of that continues today with the commodity loan program, in which farmers
use grain as collateral for a short-term loan. The danger now, as it was in 1932
and 1933, is that prices won't recover before farmers need to sell their stored
grain and repay the loan.

Cochrane, however, said a program like the earlier version, with more time for
prices to recover, might carry farmers through a transitional period. During
that time, he said, farmers should be encouraged to diversify their crops or
livestock operations, create new crops for disease-prone areas like the northern
Red River Valley wheat country, or until an aggressive scientific effort finds a
disease control for the small grains crops.

Seeking a political fix to the 'farm problem'

When members of Congress returned to their home districts during the annual
August recess, rural lawmakers were given an earful of woes about declining farm
prices, farm bankruptcies and dim prospects for export markets.

Here is what different farm groups are saying:

American Farm Bureau Federation:

"Stay the course!" Do not repeal or amend the 1996 farm bill.

Instead, Farm Bureau wants:

*Improved trade promotion programs

*Less regulation on farm operations

*Lower capital gains taxes

*New 'risk management' tools

National Farmers Union

"Remove the caps!" This means the farm group wants government to raise the loan
rate value of crops that can be stored as collateral for federal loans.

*Extend the length of time farmers can hold commodity loans to allow farm prices
to recover.

*Improve federal crop insurance programs

*Support trade promotion programs

*Support antitrust enforcement in concentrated agriculture markets

The North Dakota Compromise

(Farm Bureau and Farmers Union joint recommendations)

*Remove caps on commodity loan rates for one year, or until a viable crop
insurance program is started.

*Indemnity and emergency programs for repeated losses from natural disasters.

*Accelerated Agriculture Market Transition (AMTA) payments - Allow farmers to
draw scheduled subsidies a year in advance.

*Start a flood compensation program for crop and pasture land

*Replenish and increase funding to International Monetary Fund

*Make farm exports a priority for GSM Export Credit Guarantees, Market Access
Program and Export Enhancement Program trade assistance

*Start a permanent livestock disaster program (replacing temporary disaster
relief)

*Exempt food exports from U.S. political/economic sanctions

*Expand humanitarian food purchases and assistance (both world hunger and
domestic needs)

(Sources: Statements from the farm organizations.)

Lee Egerstrom, who covers food and agriculture, can be reached at
legerstrom@pioneerpress.com, or (651) 228-5437

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See related story
COCHRANE ON FARMS: PARTIES LACK SOLUTIONS

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos: JEAN PIERI, PIONEER PRESS
1) Willard Cochrane, 85, helped shaped President Roosevelt's farm
programs during the Depression. Those programs shaped the federal farm
programs that have remained in place with occasional adjustments for
the past 60 years.
2) Willard Cochrane, a retired University of Minnesota economist,
visits a former neighbor's farm in the Stillwater area. Cochrane, a
longtime U.S. political adviser, thinks the current threat to farm
income will require some remedial action by government.

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Drought leads to state of emergency;
WALKER'S DECLARATION INCLUDES DANE, 41 OTHER WISCONSIN COUNTIES.

BYLINE: By CLAY BARBOUR cbarbour@madison.com 608-252-6129

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 318 words


Persistent drought-like conditions led Gov. Scott Walker on Monday to declare a
state of emergency in 42 Wisconsin counties, going so far as to expedite permits
that would allow farmers to temporarily irrigate crops with stream or lake
water.

The declaration, which includes Dane and its surrounding counties, is just
another indicator of the worst conditions for farming since the drought of 1988,
said Casey Langan, Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation spokesman.

"This is starting to remind a lot of people of that period," Langan said. "If
you farm the southern part of the state, this is hitting you hard."

Southern Wisconsin has been declared a moderate drought region, according to The
Drought Monitor, a federal government report released last week. Madison has
received only 0.31 inches of rain since June 1.

The governor said Monday the state had to do what it could to protect the
farmers and itself.

"Agriculture adds more than $59 billion to our economic output every year, and
accounts for 354,000 jobs," Walker said. "One in every 10 Wisconsinites depends
on agriculture for employment."

During a state of emergency, the Department of Natural Resources can expedite
requests from farmers to divert water from streams and lakes.

The agency has to inspect such waterways within 72 hours of requests, making
sure that fish and other wildlife will not be harmed. The state last allowed
this practice in 2009.

Langan said the practice is not widely used, mainly because few farmers have the
equipment needed to do it. "You can't just back the tractor up to the lake," he
said.

The state is encouraging farmers to report crop conditions to their local U.S.
Farm Service Agency office. Information gathered will provided the basis for any
request by Walker to have the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture declare a disaster
area.

Such a move could make low-cost emergency loans and other assistance available
to farmers.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CRAIG SCHREINER - State Journal Soil at the edge of a cornfield is
cracked and dry along Church Road near Ashton on Monday. The corn crop across
southern Wisconsin is struggling from a lack of moisture. The state is
encouraging farmers to report crop conditions to their local U.S. Farm Service
Agency office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2011 Saturday

BRIEF: Farm disaster aid available

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


April 23--Farm families in the 10 counties under the disaster declaration are
eligible to apply for Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans for eligible family
farmers.

Those counties are Wilson, Johnston, Bertie, Bladen, Cumberland, Halifax,
Harnett, Johnston, Lee, Onslow and Wake counties.

Twenty-three additional North Carolina counties are named as contiguous counties
where eligible family farmers may qualify for FSA-EM loan assistance in
accordance with Section 321 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
Those counties are Carteret, Edgecombe, Hoke, Northampton, Sampson, Chatham,
Franklin, Jones, Pender, Warren, Columbus, Granville, Martin, Pitt, Washington,
Duplin, Greene, Moore, Robeson, Wayne, Durham, Hertford and Nash.

Farmers in Wilson County may apply for EM loans for physical and production
losses. Dec. 19 is the deadline for filing an application. The Wilson County FSA
office is located at 1806 Goldsboro St.

Office hours are 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday-Friday.

Any farmer who suffered a physical and production loss should contact the Wilson
County Farm Service Agency at 237-5147, ext. 4 for more information.

To see more of The Wilson Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wilsondaily.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110423-ZW-BRF-Farm-disaster-aid-available-0423-20110423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2011 The Wilson Daily Times


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 17, 1999 Friday

METRO;
REGIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: LOCAL; METRO/REGIONAL BRIEFING; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 626 words


MOUNTAIN IRON, MINN.
10 cases of fungal infection confirmed:

Ten cases of a rare fungal infection have been confirmed in this northeastern
Minnesota town, and state health officials said they suspect a dozen more.

Dr. Richard Danila, acting state epidemiologist, and seven health officials are
in Mountain Iron to test soil and river beds and draw blood samples from
residents to learn more about the blastomycosis outbreak.

Seven Mountain Iron residents who were hospitalized with pneumonia as a result
of the infections have been released from area hospitals, Danila said Wednesday.
The 10 victims, ranging in age from 19 to 70, all live in the same Mountain Iron
neighborhood.

The illness - named for the fungus blastomycosis dermititidis - occurs when a
victim inhales fungus spores. Humans and animals can become infected by the
fungus, but the illness is not contagious.

Danila said outbreaks of this size are rare. On average, Minnesota reports 10 to
20 cases of blastomycosis each year. Usually, it is hunters, hikers and forestry
workers who develop the infections because of their time in wooded areas, Danila
said.

Health officials suspect early July construction unearthed the fungus, but are
unsure if any traces of the culprit remain. Unusually wet, stormy conditions,
followed by periods of higher-than-average heat, may have contributed to the
outbreak.

-- Associated Press
MINNESOTA
USDA sets disaster assistance for 16 counties:

Farmers in 16 northern Minnesota counties are eligible for low-interest,
emergency loans, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Thursday.

Nine counties were declared primary disaster areas: Beltrami, Kittson,
Koochiching, Lake of the Woods, Marshall, Polk, Pennington, Red Lake and Roseau
counties. In addition, the USDA declared Cass, Clearwater, Hubbard, Itasca,
Mahnomen, Norman and St. Louis counties as contiguous disaster counties.

Farmers in those counties can receive the same types of loans.

The request was strictly for help to offset crop losses and that's why it was
made to the USDA instead of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which
covers other losses.

Local Farm Service Agency offices will take loan applications.

FEMA last month approved an appeal to provide $6.77 million in federal disaster
aid, including loans to small businesses, to six of those northwestern Minnesota
counties that were hit by severe wet weather this spring.

-- Associated Press
HOPKINS
Man sought in attack in high school restroom:

A female student was uninjured after fighting off a man who grabbed her in the
women's restroom about 8:15 a.m. Thursday at Hopkins High School in Minnetonka.

The Minnetonka Police Department and school officials are looking for the man
who fled the scene. He is described as in his early 30s, about 6 feet tall with
a thin build and brown hair. He was wearing a white T-shirt, blue jeans, and
navy and white athletic shoes.

Minnetonka police continue to investigate the incident. Anyone with information
is asked to call the department at (612) 939-8500.

-- From Staff Reports
ST. JAMES, MINN.
Murder-suicide remains mystery; victims ID'd:

Authorities don't know what drove Edward Rathman to kill his wife, Cynthia, and
then himself.

They received a call at about noon Monday from a farm five miles north of St.
James.

The Rathmans were found by farm owner Walter Lorenz, who lives in Mankato.

Cynthia Rathman, 45, was found dead in a pickup. Next to her was her husband,
Edward, 47, who apparently shot himself in the head after killing her.

Although the Rathmans were married, they had different addresses. The husband
lived in rural Bingham Lake, and his wife lived in St. James.
-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

Loans aim to help struggling farmers

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Headlines

LENGTH: 601 words


Friday February 19, 2010

PITTSFIELD -- Last summer's wet weather didn't just hurt tourism in the
Berkshires, it affected the growing season, too.

"It was a really, really hard year," said Barbara Zheutlin, the executive
director of Berkshire Grown of Great Barrington, an organization that supports
local agriculture.

To give small farmers a financial boost, MassDevelopment has joined with two
nonprofit organizations to form a small farm loan program that will provide
loans ranging from $3,000 to $15,000 for eligible farmers across the state. The
funds are intended to help farmers finance capital investments and meet
operating costs.

Capital investments covered in the loan include those that improve efficiency
and quality, or that expand farm production or sales. Also eligible are expenses
related to repairs that are necessary to maintain farm operations, operating
needs such as inventory, supplies or labor for expansion, and emergency funds
that result from natural disasters such as fires.

"We're very excited about it," said Zheutlin, whose organization counts 197
restaurants, farms, markets and other agricultural entities as members. "Farmers
need support at many stages in their farming lives."

"I think generally with what's been happening with the credit markets, any
alternative source of funding is important for farming in Massachusetts," said
Scott Soares, the commissioner of the state Department of Agricultural
Resources.

The two nonprofits, Strolling of the Heifers and The Carrot Project, launched a
microloan fund for farmers in both Vermont and Western Massachusetts last year
that had five recipients, including Mighty Foods Farm, a Community Sustainable
Agriculture (CSA) farm in Pownal, Vt. No Berkshire County farms applied for the
loans last year, said Dorothy Suput, The Carrot Project's executive director.

MassDevelopment's involvement has allowed the program to be offered across the
state this year, according to spokeswoman Kelly Abbruzzese. The Carrot Project,
a Somerville nonprofit that creates financing solutions for small and mid-size
farms, will administer this year's program with MassDevelopment.

"We partnered with MassDevelopment because we really wanted to work in the
entire state," Suput said. "The alternative for us was to work with different
banks. We just thought it made more sense to work with one partner."

Farmers who either own or lease farms in Massachusetts are eligible for the
loans, but the focus is on farms that have 250 or fewer acres under cultivation,
report annual revenues of under $250,000, and use or are moving toward organic
methods.

While the number of Berkshire County farms increased from 401 to 522 between
2002 and 2007, the average size decreased from 171 acres to 127, according to
the state agricultural census, which is compiled in five-year intervals.

More than half of Berkshire County's farms currently have 250 acres or less,
said Aimee Thayer, the executive director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Berkshire County Farm Service Bureau in Pittsfield. Zheutlin said
the majority of the 90 farms that belong to Berkshire Grown fit the criteria for
the loan program.

"It doesn't mean that they all need or want loans," she said. "It means that
those that do need or want them can have a place to go. It's really great for
the local economy."

Zheutlin said the loan program could really help the county's non-traditional
farmers.

"We have people farming [now], who didn't grow up on farms," she said. "Those
people are particularly helped by this fund."

To reach Tony Dobrowolski:
 TDobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com
(413) 496-6224

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 1326 words


Jail for McAuliffe A3

Two cars collide, 3 with minor injuries

CHEYENNE - Two cars collided Saturday, but no one was hurt seriously.

It happened about 3:50 p.m. when Sonja Rowe attempted to turn left from Pershing
Boulevard onto College Drive. She failed to yield to Jessica Kreshorn, who was
southbound on College Drive, according to a news release from Cheyenne police.

Rowe was driving a 1997 Pontiac Grand Am. Kreshorn was driving a 2000 Dodge
Durango.

Both drivers and a child were taken to United Medical Center-West, where they
were treated for minor injuries, according to the release.

Rowe was cited for failing to yield while making a left turn.

County farmers, ranchers eligible for assistance

CHEYENNE - Laramie County farmers and ranchers are eligible for disaster
assistance because of federal disaster declarations in Colorado and Nebraska.

Emergency loans based on losses caused by drought, fire, high winds and heat may
be available to those who qualify.

To qualify for production loss loans, applicants must have suffered at least a
30 percent loss of their normal production per acre or normal per animal
production. Production losses are calculated from an average of the three years
immediately preceding the disaster year and may be made for an amount up to 100
percent of the total actual calculated production loss.

For more information, contact Dixie Mount, farm loan officer for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency in Wheatland at (307) 322-4050.

Fla. group's visit aimed at fostering friendship

CHEYENNE - Nineteen members of the Florida Sun Friendship Force Club arrived in
Cheyenne on Monday.

The visitors from the St. Petersburg area are part of an an interclub exchange
with the Friendship Force of Cheyenne.

Group activities during the weeklong visit will include a trolley tour of the
city, dinner at the Terry Bison Ranch, a meeting with Mayor Jack Spiker, a trip
to the archeological dig in Pine Bluffs and Cheyenne Frontier Days activities.

Cheyenne hosts will make preparations for a visit to Florida during the winter
of 2007.

Even Cowboys wear pink to battle breast cancer

CHEYENNE - To support breast cancer research, Cheyenne Frontier Days officials
are challenging all patrons to wear pink on Thursday.

The goal is to have Frontier Park Arena, grandstands and park full of pink,
including pink shirts, bandannas, scarves, belts, boots and hats.

The event is called "Tough Enough to Wear Pink."

Reservoir will be refilled, suitable for recreation

CHEYENNE - Guernsey Reservoir will refill a week early this year and will be
"suitable for recreation" beginning July 29, according to a press release issued
by the Bureau of Reclamation.

Water levels are expected to remain constant for several weeks but "will not be
suitable for boating the last week of August."

Glendo Reservoir is expected to decrease approximately 30 feet between the end
of July and approximately the first week of September. The reservoir will see
water levels increase from Sept. 1 through the winter months.

As of July 24, the Bureau of Reclamation reports that Glendo Reservoir is 65
percent full, with approximately 40 feet of ramp in the water at Glendo Marina,
Reno Cove and Whiskey Gulch.

Visitors to both Guernsey and Glendo state parks also are reminded that fire
restrictions are currently in place at both facilities. Open fires are not
permitted. However, propane grills and fireplaces, as well as charcoal grills
with a lid are permitted.

Officials say hot weather may increase West Nile

CASPER (AP) - Wyoming has had just two cases of West Nile virus this year -
horses in Campbell and Fremont counties - but state health officials say
continued hot, dry weather could increase the risk of the disease spreading.

Terry Creekmore, the West Nile coordinator for the Wyoming Department of Health,
said hot, dry conditions could exacerbate the situation with the disease.

Texas woman cited for stop failure in fatality

FARSON (AP) - A Texas woman was cited for failing to stop at a stop sign,
causing a crash that killed her passenger.

Angela G. Beyer, 55, of Sulphur Springs, Texas, died at the scene of Friday's
crash.

The Wyoming Highway Patrol said Beyer and Donna S. Spencer, 54, of Mexia, Texas,
were westbound on Wyoming 28 when Spencer ran the stop sign at the intersection
with U.S. 191.

Cheyenne out of running for Marshals museum

LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - The home of a national museum featuring the history of
the U.S. Marshals Service will be selected in a showdown, of sorts, between two
finalists: Fort Smith in western Arkansas and Staunton in Virginia's Shenandoah
Valley.

Cheyenne and Hollywood, Calif., were eliminated from the running.

Region

Neb. state trooper kills Calif. suspect

BIG SPRINGS, Neb. (AP) - A Nebraska state trooper shot and killed a California
man Monday ending a hostage standoff on an Interstate 80 median near Big
Springs.

State Patrol spokeswoman Deb Collins identified the dead man as Silvio Conrado,
30, of Lancaster, Calif. The hostage was unharmed.

Nation

Indians ponder $8B Congressional deal

WASHINGTON (AP) - American Indians suing the government over billions of dollars
in lost royalties say they are contemplating an offer by members of Congress to
resolve their lawsuit for $8 billion.

The offer is considerably lower than the $27.5 billion plaintiffs offered to
settle for a year ago. But plaintiffs say they are considering it seriously,
bringing them close to ending the lawsuit, which has bogged down the Interior
and Justice departments for 10 years.

Crew readies to abandon listing ship in Pacific

ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) - The crew of an Asian ship listing nearly on its side in
the North Pacific prepared to abandon the vessel Monday after Coast Guard
officials determined it was too dangerous to stay on board.

The Coast Guard and Alaska Air National Guard were sending helicopters and other
rescue craft to pick up the 22 crew members of the Cougar Ace, 230 miles from
Adak Island in the Aleutians.

Fast-growing wildfire threatens Calif. homes

LAKE MORENA, Calif. (AP) - A fast-growing forest fire in San Diego County
prompted voluntary evacuations of hundreds of homes early Monday before turning
away.

The wildfire was burning on 6,600 acres - about 10 square miles - of
brush-covered hills in the Cleveland National Forest.

For-profit hospital group may take $21.3 buyout

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The board of HCA Inc. is recommending the nation's
largest for-profit hospital operator accept a $21.3 billion deal to take the
company private in one of the largest leveraged buyouts ever.

The deal, which would involve the assumption of $11.7 billion in debt, comes
while HCA is struggling with sliding earnings, slow growth and escalating costs
for uninsured patients.

The buyout would take the Nashville-based company private for the second time
since its initial public offering in 1969, and it would give HCA time to turn
around its market performance.

world

EU to fund human stem cell research

BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) - The European Union decided Monday to continue funding
human embryonic stem cell research, although new rules adopted by the 25-nation
bloc prevent human cloning and destroying embryos.

The funding will come from the EU's $65 billion research budget for 2007-2013,
when the new rules expire.

Poland, Austria, Malta, Slovakia and Lithuania voted against the updated rules
for "ethical and moral" reasons, they said. Germany and Italy backed the
proposal after initially wavering.

Indian police arrest 4th suspect in train blast

BOMBAY, India (AP) - Indian police have arrested a fourth suspect in the Bombay
train blasts that killed more than 200 people, a top police investigator said
Monday.

The suspect identified as Tanvir Ahmed Ansari appeared in a Bombay court, where
the judge remanded him to police custody until Aug. 4.

Ansari, a Bombay-based practitioner of traditional medicine, was among five
people picked up for questioning Saturday, investigator K.P. Raghuvanshi told
reporters.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Craven gets federal disaster designation; farmers eligible for loans

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


Oct. 22--Craven County is one of 19 counties in North Carolina named disaster
areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of damages and losses caused
by the excessive rain and flooding from Sept. 22 through Oct. 4.

The USDA made the announcement Wednesday. The designations makes qualified farm
operators in Craven and the other 18 counties eligible for low interest
emergency loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Farmers who qualify have eight months to apply for loans to help cover part of
their actual losses. FSA will consider the applications on it own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Tom Vilsack, U.S. agriculture secretary, said USDA was there for the farmers,
ranchers and their communities.

"Our hearts go out to those North Carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," he said. "President Obama and I are committed to
ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our nation's economy by
sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and rural communities
through these difficult times. We're also telling North Carolina producers that
USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and natural
disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Other counties designated disaster areas are: Alleghany, Columbus, Hyde,
Sampson, Ashe, Jones, Tyrrell, Beaufort, Dare, Martin, Washington, Brunswick,
Duplin, Onslow, Wilkes, Carteret, Edgecombe and Pender.

The named counties include locations in both eastern and western North Carolina.

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties are also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous: Alexander, Currituck,
Nash, Robeson, Bertie, Halifax, New Hanover, Surry, Bladen, Harnett, Pamlico,
Watauga, Caldwell, Iredell, Pasquotank, Wayne, Camden, Johnston, Perquimans,
Wilson, Chowan, Lenoir, Pitt, Yadkin and Cumberland.

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151022-NS-Craven-gets-federal-disaster-designation-farmers-eligible-for-loans
-1022-20151022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 18, 1987, Wednesday, Final Edition

Farm Fight

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A20

LENGTH: 487 words


FOR 50 YEARS the Farmers Home Administration has been making ownership and
operating loans to worthy family farmers who, for one reason or another -- just
starting out, skin the wrong color, a patch of bad luck -- have not been able to
get commercial credit. As a government lender of last resort, the FmHA has been
partly bank but also partly social agency.

Now a sharp fight has developed over the balance between these roles. The
administration, on grounds that lax standards have led FmHA to make billions of
dollars in bad loans, has proposed new eligibility rules that critics say are
indistinguishable from those used by most banks and would screen out more than
half the current FmHA borrowers. At a Senate hearing last week, the
administration was accused of cuffing aside the law and trying to shut down by
fiat an agency that it has never liked but whose purposes Congress has
consistently upheld.

It is not a minor dispute. FmHA, though little known outside its own subculture,
has become enormous. It has built up a portfolio of $ 70 billion in outstanding
loans, mostly for rural housing and public works, but $ 28 billion for
agriculture. As recently as 1976 this farm loan total was only $ 5 billion.
Nearly half the current farm loans are delinquent, many seriously so. Sooner or
later the government will have to write a lot of these loans off, just as it
will also have to bail out the Farm Credit System and doubtless rescue a number
of other farm credit institutions before the agricultural economy turns up
again.

These likely losses are one of the reasons the administration gives for wanting
to tighten up at FmHA. But it is important to recognize how the agency's weak
portfolio developed. In the 1970s, Congress greatly expanded FmHA's traditional
mission. It liberalized the terms on which the agency was authorized to make
natural disaster loans, then authorized "economic emergency" loans as well to a
wide range of farmers. In those heady days, these expanded programs (both of
which have since been curbed) seemed to represent not just good politics but
reasonable economic risks. Now they account for nearly half the FmHA portfolio
and two-thirds of its bad loans. They are the main problem, yet they are being
used also to tar the traditional program, in which the results have not been as
bad.

The traditional program has had to bear an unusual burden in the prolonged
agricultural downturn of the last several years. That is why last-resort loans
are up. The issues are not all the simple tales of good and evil that some farm
-state orators make them out to be. Not all loans do deserve to be made; it may
well be that the program needs some tightening, that it is carrying some farmers
beyond the point even of mercy. But the administration seems to be trying less
to reform this useful social program than to dismantle it. Whatever the farm
economy needs, it's not that.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

Flood-affected companies offered help from banks

BYLINE: Perry Gourley

LENGTH: 415  words


Flood-hit businesses are being offered help from banks to ease financial
pressures on them caused by the disruption.

Customers of Lloyds, Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) and NatWest
in southern Scotland and the north-west of England can benefit from a package of
measures such as increased overdraft limits and the waiving of loan arrangement
fees.

The Prince's Countryside Fund, founded by the Prince of Wales, has also released
£40,000 of emergency cash to help rural communities, farmers and businesses. It
will work alongside the Prince's Business Emergency Resilience Group - an
initiative of Scottish Business in the Community and Business in the Community -
to support those affected by the flooding.

£30,000 will be donated to the Farming Help Charities, which will benefit
Scottish farmers, while the Cumbria Community Foundation will receive the
remaining £10,000.

Director Claire Saunders said: "The full impact of the floods has yet to be
realised, but many farms have lost livestock drowned in the flood waters, or
been affected by landslips, while feed and equipment has been lost. The repairs
to bridges, roads and dry stone walls will be an enormous job.

"This is a catastrophic blow to rural businesses which are already hard pressed.
Many will be relying on Christmas trade to turn a profit and we need to act
swiftly to help them get back on track. We're urging farms and rural businesses
in trouble in Scotland to ask for help and contact the Farming Help Charities
for advice and assistance."

Lloyds Banking Group said it has set up a £100 million fund to waive arrangement
fees on lending for businesses and farmers to help ease cashflow concerns.
Customers of RBS/NatWest are also being offered fee-free loans to replace
damaged equipment.

Jen Tippin, managing director of Lloyds' retail business banking arm, said:
"Small businesses don't normally have the cash reserves that larger businesses
do, so any interruption to their cashflow can have a significant impact on their
ability to survive."

Les Matheson, chief executive of personal and business banking at RBS and
NatWest, said: "We want to help the people and business owners affected by the
recent flooding by making banking the least of their worries.

"We would urge our affected customers to get in touch with us to discuss how we
can help them get back on their feet."

o Top RBS lawyer John Collins, who joined the bank as group general counsel in
January, has resigned to join Santander next year.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 21, 1984 Saturday

$86 million shortfall feared   Farm Credit Corp. posts record $13 million loss

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 440 words


By  KEVIN COX
 The federal Farm Credit Corp. lost a record $13-million last year lending
 money to financially troubled farmers.

And the corporation estimates it will lose as much as $86-million on
 the $5-billion in farm loans it now has, because many farmers will not be
 able to stay in business with low commodity prices, high interest rates
 and declining land values.

Some of the financial difficulty of the Crown corporation came from
 farmers who got emergency low-interest loans to keep their farms going two
 or three years ago, but have since lost their farms, FCC chairman Eliv
 (Sonny) Anderson said in an interview yesterday.

The Crown corporation also ended the year owning 130 farms across
 Canada after taking over the enterprises during the fiscal year ended
 March 31, as farmers were unable to make payments or get money to carry on
 their operations.

The FCC had 91 farms on its hands at the end of the 1983 fiscal year
 and lost $8-million.

Mr. Anderson said that unless the Government agrees to subsidize the
 corporation's losses it will have to increase its interest rates. Farm
 groups have complained that the current rate of 14 per cent for new loans
 at FCC is too high.

Mr. Anderson said the corporation has tried to do everything possible
 to keep farmers in business, but a combination of low commodity prices,
 falling land values and high interest rates on farm operating loans has
 made it impossible for the corporation to keep some farmers going.

The high number of FCC foreclosures has angered some farm groups and
 the head of the Canadian Farmers Survival Association, Alan Wilford, said
 in a recent interview he is taking court action to block the FCC from
 seizing farms.

He said the FCC should negotiate with farmers and try to keep them on
 the land. But Mr. Anderson said the depressed farm economy has led to
 situations where banks have refused to give operating credit to farmers
 and some producers have simply walked away from their farms, leaving them
 for the FCC to dispose of.

The FCC offers mortgages and long-term loans to farmers who have been
 turned down for money at other financial institutions.
    "We don't like to turn farms over," Mr. Anderson said. "In many cases
 the farmer will just walk away from it if he gets turned down for
 operating credit at the bank. We are dealing with public funds and, as our
 losses increase, they have to be paid by other farmers who borrow money."
    He said the corporation has lost a great deal of money on selling farms
 it has repossessed, because land values in many parts of rural Canada have
 fallen by as much as 50 per cent in recent years because of the poor farm
 economy.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday
                                  Mars Edition

Disaster aid asked for Indiana farmers

BYLINE: Lincoln Wright South Bend Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 456 words


Gov. Mike Pence and Sen. Joe Donnelly are seeking a disaster declaration to help
farmers whose crops have been damaged from the summer's high rain levels.

In a letter sent earlier this week to Tom Vilsack, secretary for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, the governor requested the secretarial declaration
for 53 of Indiana's 92 counties.

St. Joseph, Marshall, LaPorte, Kosciusko and Starke counties are all on that
list.

"Recent and unprecedented heavy rainfall across our state has had a significant
impact on the yield of Indiana crops and our Hoosier farmers," Pence said in a
statement. "As promised, our administration has been closely monitoring this
situation and, in coordination with the Indiana Farm Service Agency, has
determined federal emergency loan assistance is both prudent and warranted."

In 50 counties, reported crop damage and losses have met or exceeded 30 percent
of a crop, and three counties have experienced a significant amount of damages
and losses to multiple crops, according to a news release. Under a disaster
designation, low-interest emergency loans will be made available to all
producers suffering losses in that county, as well as in counties contiguous to
a disaster-designated county.

The National Weather Service reports rains set a statewide June rainfall record
with a state average of 8.99 inches. The previous record was 8.13 inches set in
June 1958.

Friday, U.S. Sen. Donnelly, a Democrat from Granger, backed up Pence with his
own letter to the USDA secretary. Donnelly, who serves on the Senate Agriculture
Committee, wrote that the high rain levels have caused irreparable damage to
crops and have left many fields unplantable.

"Thousands of farmers in Indiana are going to experience significant financial
losses this year and this will be a particularly difficult time for young and
limited resource farmers," Donnelly's letter read. "I would appreciate your
immediate and favorable consideration of a disaster declaration for these
counties so that resources can be made available to help deal with these crops
losses."

Hoosier farmers are encouraged to continue to submit crop damage reports to
their county Farm Service Agency offices as the disaster event is ongoing and
continued monitoring is necessary to determine if additional counties should be
added to the declaration request.

Lt. Gov. Sue Ellspermann, secretary of agriculture in Indiana, and Julia A.
Wickard, Indiana FSA state executive director, also signed Pence's letter to
show their support.

"It is important this request is a joint effort by the state and federal
government, and I appreciate the working relationship we have in the State of
Indiana," Wickard said in a statement.

lwright@SBTinfo.com

574-235-6324

@LWrightSBT

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Charles will host talks on farm hardship

BYLINE: Ben Webster

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 283 words


Farmers are falling victim to loan sharks because low crop prices are causing
the greatest hardship in the industry since the foot-andmouth outbreak 15 years
ago, the Prince of Wales will be told at an emergency agriculture summit today.

The prince has convened the meeting in Derbyshire because he is "extremely
concerned about the state of British farming and the vulnerability of smaller
farms in particular", a royal source said.

Representatives of major banks will attend and be asked to ease restrictions on
borrowing to help farmers to avoid using loan sharks.

Lord Curry of Kirkharle, a trustee of the Prince's Countryside Fund, will chair
the talks, which will be attended by George Eustice, the farming minister,
industry leaders and three charities which support struggling farmers.

Lord Curry said: "The Prince has a very keen in interest in the plight of family
farms and the financial pressures they are under because of very low commodity
prices. It is almost unparalleled that we have had all commodity prices very
depressed at the same time."

He said that there was growing evidence that farmers were turning to loan sharks
and one had lost his farm after being unable to pay exorbitant interest rates.
"They are getting themselves into deeper financial trouble by, in sheer
desperation, approaching unscrupulous lenders," he said He added: "It costs £120
to £130 to grow a tonne of grain and prices have been about £100 a tonne, so
even though we have had a bountiful harvest, farmers are not covering their
costs.

"The banks need to support businesses wherever they can and to work in
conjunction with the agricultural charities and the Prince of Wales will be
encouraging them to do that."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 14, 1997

Hazard Areas Require Coverage

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Flood Services; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: Philadelphia


Cigna Flood Services executive vice president Kevin Leonard says lenders should
check to see whether properties in special flood hazard areas are located in
communities that are participating in the National Flood Insurance Program.  Mr.
Leonard said several facts provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
Washington, illustrate the risks a lender takes on real estate without coverage
and costs needed to obtain it through NFIP - an insurance program for
flood-prone areas.

* Flood insurance available under NFIP's regular program includes $ 250,000 of
coverage for single-family buildings and other residential structures; and $
500,000 for nonresidential.

* The NFIP's regular program insurance covers $ 100,000 of the contents of
residential structures and $ 500,000 of nonresidential structures.

* People in flood plains are 27 times more likely to have a flood during their
30-year mortgage than to have a fire.

* In low- to moderate-risk areas, coverage is available for as little as $ 85
per year through NFIP.

* The average premium in high-risk areas is about $ 300 per year.

* Primary residences insured for 80% of their value, or the maximum amounts
available, get replacement cost coverage.

* There is a 30-day waiting period from the time a policy is purchased until
coverage takes effect, except under certain conditions.

* Flood insurance is required by law to get Federally secured financing to buy,
refinance, build, repair, reconstruct, or improve structures in special flood
hazard areas of a participating community.

* Federal grants, FHA and VA loans all require flood insurance if the properties
are in special flood hazard areas.

* Federally regulated lending institutions must also provide flood insurance on
second mortgages, home equity loans, home improvement loans, construction loans,
commercial loans and farm credit loans.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 221 words


>Farm Service Agency offers disaster loan assistance

JAMESTOWN -- The weather took its toll on farmers in Erie and Cattaraugus
counties this year. To help them out, the federal Farm Service Agency is
offering disaster loan assistance for losses caused by drought, flooding or hail
since May 1.

Interest rate on emergency loans is 3.75 percent, and the maximum loan is
$500,000. To be eligible, farmers must be unable to get credit from private
commercial lenders and must submit documented records of their losses.

Applications will be accepted until next July 1. For information, call the FSA
office in Jamestown at 664-2351.

-----

>Mickey Mouse celebration here has been postponed

Attention, Mickey Mouse fans.

You won't be able to spend a day this weekend with the lovable cartoon imp,
after all. "The Celebration of Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse," originally scheduled
for Saturday, has been postponed until early next year.

Shea's Performing Arts Center and the Buffalo International Film Festival said
unforeseen circumstances forced the postponement. A new date will be scheduled
soon, organizers promised.

The celebration, which includes films on their original 35 mm studio prints and
the first screening of "Fantasia" in Buffalo since 1990, highlights the
contributions of Buffalonians Ralph Kent and Pat Powell to the Disney legend.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 24, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

No Bailout For Farmers, Reagan Says

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair and Kathy Sawyer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 944 words


President Reagan yesterday stiffened his stance against additional emergency aid
to farmers, warning them and their banks that they should not expect the
taxpayers to bail them out.

At his news conference Thursday, Reagan offered no increase in his proposal of
$650 million in loans and loan guarantees for farmers, but nevertheless voiced
sympathy for their plight.

Yesterday, while again expressing sympathy, he used harsher language in
rejecting pleas for more assistance, saying that "taxpayers cannot be asked to
bail out every farmer hopelessly in debt . . . or be asked to bail out the banks
who also bet on higher inflation. We have already extended a tremendous amount
of assistance. It's time for others to pitch in and do more."

Reagan's weekly radio address came as the nation's breadbasket was dispatching
its forces eastward in what is expected to be an extraordinary display of
pressure on the federal government this week.

The 105-member South Dakata state legislature is to be among the Grain Belt
legislators, governors and farmers lobbying for federal aid to shore up farmers
and rural communities caught in the credit crisis that threatens to bankrupt
thousands of farmers this spring.

Friday is when many farmers will be told whether their loans will be renewed for
this year.

Yesterday Reagan said that two-thirds of American farmers have no debt problems
and that only a fraction of the rest are in "severe financial distress."

His emergency aid program will help the neediest farmers in the current crunch,
he said.

He also defended the longer-range restructuring of farm programs he sent to
Congress Friday, saying it is time to begin "working our way back to a
free-market economy" in which the farmers will have "less dependence on
politicians to supply their incomes." The government's "inflexible" farm
programs have "weakened incentives for self-reliance" and "sent false signals to
the market," he said.

The administration's five-year plan to phase out farm supports would mean
"government will stop purchasing commodities, stop trying to manipulate supply
and demand, refrain from quick-fixes and extravagant new farm legislation and
move aggressively to expand markets for American farm products," Reagan said in
the broadcast from his Camp David, Md., retreat. He added, "The time is now for
a fresh start for American agriculture."

This week's massive lobbying effort began a few weeks ago as a gleam in the eye
of state Sen. Tom Vickers, a Nebraska farmer and rancher.

After his call for legislative delegations to come to Washington, 15 states
agreed to send elected representatives to lobby.

South Dakotans reacted so eagerly to Vickers' call that they decided to send the
entire legislature and help finance their trip with a public-subscription
"give-a-buck" campaign.

Vickers said Friday that the delegation's intention is to impress on official
Washington the need for quick credit assistance -- more than the White House has
offered -- and to make proposals for longer-term farm policy that might put
agriculture on a more stable footing.

The state delegates have arranged a Monday meeting with Vice President Bush but
say they still are hoping to meet with Reagan.

"We already know what [Agriculture Secretary] John Block thinks. He has decided
he wants to be the last secretary of agriculture. We know what [budget director]
David Stockman thinks about agriculture, and even his mother doesn't agree. We
hope to get eyeball to eyeball with the president . . . . We're afraid that
watching 'The Beverly Hillbillies' and 'Hee Haw' tells him all he wants to know
about rural life," Vickers said.

The state legislators' appearance here, however, is just one portion of a
massive campaign to pressure Congress and the administration to deal more
forcefully with credit needs, farm policy and rural development.

Agricultural issues will figure heavily on the agenda of the winter meeting of
the National Governors' Association, which began yesterday. Another farm policy
conference, sponsored by the Monsanto Co., will bring together several hundred
state officials, members of Congress and farm leaders to discuss farm
legislation.

Meanwhile, more than 200 farm and rural community organizations Tuesday are to
hold a news conference, headed by former agriculture secretary Bob Bergland, to
criticize the administration's fiscal 1986 budget proposals that would cut rural
programs severely.

Bergland, executive vice president of the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association, also has scheduled another news conference Tuesday to outline farm
policy proposals of the Center for National Policy, a Democratic-oriented
public-interest group.

Congress, for its part, has scheduled at least four hearings this week to hear
testimony from the visiting state legislators and farmers.

And a credit package adopted last week by the House Agriculture Committee,
adding more money to the Reagan administration's debt-restructuring program, is
to move to the floor for a final vote, with easy passage expected.

The filibustering farm-state senators who delayed the confirmation vote on the
nomination of Edwin Meese III as attorney general indicated that they may
attempt to force a Senate vote on the House credit bill. They propose to attach
it as an amendment to an appropriations measure that provides $1 billion in
famine relief for Africa and $1 billion more for U.S. farm loan guarantees.

Waiting in the wings, with a weeklong lobbying campaign scheduled to begin March
4, is the American Agriculture Movement, which sponsored the 1979 tractorcade to
protest declining farm prices.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 24, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

No Bailout For Farmers, Reagan Says

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair and Kathy Sawyer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 944 words


President Reagan yesterday stiffened his stance against additional emergency aid
to farmers, warning them and their banks that they should not expect the
taxpayers to bail them out.

At his news conference Thursday, Reagan offered no increase in his proposal of
$650 million in loans and loan guarantees for farmers, but nevertheless voiced
sympathy for their plight.

Yesterday, while again expressing sympathy, he used harsher language in
rejecting pleas for more assistance, saying that "taxpayers cannot be asked to
bail out every farmer hopelessly in debt . . . or be asked to bail out the banks
who also bet on higher inflation. We have already extended a tremendous amount
of assistance. It's time for others to pitch in and do more."

Reagan's weekly radio address came as the nation's breadbasket was dispatching
its forces eastward in what is expected to be an extraordinary display of
pressure on the federal government this week.

The 105-member South Dakata state legislature is to be among the Grain Belt
legislators, governors and farmers lobbying for federal aid to shore up farmers
and rural communities caught in the credit crisis that threatens to bankrupt
thousands of farmers this spring.

Friday is when many farmers will be told whether their loans will be renewed for
this year.

Yesterday Reagan said that two-thirds of American farmers have no debt problems
and that only a fraction of the rest are in "severe financial distress."

His emergency aid program will help the neediest farmers in the current crunch,
he said.

He also defended the longer-range restructuring of farm programs he sent to
Congress Friday, saying it is time to begin "working our way back to a
free-market economy" in which the farmers will have "less dependence on
politicians to supply their incomes." The government's "inflexible" farm
programs have "weakened incentives for self-reliance" and "sent false signals to
the market," he said.

The administration's five-year plan to phase out farm supports would mean
"government will stop purchasing commodities, stop trying to manipulate supply
and demand, refrain from quick-fixes and extravagant new farm legislation and
move aggressively to expand markets for American farm products," Reagan said in
the broadcast from his Camp David, Md., retreat. He added, "The time is now for
a fresh start for American agriculture."

This week's massive lobbying effort began a few weeks ago as a gleam in the eye
of state Sen. Tom Vickers, a Nebraska farmer and rancher.

After his call for legislative delegations to come to Washington, 15 states
agreed to send elected representatives to lobby.

South Dakotans reacted so eagerly to Vickers' call that they decided to send the
entire legislature and help finance their trip with a public-subscription
"give-a-buck" campaign.

Vickers said Friday that the delegation's intention is to impress on official
Washington the need for quick credit assistance -- more than the White House has
offered -- and to make proposals for longer-term farm policy that might put
agriculture on a more stable footing.

The state delegates have arranged a Monday meeting with Vice President Bush but
say they still are hoping to meet with Reagan.

"We already know what [Agriculture Secretary] John Block thinks. He has decided
he wants to be the last secretary of agriculture. We know what [budget director]
David Stockman thinks about agriculture, and even his mother doesn't agree. We
hope to get eyeball to eyeball with the president . . . . We're afraid that
watching 'The Beverly Hillbillies' and 'Hee Haw' tells him all he wants to know
about rural life," Vickers said.

The state legislators' appearance here, however, is just one portion of a
massive campaign to pressure Congress and the administration to deal more
forcefully with credit needs, farm policy and rural development.

Agricultural issues will figure heavily on the agenda of the winter meeting of
the National Governors' Association, which began yesterday. Another farm policy
conference, sponsored by the Monsanto Co., will bring together several hundred
state officials, members of Congress and farm leaders to discuss farm
legislation.

Meanwhile, more than 200 farm and rural community organizations Tuesday are to
hold a news conference, headed by former agriculture secretary Bob Bergland, to
criticize the administration's fiscal 1986 budget proposals that would cut rural
programs severely.

Bergland, executive vice president of the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association, also has scheduled another news conference Tuesday to outline farm
policy proposals of the Center for National Policy, a Democratic-oriented
public-interest group.

Congress, for its part, has scheduled at least four hearings this week to hear
testimony from the visiting state legislators and farmers.

And a credit package adopted last week by the House Agriculture Committee,
adding more money to the Reagan administration's debt-restructuring program, is
to move to the floor for a final vote, with easy passage expected.

The filibustering farm-state senators who delayed the confirmation vote on the
nomination of Edwin Meese III as attorney general indicated that they may
attempt to force a Senate vote on the House credit bill. They propose to attach
it as an amendment to an appropriations measure that provides $1 billion in
famine relief for Africa and $1 billion more for U.S. farm loan guarantees.

Waiting in the wings, with a weeklong lobbying campaign scheduled to begin March
4, is the American Agriculture Movement, which sponsored the 1979 tractorcade to
protest declining farm prices.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 2, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

21 Md. Counties Called Disaster Areas;
Local Officials Complain That Federal Declaration Won't Help Many Farmers

BYLINE: By Zita Arocha, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 618 words


Federal agricultural officials, seeking to ease the financial strain for
Maryland farmers whose crops are languishing in the months-long drought, have
declared most of the state a disaster area, but local officials said the
emergency programs would not benefit the majority of farmers.

In his announcement Thursday, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Richard Lyng said
the emergency designation for 21 of Maryland's 23 counties would entitle farmers
there to apply for low-interest government loans. The affected counties include
Montgomery, Prince George's, Howard, Anne Arundel and those in southern
Maryland.

Local farm officials said, however, that the program would aid only those
farmers who already were in financial difficulty and cannot secure private
loans.

Lyng also announced federal programs yesterday to help farmers across the nation
buy grain and feed at government-subsidized reduced prices and another program
to increase by 10 percent federal funds for farmers who are in financial
difficulty.

On Tuesday, Lyng declared 17 Virginia counties disaster areas, and the state has
requested federal assistance for 34 other counties. Virginia officials have
estimated crop losses in the hard-hit counties, including Loudoun and Prince
William, at $200 million.

A county is declared a disaster area if at least 30 percent of crop production
is lost.

Maryland officials predict the drought, now in its seventh month and the worst
in the Southeast in 100 years, will reduce crop production statewide by 50
percent and will leave at least one-third of the state's 18,000 farmers in
serious financial trouble.

The U.S. Geological Survey said yesterday that some stream flows in Maryland and
Virginia have set record lows during July. The flow of the Potomac River near
Washington averaged 1.7 billion gallons a day, about 34 percent below the July
average, according to survey officials.

Last month also marked the seventh consecutive month that stream flows in
Virginia were below normal, survey officials said. The James River flow at
Cartersville, Va., was 35 percent below the July average and the Nottoway River
near Sebrell, Va., was 80 percent below average.

Under the disaster emergency program now in effect in most of Maryland and the
17 counties in Virginia, a financially stricken farmer can borrow up to $100,000
at 5 percent and an additional $500,000 at 8 percent.

"It sounds a whole lot better than it may be in reality," said Jack Matthews, a
spokesman for the Maryland Farm Bureau.

Matthews, whose organization represents 14,400 farmers, said the federal offer
of disaster aid will benefit only farmers who are already in financial trouble
because of a federal regulation that requires them to be turned down by at least
one commercial lender before being eligible for a 5 percent loan from the
Farmer's Home Administration.

Most farmers will have to borrow money at significantly higher interest rates
from commercial lenders, Matthews said.

Bob Walker, executive assistant to Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Wayne
Cawley, said some farmers will benefit from the low-interest government loans.

"I don't want to generalize, but there are some farmers out there who are in a
desperate way," he said.

Some farmers are making ends meet.

Pat and Conrad Langenfelder grow corn and soy beans on about 1,100 acres of
farmland in Howard County. Pat Langenfelder said they have enough savings in the
bank to pay back the loans they took out this year to plant their crops, but she
fears another year like this one could financially ruin them because by then
their savings would be gone.

"I feel we'll be able to weather the storm," she said. "But it's going to hurt."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Conrad and Pat Langenfilder examine stunted corn crop at
Howard County farm. BY JAMES M. THRESHER -- THE WASHINGTON POST

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: FSA taking federal assistance applications

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 235 words


Jan. 24--On Jan. 9, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
declared a natural disaster in North Carolina based on losses caused by
tornadoes that occurred April 16. As a result of this natural disaster, North
Carolina counties were declared eligible for Federal disaster assistance,
including Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency (EM) loans for eligible family
farmers. Those primary disaster counties are: Cumberland and Johnston.

In addition to those two primary disaster counties, additional North Carolina
counties are named as contiguous counties where eligible family farmers may
qualify for FSA EM loan assistance, in accordance with Section 321(a) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. Those counties are: Bladen, Hoke,
Nash, Sampson, Wayne, Harnett, Moore, Robeson, Wake and Wilson.

Debbie W. Houston, farm loan manager, said that effective Jan. 9, farmers in
Wilson County may apply for EM loans for physical and production losses.
September 10 is the deadline for filing an application. The local office is
located at 1806 Goldsboro St., Wilson and has office hours of 8 a.m. to 4:30
p.m. Houston said that any farmer who suffered a physical and/or production loss
should contact her office for additional information.

___ (c)2012 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120124-ZW-BRF-FSA-taking-federal-assistance-applications-0124-20120124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2012 The Wilson Daily Times


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 7, 1999, Friday

Senators weigh $4.3 billion aid package for farmers

BYLINE: BY JANELLE CARTER

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 523 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Senators anxious to help farmers through their financial crisis are weighing
whether to add $4.3 billion in emergency aid to a supplemental package moving
through Congress.

Lawmakers said after an hour-long meeting Wednesday that while there is
consensus that action is needed to deal with the low prices plaguing the farm
economy, there are concerns about putting additional money in a supplemental
spending bill that has already been delayed for several months.

""Something has got to be done this year,'' said Sen. Charles Grassley, R- Iowa,
one of 14 senators who met privately for more than an hour. ""I think there is a
consensus on that.''

""The question is timing and how much,'' said Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho. "" The
feeling is this could be bad timing unless this is the only train leaving the
station.''

Added Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., ""This may be the only bite at the apple. There
may only be one supplemental this year.''

The money, if the group is successful, would be included with $152 million for
farm loans already moving through Congress. That money is attached to an overall
supplemental package, which also contains money for Central American disaster
victims.

Lawmakers have also indicated they will add about $9 billion to the package to
fund the U.S. involvement in Kosovo.

All of the money would come out of this year's $111 billion surplus, which many
lawmakers have pushed to save for Social Security.

The proposal being considered for farmers has $1.5 billion to make up for a
shortfall in last year's disaster package and $2.8 billion in additional market
transition payments to compensate for low prices.

""It's the quickest way of getting funds out there,'' Sen. Tom Harkin, D- Iowa,
said of the market transition payments.

Farmers already get the payments each year as part of the 1996 farm law.

The money being discussed by senators would amount to about a 50 percent
increase in the annual payment to farmers.

Last year's emergency package also included $2.8 billion in market transition
payments, as well as $2.3 billion in disaster aid.

The market payments were disbursed not long after the bill was passed last fall,
but Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has complained about the burdensome
process required to distribute the disaster payments. Because of the problems,
the disaster payments are not expected to be delivered to farmers until June.

Adding to the problem, lawmakers said Wednesday the USDA told them recently that
an additional $1.5 billion is needed to accommodate the large numbers of
eligible farmers who signed up for disaster aid. Sign-up was only completed last
month.

""Those people are not going to get what they thought they were going to get,
because there's not sufficient money,'' Sen. Conrad said.

The supplemental process has already been contentious and it is unclear whether
House budgeters would be receptive to the Senate idea.

The farm loan money has been on hold since March while lawmakers fought over
offsets. Mr. Glickman has said that many state farm offices are already out of
money to authorize loans for farmers.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                  May 24, 2013

NNFU Welcomes Drought Declaration

BYLINE: Deon Schlechter

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: Windhoek


The Namibian National Farmers Union (NNFU) has wholeheartedly welcomed the
declaration of a nationwide drought emergency by the president.

President Hifikepunye Pohamba's declaration demonstrated the urgency and
severity of the drought and how committed government is to assisting the
affected to ensure no life is lost, according to a statement by the NNFU. While
praising government for its commitment, the executive director of the NNFU,
Oloff Munjanu, said the NNFU is of the opinion that the process was slow and
delayed since the declaration should have been issued long ago.

"Even Kunene and Aminuis, which are severely affected since last year already,
have not received their assistance in time. Farmers who have sold their
livestock do not have proof anymore, as there was no indication of a livestock
subsidy. There is too much focus on human life and not the livelihood of the
people," Munjanu said. He said the N$200 million does not indicate how much goes
into saving people's livelihoods.

"Modalities still need to be worked out and we fear too much will go into food
distribution. NNFU is worried about the fact that drought policy and strategy
have not been implemented since 1997," said Munjanu. "The policy makes provision
for a separate drought fund to be governed independently. We are of the opinion
that drought, which is an ongoing natural phenomenon, should be treated
separately and not be mixed with other natural disasters such as floods and
should not be administered from the OPM (Office of the Prime Minister). Namibia
is a drought-prone country and drought should be treated separately and with
specific attention and funding, that's why it has a policy. There is no food
policy," said Munjanu.

"There should be an annual budget that goes to the Drought Fund as provided for
by the Drought Policy and Strategy to which donors can contribute and farmers
can contribute through a statutory agricultural levy administered by the Meat
Board of Namibia," he suggested.

"Provision of food is not sustainable and it may target those who are not
affected. We consider saving people's livelihoods as more sustainable. The NNFU
calls for the speedy implementation of the Drought Policy and Strategy and the
removal of drought administration from the OPM and to set up the independent
board to govern through the MAWF (agriculture ministry). Other emergencies can
remain with the OPM for now," he said.

"NNFU commends the president for declaring a state of emergency and allocating
funding. Better small than nothing. The NNFU is also appealing to farmers to put
in place drought mitigating strategies on their farms, to assist each other and
also to refrain from any fraud or scam activities," he stressed.

He said the NNFU also calls on AgriBank to exempt loan beneficiaries from paying
interest during the period of drought. The NNFU has also appealed to the
Ministry of Lands and Resettlement to assist farmers with resettlement farms
that have not been occupied, for emergency grazing and water. Or alternatively
such farms could be leased to farmers in need during the drought period, while
water infrastructure on resettlement farms should be rehabilitated.

He appealed to farmers to keep their transaction documents to enable them to
claim the subsidy.

Munjanu also called on farmers not to occupy resettlement farms illegally, but
to follow the right procedures. "The NNFU is aware that some farmers do not want
to sell their cattle, because of the low prices and the inability to restock
after the drought but please, fellow farmers, make sure your calculations are
thorough and take the best decisions in order not to regret them later," said
Munjanu.

"We are appealing for the speedy implementation of drought assistance
modalities. Give us the information so that we can inform our membership," he
further appealed to the government.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, MO

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

FEMA opens tornado relief office at fairgrounds

BYLINE: Matt Bird-Meyer, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Mar. 22--The Federal Emergency Management Agency has a one-stop shop for tornado
disaster relief at the Missouri State Fairgrounds. The Disaster Recovery Center
is inside the Missouri National Guard Armory, near gate No.

6 , along Clarendon Road. The center has representatives from the U.S. Small
Business Administration, Red Cross, Internal Revenue Service, FEMA and the State
Emergency Management Agency. The center is open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday to
Saturday and noon to 6 p.m. Sundays. Keith Rowland, Sedalia-Pettis County
Emergency Management Agency volunteer, is the county liaison with FEMA. He said
it takes 20 to 30 minutes for people to gather information from the center. The
center has telephones for people who have not yet registered with FEMA for
assistance. The number is (800) 621-3362. According to a FEMA flier, people
applying for assistance must provide Social Security numbers, addresses and ZIP
codes for damaged property, directions to the property, and telephone numbers.
The Small Business Administration offers low-interest loans for renters,
homeowners and business owners, excluding farms, who have limited or no
insurance, said Charmagne Husmann, SBA public information officer. She said the
agency offers loans up to $200,000 to repair homes and up to $40,000 for
personal property at 2.875 percent interest. Businesses may get loans up to $1.5
million at 4 percent interest to repair damage and supplement income while they
are closed. Ms. Husmann said businesses have until Dec. 15 to apply for an
"economic injury loan," to supplement their income. May 15 is the deadline for
loan applications for physical damage. Iris Fields, FEMA hazard mitigation
adviser, said she provides information on safe rooms and how to rebuild using
wind- and hail-resistant shingles and other fortifying materials. Darla
Weatherholt, a Red Cross volunteer from Sedalia, said the agency closed its
service center inside the First United Methodist Church Celebration Center and
reopened Sunday at the disaster relief center. Ms. Weatherholt said she
interviews people seeking vouchers for food, clothing, shelter or to buy tarps
for roofs and boards for windows. Those who qualify get a referral letter to
claim the vouchers at the Pettis County chapter office at 112 W. Fourth St. Bob
Nittler, IRS revenue agent, said he provides information to help people
calculate losses. He said people may be able to deduct losses on their 2005 or
2006 tax returns. There is still time to amend completed 2005 returns. The IRS
can also replace lost tax documents, Mr. Nittler said. For more information,
call the agency at (866) 562-5227. mbird-meyer @sedaliademocrat.com

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-SX-0322-FEMA-opens-tornado-relief-office-at-fairgrounds

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                                 Copyright 2006


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                           September 30, 2005 Friday

Two hurricanes cost Louisiana farmers $1.4B

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 421 words


Farm income losses from hurricanes Katrina and Rita now total nearly $1.5
billion.

Dr. Kurt Guidry, an agricultural economist with the LSU AgCenter, said losses
from Hurricane Rita topped $471 million in "lost farm income" to producers, he
said. Added to the $1.01 billion farm cash loss from Hurricane Katrina, the
state's ag producers lost more than 20 percent of the value of all commodities
produced in 2004.

Guidry said the $1.4 billion represents only a loss of farm income, not the loss
of agricultural infrastructure caused by the storms."That number is going to be
high as well," Guidry told members attending the third meeting of the Emergency
Ag Crisis Summit held Thursday at the Louisiana Farm Bureau office in Baton
Rouge.

Loss of agricultural infrastructure such as equipment, farm buildings, machinery
and crop resources could top $500 million, Guidry estimated.Ronnie Anderson,
president of the Louisiana Farm Bureau Federation, said his organization is
working with federal officials to begin crafting a disaster relief program for
farmers.

"Hurricane Rita changed everything we've been working on since Katrina,"
Anderson said. "The (loss) numbers and the needs have changed. We've worked
through the (USDA) Farm Service Agency and (Ag Commissioner) Bob Odom's office,
asking the governor to petition Washington to have the state declared an
agricultural disaster area."

A U.S. Secretary of Agriculture disaster declaration would cut red tape for
producers who already had disaster or emergency federal loans. A presidential
disaster declaration was made for 31 primary and nine contiguous parishes
following Katrina. A similar declaration overlapped some coastal parishes
following Rita.

Disposing of dead animals in the wake of the storms has been a top priority for
the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service. Don Gohmert, state
conservationist, said his agency would assist livestock producers who lost
animals in southwest Louisiana as well."We're working to remove these animals so
it does not create a public health threat," Gohmert said.

Guidry said the majority of the state's "second" rice crop was lost to Rita. He
said of the 58,000 acres of second crop rice hit by the storm, only about 15,000
acres will be recoverable.

Other crop losses provided by Guidry:Forestry: $226 million

Sugar cane: $68 million

Cotton: $38.4 million

Cattle: $33 million

Crawfish: $12.5 million

Rice: $9.3 million

Soybeans: $3.5 million

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 13, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

ISSUE AND DEBATE;
SHOULD SUBSIDIES FOR FARM INTERESTS BE REMOVED FROM THE U.S. BUDGET?

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1391 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 12


With reports of more farm bankruptcies and rural bank failures pouring into
Washington from many parts of the country, President Reagan has presented a
budget for the fiscal year 1986 that includes proposals for revolutionary
changes in America's basic farm policy.

The major proposal calls for gradually eliminating the farm price support system
that has been in effect since 1933 with only slight variations.  Mr. Reagan also
wants to take the Agriculture Department out of the emergency farm loan business
and turn that business over to the commercial banking system.

Almost any action that affects farmers ignites Washington's political and
emotional fires. This is particularly true when Congress and the Administration
acknowledge that many farmers are still mired recession while the rest of the
economy is rapidly recovering.

Thus it was hardly surprising to see tempers flare on Capitol Hill last week as
Congress and the Administration squared off over the farm credit crisis and Mr.
Reagan's proposals. The arguments came down to a basic issue: Should taxpayers
continue to subsidize agriculture?

The Background

For the past 20 years the basic structure of American agriculture has been
changing. Family-owned farms have grown larger and larger, and the total area
under cultivation has been expanded. The costs of operating these spreads have
grown proportionately, and today's farmers are among the country's biggest
individual borrowers.

Although the number of people actually working the land and raising livestock
has steadily declined, the number of people making and selling the advanced
machinery, equipment and supplies these large farmers need has grown just as
rapidly in the last 10 years, even though some well-known manufacturers have
been financially distressed.

In this same period, the volume of American farm exports has soared. So has the
volume of grain, cotton and livestock that farmers can produce, even in years of
adverse weather. This has made American farmers increasingly dependent on
selling half to two-thirds of their grain and cotton abroad. If they cannot,
surpluses quickly pile up, prices fall and their income declines.

To cushion this effect, Congress has followed the Depression-born formula of
controlling production by paying farmers to reduce their plantings; by giving
them subsidies to make up the difference between the market price and their
estimated cost of production, and by lending them money and allowing them to
repay these loans with crops if the market price is not high enough to equal the
cost of the loan.

But acreage reduction payments have failed even to dent the volume of crop
production. Grain, meat and cotton production has also increased steadily in
virtually all parts of the world except Africa. Other agricultural countries
have become more efficient exporters, and with help from the high value of the
dollar, making American products more expensive, they have taken over some of
America's traditional markets.

As farm prices have fallen at home, the amount of Government farm aid has
tripled since the late 1970's, passing $13 billion last year.

In each of the past four years farm profits have shrunk. An increasing number of
farmers, big, small and medium-size, are now dangerously in debt. Some are no
longer able to make payments on these debts and face bankruptcy; others have
overstretched their credit and are having difficulty borrowing enough to operate
this year.

For Continuing Aid

The grounds for continuing to subsidize agriculture and protect it from the
forces of change are both emotional and economic.

Proponents assert that farming is a way of life that exemplifies the best
American qualities of stabililty, hard work and occasional sacrifice in
providing Americans with the best and cheapest food supply in the world.
Agriculture is still this nation's largest industry and its biggest export
earner. If more family farmers fail, aid proponents argue, food production will
fall into the hands of big corporations that will limit the supply and force up
the cost of food. They say that farmers are still the main customers of the
rural suppliers and the small-town merchants. If more farmers fail or sell out,
rural communities will languish.

Senator James Abdnor, Republican of South Dakota, who has many farmers among his
constituents, pleaded for Administration recognition of agriculture's plight.
''I want to alert you to a clear and present danger, an America without
agriculture the way we have always known it,'' he said. ''If we fail with
agriculture, we will have a rural America without economic purpose and an
America without its heritage. The continued failures of our farmers, our rural
bankers, our Main Street merchants will ripple disastrously throughout the
fabric of our national life for generations to come.''

Country bankers in the Middle West, who have seen an increasing number of rural
bank failures in the past year, argue that many banks are holding very risky
farm loans and could fail if borrowers defaulted because of a cutoff of
Government aid. This would devastate the small communities they serve, the
bankers say.

Against Continuing Aid

Those who oppose continuing current farm policies, including Agriculture
Secretary John R. Block, say policies that made sense in the Depression no
longer work. The subsidy and price-support loan system, they say, is propping up
farmers' prices and encouraging overproduction.

Furthermore, opponents argue that the country's agriculture is not monolithic.
Grain and cotton farmers, who are currently in the biggest trouble, are also the
producers that rely most heavily on subsidies. But, as Mr. Block noted last
week, two-thirds of American farmers make money without Government subsidies. He
said the rest must learn to do the same.

''I'm certain American agriculture has a great future,'' Mr. Block said, ''but
only if it is willing to compete for exports at world market prices. We can't do
that if we continue with a farm policy built on false hopes and high dependence
on the Government.''

Opponents of retaining current aid programs concede that the prolonged farm
recession and credit crisis may force out as many as 10 percent of the farmers
in the corn and wheat states, where the problems are the greatest. But they
argue that at least half the country's farmers are free of serious debt and
about 25 percent of the rest can weather the economic storm. They also contend
that no matter what the Government does, the restructing of American farming
will continue, with a certain number of farmers selling out each year as they
have been doing for the past decade.

Opponents of the current system reject contentions that corporate farmers take
over when family farmers fail. They note that 95 percent of American farms are
still owned by farming families, although many of these farms are now so large
that they are, in effect, business enterprises.

As for the rural bankers holding risky farm loans, David A. Stockman, the budget
director, minced few words last week. Mr. Stockman, an architect of the
Administration's farm proposals, told the Senate Banking Committee he could not
understand ''why the taxpayers of this country should have the responsibility to
go in and refinance bad debt that was willingly incurred by consenting adults.''

He was echoed by Mr. Block, who reminded the bankers that in the prosperous
farming days of the late 1970's it was they who were lending farmers money at
high interest rates and encouraging them to expand. The Government did not make
those loans, Mr. Block said, the bankers did, and he argued that the bankers had
the main responsibility for helping in the current situation.

The Outlook

A result of last week's political skirmishing was an easing of Federal
conditions for guarantees on farm loans, essentially expanding the emergency
credit program President Reagan announced last November. But rural bankers and
farm legislators called the arrangement a temporary solution at best. For its
pains, the Administration extracted little, if any, commitment from Congress to
support the President's new farm proposals. At this point, little seems certain
except continued feuding when legislation to carry out Mr. Reagan's proposals is
introduced next week.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 24, 2000

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 503 words


Congressman Plans Summit On Gov't-Sponsored Entities Rep. Richard Baker, R-La.,
chairman of the House Banking Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities and
Government Sponsored Enterprises, and the author of legislation that could
change the government's relationship with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, said he
will hold a summit of interested parties. "The goal is to achieve good public
policy as soon as possible," Baker said. He called on the mortgage companies to
make "specific constructive recommendations" on laws or other issues relating to
them by Aug. 30. Senate Adds Aid To Farms The Senate agreed to add $ 900 million
in emergency aid to an appropriations bill despite complaints it was excessive.
The plan would provide millions for flood damage and other disasters and losses
in livestock and crops. The $ 75.3 billion measure financing food and farm
programs for next year already has more than $ 1 billion in emergency aid.
That's on top of a $ 15 billion farm-bailout bill in May. Gov't Surplus Hits $
56.3 Bil The Treasury said the June surplus compares with a surplus of $ 53.6
billion in June 1999. The surplus was slightly larger than the forecast of $ 55
billion. For the year to date, the surplus is $ 176.6 billion, $ 82.3 billion
higher than in the same period last year. The June surplus included receipts of
$ 214.857 billion of funds, up 7.7% year over year, and spending of $ 158.598
billion, an increase of 8.7% over last June. Year-to-date receipts are up 11.2%,
and spending is up 5.6%. Environmental Costs Rule Considered Uneconomical More
than 40 prominent economists filed a Friend of the Court brief with the Supreme
Court. They asked the justices to overturn a lower court ruling that said the
Environmental Protection Agency does not have to take into account the costs of
regulations when setting standards under the Clean Air Act. The Supreme Court
filing was organized by the American Enterprise Institute-Brookings Joint Center
for Regulatory Studies. U.S. Drilling Targets Gas High crude oil prices may be
blessing North America's oil companies with stellar profits, but fears that oil
prices will soon fall are prompting firms to instead devote their efforts to
search for natural gas. Rigs exploring for gas reached an all-time high of 736
this week, according to Baker Hughes Inc. Of 148 rigs working in the burgeoning
Gulf of Mexico region, 132 rigs are drilling for gas and just 16 for oil.
Landlords Are Less Eager For Internet-Related Tenants As recently as four months
ago, practically anything related to the Internet appealed to commercial
landlords, who even accepted stock options as rent. Since the tech-heavy Nasdaq
cooled, landlords now worry they could be left in the lurch if dot-com companies
bottom out. Now property owners size up a potential Internet business tenant for
a profitable business plan. Some landlords just say no. So some Internet tenants
give up must-have California addresses and shop for space in less-attractive
areas.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 28, 2012

USDA Update

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 504  words


Emergency Grazing The Emergency Grazing for CRP land was extended through
November 30, 2012. However, after Friday September 28th no new requests will be
authorized. Producers may remain on the CRP through November 30th, however be
prudent in your efforts to keep the CRP grass in accordance with NRCS
speci-fications. If you feel there isn't sufficient grass any longer on the CRP
remove the cattle.

CRP and DCP Payments The month of October is always a busy month for FSA. Both
CRP annual payments and 2012 (Direct and Counter Cyclical) DCP final payments
are issued in October and the workload is heavy and quite stressful at times.
Remember, if we are talking to you on the phone about the status of your
payments, that is just delaying the payment to you. We ask that if you haven't
received your CRP or DCP by the third week in October, then please call the
office to find out the status of the payment.

Forms Sent For Signature If we have sent you eligibility forms by mail or by
email to complete, they are required, and must be completed and returned to the
office prior to your payments being issued. We currently have many CCC-902 Farm
Operating Plans for payment eligibility and/or CCC-931 Adjust Gross Income
Certifications that have been sent to producers but have not been received back
in the office. Your payments cannot be completed if these forms have not been
received; therefore, if you have received any correspondence from the office,
respond promptly.

Hispanic and Women Farmers and Ranchers Claims

The Agriculture Secretary announced that Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers
who allege discrimination by the USDA in the past can file claims between
September 24, 2012 and March 25, 2013. The process offers a voluntary
alternative to litigation for each Hispanic or female farmer and rancher who can
prove that USDA denied their applications for loan or loan servicing assistance
for discriminatory reasons between 1981 and 2000. As announced in February 2011,
the voluntary claims process will make available at least $1.33 billion for cash
award and tax relief payments, plus up to $160 million in farm debt relief, to
be eligible for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers. There are no filing
fees to participate in the program. USDA departments will continue reaching out
to potential Hispanic and female claimants around the country to get the word
out to individuals who may be eligible for this program so they have the
opportunity to participate. Call center representatives can be reached at
1-888-508-4429. Claimants must register for a claims package (by calling the
number or visiting the website) and the claims package will be mailed to
claimants. All those interested in learning more or receiving information about
the claims process and claims packages are encouraged attend any meeting in your
communities about the claims process and contact the website or claims telephone
number. Website: www.farmerclaims.gov Phone: 1-888-508-4429 Claims Period:
September 24, 2012-March 25, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Kiowa County Press


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

THE Rural Financial Counselling Service provides free

SECTION: FEATURE NO 1; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 254 words


THE Rural Financial Counselling Service provides free and impartial rural
financial counselling to eligible primary producers and small rural businesses
suffering financial hardship.

Rural financial counsellors connect farmers to information about government
assistance. They are aware of the eligibility criteria and deadlines that apply
and can help those eligible complete application forms for available government
assistance.

For instance, people may be eligible to apply for assistance through the Rural
Assistance Authority such as Drought Concessional Loans, Farm Finance Loans,
Farm Innovation Funds or Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate.

They can also help lodge a Farm Household Allowance claim administered by the
Department of Human Services.

Call now. Your local rural financial counsellor is Julie Roy and appointments
can be made by calling the Manilla office on 6785 0133.

Julie can help people make informed decisions about their financial future.

Rural financial counsellors review and assess a client's financial position,
they can prepare cash flow and business viability reports, work with clients to
create an action plan, help with debt issues and negotiations, and help prepare
for succession planning.

The Rural Financial Counselling Service NSW northern region is administered from
its head office in Casino and has 12 outreach offices across the district.

To find the contact details of your local rural financial counsellor visit
www.rfcsnsw-northernregion.org on the net or refer to the advertisement.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 1, 2012 Saturday

Help available to those who farm erodible land

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 717 words


Sept. 01--People who farm crops in the Mangum area, and in the direction of Mt.
Gilead in the western part Richmond County, are urged to learn about the Highly
Erodible Land Initiative, said Richmond County Farm Service Agency Director Amy
Yaklin.

The Highly Erodible Land Initiative sign-up under the Conservation Reserve
Program (CRP) began on July 23. The purpose of this initiative is to protect up
to 750,000 acres of the nation's most highly erodible croplands. Producers may
enroll at the Richmond County Farm Service Agency office, located at 123
Caroline St., Suite 400, in Rockingham. Enrollment will continue until the
750,000 acre limit has been met.

CRP is a voluntary program designed to help farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers protect their environmentally sensitive land. Through
this Highly Erodible Land Initiative, eligible landowners receive annual rental
payments and cost-share assistance to establish long-term, resource conserving
covers on eligible cropland for a period of 10 years. Croplands with an
erodibility index of 20 or greater are eligible for enrollment.

For more information, producers are encouraged to contact the FSA office or
visit FSA's website at: www.fsa.usda.gov/crp.

Farm safety is important to keep in mind as farmers head into the fields to
harvest. Yaklin said the safety of farmers is one of FSA's priorities.

"We always want our farmers to be safe," said Yaklin. "Especially now that they
are harvesting. One of those tractors can easily tip over on you with a hay
bale. We've had some folks injured and some killed before and we want to avoid
that."

"Flowing grain in a storage bin or gravity-flow wagon is like quicksand, it can
kill quickly. It takes less than five seconds for a person caught in flowing
grain to be trapped,"read the FSA August newsletter. "The mechanical aspects of
grain handling equipment also presents a real danger. Augers, power take offs,
and other moving parts can grab people or clothing."

These hazards, along with pinch points and missing shields, are dangerous enough
for adults; not to mention children.

"It is always advisable to keep children a safe distance from operating farm
equipment," continued the newsletter. "Always use extra caution when backing or
maneuvering farm machinery. Ensure everyone is visibly clear and accounted for
before machinery is engaged. FSA wants all farmers to have a productive crop
year, and that begins with putting safety first."

USDA has streamlined the disaster designation process, lowered emergency loan
rates and created greater CRP flexibility to help farmers and ranchers in
drought-stricken areas across the country.

"If farmers feel they have had a loss due to the drought, they should contact
us," said Yaklin. "Whether it's due to rain or if they have livestock damage. We
don't have a livestock program here, so they should keep good records, it's very
beneficial."

FSA's low-interest emergency loans will help producers recover from losses due
to drought, and other natural disasters. The interest rates have been reduced to
2.25 percent, providing a much-needed resource for producers hoping to recover
from production and physical losses associated with natural disasters.

USDA encourages all farmers and ranchers to contact their crop insurance
companies and local USDA Farm Service Agency Service Centers, as applicable, to
report damages to crops or livestock loss. In addition, USDA reminds livestock
producers to keep thorough records of losses, including additional expenses for
such things as food purchased due to lost supplies.

More information about federal crop insurance may be found at www.rma.usda.gov.
Additional resources to help farmers and ranchers deal with disaster losses may
be found at www.usda.gov/disaster.

The planning for November's Farm-City Week event has begun. Yaklin said the
board met to begin planning this month for the event that will last several days
and will include an appreciation banquet for farmers and a parade.

-- Staff Writer Dawn M. Kurry can be reached at 910-997-3111, ext. 15, or by
email at dkurry@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120901-RU-Help-available-to-those-who-farm-erodible-land-0901-20120901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


         Copyright 2012 Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 31, 2011, Tuesday

Three counties may qualify for farm aid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 95 words


The state of West Virginia said farmers in three border counties may qualify for
emergency loans because of tornados and other severe weather in Ohio, Kentucky
and Virginia.

The Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management said Hancock,
Pendleton and Wayne qualify because they abut counties that have been declared
disaster areas.

The agency said emergency loans are limited to severe physical losses only and
farmers are limited to $500,000 in emergency loans.

The state said the U.S. Department of Agriculture is notifying affected farmers.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

California: Disaster Loans Available to Farmers, Ranchers, and Small Businesses
in El Dorado County

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: County of EL Dorado, The State of California has issued the
followin news release:



    The U.S. Department of Agriculture granted a Secretarial disaster
designation to El Dorado County on February 4, 2015 due to the drought intensity
levels experienced for many weeks in the county.





 Emergency farm loans for up to a maximum of $500,000 are available for both
physical and crop production losses as a direct result of the drought disaster.
The loans are available to farmers and ranchers who conduct family-sized farming
operations.



 Agriculturalists interested in these loans can contact the local Farm Service
Agency (FSA) office in Elk Grove at (916)714-1104.



 In addition, when an agricultural Secretarial disaster designation is granted,
Economic Injury Disaster Loans (EIDLs) of up to $2 million are available through
the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). Businesses primarily engaged in
farming or ranching are not eligible for SBA disaster loans. Some of the
businesses that may qualify for drought disaster EIDLs are small agricultural
cooperatives, nurseries, private nonprofit organizations and other small
businesses that depend on farmers and ranchers or have been directly impacted
from the disaster.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 14, 2011 Monday

Farms in two Maine counties eligible for disaster loans

BYLINE: Judy Long BDN Staff

LENGTH: 124 words


CONCORD, N.H. -- Farms in parts of New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine are eligible
for low-interest loans to cover losses from flooding, hail and heavy rains,
including Tropical Storm Irene, that started on May 1.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture designated eight counties in New Hampshire,
five in Vermont and two in Maine as natural disaster areas on Nov. 9.


The designation means the qualified farmers in those counties are eligible for
emergency loans from U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.


The areas covered are Oxford and York counties in Maine; Belknap, Coos,
Hillsborough, Strafford, Carroll, Grafton, Rockingham and Sullivan counties in
New Hampshire; and Caledonia, Essex, Orange, Windham and Windsor counties in
Vermont.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 16, 1997 Sunday

LENGTH: 756 words


Married doctors now on staff A husband-wife duo of doctors have moved to
Bismarck and have joined local medical facilities. Dr. Kurt Gatz, internist, has
joined Mid Dakota Clinic of Bismarck. Previously, he was medical director of
several hospital departments including the intensive care unit in Havre, Mont.
Dr. Helen Dosch, anesthesiologist, has joined Heart & Lung Clinic.

Farm Credit names officers ü Rod Bachmeier is the new vice president of customer
operations and Robert Wingenbach is the new assistant vice president of
president operations at Farm Credit Services in Mandan.

Bakken attends conference ü Larry Bakken of Stanton recently attended Aid
Association for Lutheran's President Cabinet Conference in Maui, Hawaii. He
qualified for the conference based on his sales and service to AAL members in
1996.

Coleman earns two honors ü John Coleman, special agent for Northwestern Mutual
Life of Bismarck, has been named Disability Income Premium Leader of the Year
for the Patrick K. Gores General Agency, Fargo. He was also named Persistency
Leader for 1996.

Skjonsby named top sales agent ü R.W. Skjonsby has been named sales agent of the
year for 1996 at Castle Insurance's 13th Annual Awards Banquet. He specializes
in employer/employee group health benefits, dental, vision, disability income,
Section 125 and individual medical plans. Doctor talks on forms of abuse ü
Gordon Leingang, D.O., emergency medicine physician with the St. Alexius
Emergency & Trauma Center, recently presented a series of lectures on child
abuse, neglect and child sexual abuse at Ohio University in Dayton.

Klose earns bronze star ü Eloise Klose of the American Family Life Assurance
Company, has qualified for the first level of the bronze star from the company's
star award series.

Chaplain elected to commissionü Rev. Clyde Leimberer, chaplain of the Baptist
Home of Bismarck, was elected to serve on the Life Care Commission at the recent
National Convention of the National Association of Evangelicals in Orlando, Fla.
The ten-member commission is made up of persons who are involved in retirement
and long-term care centers form across America.

Credit union recognizes ü Debra Lee Humann, loan processor; Karen Beckler, loan
clerk; and Lynn Tarter, member services representative, all of Capital Credit
Union in Bismarck, have earned the Advanced Lending Certificate in the Credit
Union Staff Training and Recognition program. Keith Mantz has been named vice
president of League services at the North Dakota Credit Union League and
Affiliates. He was chair of the board of directors for Capital Credit Union in
Bismarck. LeAnn Zimmerman, communications assistant, and Leo Ternes, ProData
system engineer, have joined the North Dakota Credit Union League and
Affiliates.

Hunze joins Bismarck firm ü Jason Hunze has joined Prairie Engineering P.C. as
an electrical engineer. He is a native of Washburn and graduated from North
Dakota State University with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering.

Reim accepts union position ü Cheri Reim has joined the North Dakota Credit
Union League and Affiliates as an operations assistant. A native of Plaza, she
is currently attending Bismarck State College majoring in finance.

Haugen earns promotion ü Barry Haugen, financial and investor relations
specialist for MDU Resources Group Inc. has been promoted to business
development manager for Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. He joined MDU in 1994.

Hatinen accepted ü Kenneth Hatinen of Bismarck recently earned membership in
Lutheran Brotherhood's 1996 Executive Club. He is associated with the
organization's Donald P. Agency in Fargo.

Top producers announced ü Kevin Ressler and Dave Kary of Farmers Union Insurance
of Mandan were in the top five of commercial producers in North Dakota for
January.

Attorney attends tax seminar ü Steven Vogelpohl, a Bismarck attorney, recently
attended the 1997 National Association of Bond Lawyers Tax Law Seminar in
Orlando, Fla. The seminar focused on recent developments in the federal tax law
affecting the tax exemption of interest paid on state and local government
bonds. Vogelpohl's law practice concentrates in the area of municipal bond
counsel services.

Smith qualifies for council ü Irvin A. Smith III, branch manager of the local
office of A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. recently qualified for the president's
council, one of the top sales honors given by the firm. He has been an
investment broker in the Bismarck office for 10 years.

CUTLINE Datz Dosch Skjonsby Klose Hunze Reim Mantz Zimmerman Turnes Leingang

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 16, 1997 Sunday

LENGTH: 756 words


Married doctors now on staff A husband-wife duo of doctors have moved to
Bismarck and have joined local medical facilities. Dr. Kurt Gatz, internist, has
joined Mid Dakota Clinic of Bismarck. Previously, he was medical director of
several hospital departments including the intensive care unit in Havre, Mont.
Dr. Helen Dosch, anesthesiologist, has joined Heart & Lung Clinic.

Farm Credit names officers ü Rod Bachmeier is the new vice president of customer
operations and Robert Wingenbach is the new assistant vice president of
president operations at Farm Credit Services in Mandan.

Bakken attends conference ü Larry Bakken of Stanton recently attended Aid
Association for Lutheran's President Cabinet Conference in Maui, Hawaii. He
qualified for the conference based on his sales and service to AAL members in
1996.

Coleman earns two honors ü John Coleman, special agent for Northwestern Mutual
Life of Bismarck, has been named Disability Income Premium Leader of the Year
for the Patrick K. Gores General Agency, Fargo. He was also named Persistency
Leader for 1996.

Skjonsby named top sales agent ü R.W. Skjonsby has been named sales agent of the
year for 1996 at Castle Insurance's 13th Annual Awards Banquet. He specializes
in employer/employee group health benefits, dental, vision, disability income,
Section 125 and individual medical plans. Doctor talks on forms of abuse ü
Gordon Leingang, D.O., emergency medicine physician with the St. Alexius
Emergency & Trauma Center, recently presented a series of lectures on child
abuse, neglect and child sexual abuse at Ohio University in Dayton.

Klose earns bronze star ü Eloise Klose of the American Family Life Assurance
Company, has qualified for the first level of the bronze star from the company's
star award series.

Chaplain elected to commissionü Rev. Clyde Leimberer, chaplain of the Baptist
Home of Bismarck, was elected to serve on the Life Care Commission at the recent
National Convention of the National Association of Evangelicals in Orlando, Fla.
The ten-member commission is made up of persons who are involved in retirement
and long-term care centers form across America.

Credit union recognizes ü Debra Lee Humann, loan processor; Karen Beckler, loan
clerk; and Lynn Tarter, member services representative, all of Capital Credit
Union in Bismarck, have earned the Advanced Lending Certificate in the Credit
Union Staff Training and Recognition program. Keith Mantz has been named vice
president of League services at the North Dakota Credit Union League and
Affiliates. He was chair of the board of directors for Capital Credit Union in
Bismarck. LeAnn Zimmerman, communications assistant, and Leo Ternes, ProData
system engineer, have joined the North Dakota Credit Union League and
Affiliates.

Hunze joins Bismarck firm ü Jason Hunze has joined Prairie Engineering P.C. as
an electrical engineer. He is a native of Washburn and graduated from North
Dakota State University with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering.

Reim accepts union position ü Cheri Reim has joined the North Dakota Credit
Union League and Affiliates as an operations assistant. A native of Plaza, she
is currently attending Bismarck State College majoring in finance.

Haugen earns promotion ü Barry Haugen, financial and investor relations
specialist for MDU Resources Group Inc. has been promoted to business
development manager for Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. He joined MDU in 1994.

Hatinen accepted ü Kenneth Hatinen of Bismarck recently earned membership in
Lutheran Brotherhood's 1996 Executive Club. He is associated with the
organization's Donald P. Agency in Fargo.

Top producers announced ü Kevin Ressler and Dave Kary of Farmers Union Insurance
of Mandan were in the top five of commercial producers in North Dakota for
January.

Attorney attends tax seminar ü Steven Vogelpohl, a Bismarck attorney, recently
attended the 1997 National Association of Bond Lawyers Tax Law Seminar in
Orlando, Fla. The seminar focused on recent developments in the federal tax law
affecting the tax exemption of interest paid on state and local government
bonds. Vogelpohl's law practice concentrates in the area of municipal bond
counsel services.

Smith qualifies for council ü Irvin A. Smith III, branch manager of the local
office of A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. recently qualified for the president's
council, one of the top sales honors given by the firm. He has been an
investment broker in the Bismarck office for 10 years.

CUTLINE Datz Dosch Skjonsby Klose Hunze Reim Mantz Zimmerman Turnes Leingang

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

USDA helps ranchers weather the drought

BYLINE: Beverly Moseley, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1249 words


Aug. 13--MENDOZA -- It's so dry at Briarpatch Ranch in Caldwell County that
buzzards are drinking out of water troughs.

A 30-acre lake that dried up in October has exposed a barren bottom strewn with
weeds, dry cow patties and empty turtle shells.

About 22 inches of rain has fallen on the ranch since March 2007. The area
normally receives 36 inches of rain annually.

Nick Cole, who manages the family ranch about 30 miles south of Austin, said he
had fed more than 400 head of cattle in 20 of the last 24 months. He's now faced
with culling deeper into his herd.

The drought has ranchers in some of the hardest-hit areas exploring options to
answer a very difficult question: How do I stay in business?

Cole is one of the fortunate ranchers. He has an 800-acre pasture available that
hasn't been grazed since 2007. He'll move his remaining cattle there after
culling.

In an effort to restore the rangelands from which he pulls cattle and to earn a
little money, Cole has decided to put an estimated 1,000 acres into the
Grassland Reserve Program administered by the USDA-Natural Resource Conservation
Service and Farm Service Agency. The program is part of the 2008 farm bill.

"I'm going to roll my dice and pull the animals off of here, enter this into the
program and put my other animals on that other place and use my stock of feed to
feed them out for the term of the program or till it rains over there," Cole
said. "If I run out of graze on that place, we're just going to depopulate.
There's a certain amount of cattle I have to keep."

Cole said that in a worst-case scenario, he'd cull until his herd got as low as
150 head.

"I've got a core group of animals I want to keep and I'm not going to let them
go at just about any cost, whether it drives me into the poorhouse or not," he
said.

Ranchers in counties hardest hit by drought will be given priority consideration
when enrolling in the GRP. It offers two options -- rental agreements and
permanent easements.

Rental agreements are for 10, 15 or 20 years on enrolled land with deferred
grazing. Participants will receive annual payments valued at 75 percent of the
land's grazing value for the duration of the rental agreement.

"They'll work with us on a grazing plan which calls for use exclusion. That
means that they'll remove the livestock from that operation or that portion of
the operation which they pick," said Don Gohmert, Texas' state conservationist
with the NRCS. "They don't have to sell those cattle or sheep or goats. They can
move them to another location. They can move them out of state. They just need
to vacate that premises and allow that forage base to restore."

Along with the financial compensation, participants will receive technical
assistance from NRCS. This can include on-site consultation on range management,
livestock stocking rates and improving the overall condition of the rangeland.

Landowners who choose the permanent easement option will receive payments from
the USDA "based on the fair market value of the property less the grazing
value."

Gohmert explained that the GRP is not a disaster program designed to compensate
ranchers for losses. It's designed to preserve the grasslands.

Texas has received $4.3 million for the GRP program, according to Micky Woodard,
Texas chief of the conservation division of the USDA-Farm Service Agency.

"It's the producer's discretion what would be the most viable for his operation,
and we would use those funds as needed and allocate them to the penny as best we
could," Woodard said.

Ranchers can sign up for the reserve program at an NRCS or FSA office.

Cole plans to enter into a rental agreement. He said the annual payments should
help buy a little feed.

Rainfall index insurance is another option available for ranchers in some Texas
counties reeling from drought. It insures against less-than-optimal rainfall in
126 of Texas' 254 counties.

This insurance, which is part of the USDA's pasture, rangeland and forage pilot
program, can be purchased through private insurance companies.

Marc Shepard, a crop insurance agent with Hargrove Ranch Insurance, explained
that producers in eligible counties can purchase insurance protection against
forage losses based on rainfall indices and measurements. There are two
insurable categories under the rainfall index insurance -- grazing lands and hay
lands.

The program uses factors such as index variables, two-month time-frame
intervals, coverage-area grids and rainfall data from the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration to calculate qualified payments.

"Between 2008 and 2009, approximately 1.7 million more acres were enrolled into
the program in Texas. That's about a 9 percent increase in acreage," Shepard
said.

Last year, almost $70 million in claims were paid to Texas producers in the
program, he added.

Insurance premiums for grazing lands run from about 60 cents to $1.50 per acre.
Premiums for hay lands run about $6 to $10 an acre, he said.

The signup deadline for eligible Texas counties is Nov. 30 for grazing lands and
hay lands insurance for 2010, Shepard said.

The Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program, known as NAP, administered
through the FSA, is similar to an insurance policy on pastures and hay lands,
said John Cowan, a farm loan specialist with the FSA in Bryan.

He said some crops that don't qualify for traditional crop insurance may qualify
under NAP.

Producers can apply for the rainfall insurance and NAP at the same time.
However, they cannot receive compensation under both programs in the same
calendar year, said Juan Garcia, Texas' FSA executive director.

Another 2008 farm bill disaster program that provides cash payments to qualified
participants is the Livestock Indemnity Program. Signup for LIP began in July.

The Livestock Forage Disaster Program and Emergency Assistance for Livestock,
Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program should become available Sept. 9. The
Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payment Program should become available in
November, Garcia said.

Emergency loans at 3.75 percent interest also are available through the FSA.

Cowan explained that loan proceeds used to pay for input costs are usually
repaid within one year, or the typical operating cycle.

"If replacing livestock, purchasing livestock, refinancing debt that's incurred
as a result of a disaster, that can usually go from a five- to seven-year term,"
Cowan said. "We try to offer a little bit more flexible terms from that
[disaster] standpoint."

Ranchers and landowners should consult with their local NRCS or FSA office on
each program's guidelines, eligibility qualifications, regulations and
application processes.

"Obviously, some of the FSA programs where it is compensation for losses like
the livestock feed program and the disaster programs that they're available for
participation, there's no cost. There's no repayment of that money. So
obviously, that's a good benefit to them. In the alternative, the emergency
loans cover some of the losses they have, and that money does have to be
repaid," Cowan said. "I think they need to look at where they're getting the
bang for the buck."

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090813-EG-USDA-helps-ranchers-weather-the-drought-0813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2009 The Eagle


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 17, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Fern growers want grants, not loans

BYLINE: JOE CREWS - BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: PIERSON


PIERSON Im from the government and Im here to help was more than a punch line
Thursday as local, state and federal officials faced about 350 frustrated
growers and ranchers who wanted information about emergency disaster assistance
after Hurricane Frances decimated their livelihoods. A number of assistance
programs are available but most of that help comes in the form of no-interest or
low-interest loans. Fern grower Michael Cade of Seville said loans werent enough
for people like him who lost everything in the storm and have no income.

Right now, Im looking at getting a job, Cade said. Are we going to get any kind
of financial help, with no strings attached, so we can rebuild? U.S. Department
of Agriculture assistance guidelines give priority to growers of consumable
crops, like citrus and vegetables, and not ferns or lumber . Bill Brown, Central
Florida director for the USDAs Farm Service Agency, said all farmers can be
reimbursed for 75 percent of the costs of cleaning up from the storm. Fern
grower Vann Cade said the meeting left him frustrated and disappointed.

Were afraid of taking out loans because we dont know if well be in business when
the paperwork goes through, the Pierson grower said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Tirso Moreno, general coordinator of the Farm Workers
Association of Florida, Inc., raises his hand Thursday at the Lions Club in
Pierson during a meeting on emergency disaster assistance for agricultural
producers hurt by the hurricanes.News-Journal/ CHRISTINA BURKE

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

FINANCE BRIEFS

SECTION: INVESTOR; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 409  words


Name change

SHAREHOLDERS of rural services and automotive components supplier Futuris
Corporation Ltd have voted to change the company's name to Elders Ltd.

The name change will take effect on April 30.

Futuris chairman Stephen Gerlach told shareholders the new name would better
reflect the company's future focus on the Australian agricultural and primary
industry sector.

The company is in the process of disposing of non-core businesses, using the
proceeds to cut debt.

``The proposal to change the name is one, albeit highly important, element of
this company renewal program being implemented by (chief executive) Malcolm
Jackman, with the backing of the board,'' Mr Gerlach said at a shareholders
meeting in Adelaide yesterday.

Tempting deal

LOW-COST airlines will take market share from the large carriers as travellers
get tempted by bargain fares, Tiger Airways Australia managing director Shelley
Roberts says.

Ms Roberts said cheap travel would stimulate the travel market during the
economic downturn, encourage competition and make domestic travel accessible to
everyone.

``Low fares stimulate demand, with a low-cost base we are able to offer low
fares,'' Ms Roberts said at an address to the American Chamber of Commerce in
Australia yesterday.

``Particularly in these economic times, it's really important to focus on the
cost rather than chase revenue.

``You sell the seat for the lowest possible price and you let the consumer add
on whatever they want.''

Ms Roberts likened Singapore-based budget carrier Tiger Airways to European
low-cost carriers Ryanair and her former employer easyJet, which had overtaken
British Airways in passenger numbers in the past few years.

She said in five years it would be the same David and Goliath story in Australia
with Tiger Airways.

Toyota loan

TOYOTA Motor Corp's financial unit said it had asked for an emergency loan from
a state-backed lender to ride out the financial crisis, with reports putting the
sum at $US2 billion.

Toyota Financial Services, which provides loans to car buyers, is in
consultations with the Japan Bank for International Co-operation (JBIC) but the
size of the loan has not yet been decided, company official Mio Sugito said.

If the loan is realised, it will be JBIC's first to a Japanese automaker

JBIC's main role is to invest in projects in developing countries, but the
government decided as an emergency measure to allow the bank to lend to
companies operating in developed countries.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Loans are available for weather-related crop losses

BYLINE: David Irvine, Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


Dec. 22--Farmers in Vance and Granville counties have a chance to obtain
low-interest loans if they suffered a significant crop loss because of the rain
and flooding that hit the state in late October.

Granville County was one of five counties in North Carolina designated as
natural disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of the
excessive rain and flooding that affected the region.

Greene, Lee, Montgomery and Moore counties were also designated primary disaster
areas.

Fifteen additional North Carolina counties, including Vance County, qualify for
assistance because they are contiguous to affected counties. Farmers and
ranchers in Halifax and Mecklenburg counties in Virginia also qualify for
natural disaster assistance.

Farmers in the designated counties are eligible for low-interest emergency loans
through the USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided they meet eligibility
requirements..

Betty Kornegay, director of the Granville County Farm Service Agency, said
farmers are eligible if they suffered a 30 percent loss in any one crop.

"It affected tobacco tremendously," she said.

Tobacco was late this year, she added, and the rains and flooding came when
farmers were harvesting the crop.

"They will be eligible for low interest loans," she said.

The loan program is intended to help farmers recover part of their actual
losses.

"For farmers that lost yield, it would open up assistance funding for them,"
Paul Westfall, director of the Granville County Cooperative Extension Service
office, said.

Farmers have eight months to apply. Loan applications will be judged on the
basis of the extent of losses, security available and the farmer's ability to
repay the loan.

Loan applications may be picked up at the local Farm Service Agency offices: 518
Lewis St. in Oxford or 853 S. Beckford Drive, Suite B, in Henderson.

Kornegay said staff members are available to provide assistance in completing
the application.

___ (c)2015 Visit at www.hendersondispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151222-HDD-Loans
-are-available-for-weather-related-crop-losses-1222-20151222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDD


                 Copyright 2015 Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Hurricane Matthew: Assistance for North Carolina Families and
Businesses

LENGTH: 1456 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Richard Burr has issued the following news release:



 The following counties have been designated for Individual Assistance by the
President: Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Camden, Chowan, Columbus, Craven,
Cumberland, Currituck, Dare, Duplin, Edgecombe, Gates, Greene, Harnett, Hoke,
Hyde, Johnston, Jones, Lee, Lenoir, Martin, Moore, Nash, Onslow, Pasquotank,
Pender, Pitt, Robeson, Sampson, Tyrrell, Wake, Washington, Wayne, and Wilson..
People living in these counties can register with FEMA to access all federal
assistance programs:





     Apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Constituents may call the registration phone number at 1-800-621-3362;
those who have a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY, should call
1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or Video Relay Service (VRS),
call 1-800-621-3362.



 North Carolina residents who suffered losses and damage as a result of
Hurricane Matthew can get information about disaster assistance at Disaster
Recovery Centers (DRC). Find the locations through the FEMA app or at
http://www.ncdps.gov/disaster-recovery-centers.



 Certain businesses and individuals living in counties with Individual
Assistance designations may qualify for tax filing deadline postponements. For
more information click here or contact the IRS disaster hotline at 866-562-5227.




 Dial 211 for North Carolina's toll-free emergency hotline



 If you need Red Cross assistance, please call 1-800-768-8048.



 For information on how to help those effected by Matthew, click here.



 Additional Information can be found at: www.DisasterAssistance.gov and
https://readync.org/



  Download the FEMA mobile app for disaster resources, weather alerts, and
safety tips. The app provides a customizable checklist of emergency supplies,
maps of open shelters and recovery centers, disaster survival tips, and weather
alerts from the National Weather Service. The app also enables users to receive
push notifications reminding them to take important steps to prepare their homes
and families for disasters.



 Please be aware of SCAMS



     Federal and state workers never ask for, or accept money, and always carry
identification badges.

     There is NO FEE required to apply for or to get disaster assistance from
FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration or the state.

     Scam attempts can be made over the phone, by mail or email, text or in
person.

     Anyone who suspects fraud should call FEMA's Disaster Fraud Hotline at
866-720-5721, or the state's Attorney General fraud hotline.



 Help with SBA Loans



     The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) offers low-interest disaster
loans to help homeowners and renters as well as businesses of all sizes and
private non-profit organizations to cover the cost of replacing lost or
disaster-damaged personal property. These disaster loans cover losses not fully
compensated by insurance or other recoveries and do not duplicate benefits of
other agencies or organizations.



     Contact U.S. Small Business Administration's Disaster Assistance Customer
Service Center by:

         Calling 800-659-2955

         Emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

         Visiting SBA 's website at www.sba.gov/disaster

         Deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals may call 800-877-8339



 North Carolina Assistance Programs



 COMMUNITY RESOURCES TO HELP WITH RECOVERY



     United Way North Carolina 2-1-1:  www.nc211.org/

     Salvation Army: (800) 725-2769

     Catholic Charities of Raleigh: (919) 790-8533

      Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) disaster resources:
(202) 708-1112,TTY: (202) 708-1455 http://portal.hud.gov



 EMPLOYMENT HELP



     Career One Stop:  (877) 872-5627 or TTY (877) 889-5627,
www.careeronestop.org



 FOOD NEEDS



     North Carolina Food Services: (919) 855-4800 or  www.ncdhhs.gov

     Feeding America: www.feedingamerica.org

     Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina: www.foodbankenc.org

     Albemarle Food Bank: www.afoodbank.org

     USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline for food safety: (888) 674-6854



 HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES FOR THOSE IN NEED



     North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services:  (919) 855-4800 or
www.ncdhhs.gov



 HELP FOR LOW-INCOME FAMILIES



     Helping paying bills for low-income families www.needhelppayingbills.com



 HOT LINES FOR EMERGENCY HELP



     If you or someone you know is in immediate danger because of thoughts of
suicide

     Suicide Hotline: (800) 784-2433 or (800) 273-8255 or  www.suicide.org

     The National Domestic Violence hotline: (800)799-7233

     Alcoholics Anonymous: www.aa.org



 FARM SERVICES AVAILABLE



     Farm Service Agency:  (919) 875-4800  www.fsa.usda.gov/state

     The N.C. Cooperative Extension Service: (919) 515-2813, has office in all
100 counties www.ces.ncsu.edu

     FSIS Small Plant Help Desk by phone at (877) 374-7435

     Farmers who have an agricultural emergency can call 1-866-645-9403, and
find additional information at www.ncagr.gov/disaster

     USDA farm loan fact sheet, click here.

     USDA Disaster handout, click here.

     Hurricane Loss Worksheet, click here.



 HOUSING NEEDS



     Housing Assistance www.nchousing.org

     Rural Development

         Multi-Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2050

         Single Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2051



 TRANSPORTATION



     Call 5-1-1 or use the ReadyNC  mobile app for the latest updates on road
closures

     North Carolina Department of Transportation:   www.ncdot.gov

     Department of Motor Vehicles:  (919) 715-7000



 UNEMPLOYMENT ASSISANCE FOR SURVIVORS



     Department of Labor: (866) 487 2365, TTY (877) 889-5627

     North Carolina Division of Employment Security:  (866) 487 2365, TTY (877)
889-5627, www.ncesc.com



 TEAR OUT, CLEANOUT, DEBRIS REMOVAL, MOLD REMEDIATION



     Baptist Men of North Carolina:  (800) 395-5102 ext. 5605
www.baptistsonmission.org

     North Carolina Conference United Methodist Church www.nccumc.org,  (888)
440-9167



 LEGAL AID AVALIABLE FOR SURVIVORS



     The Legal Services Corporation has established a toll-free legal aid
hotline for survivors of Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina. Survivors seeking
legal assistance can call the toll-free helpline at 1-800-662-7407 or go to
http://www.legalaidnc.org/get-help/Pages/hurricane-matthew/default.aspx  for
disaster-related information. The hotline is available weekdays from 9 a.m. to 4
p.m.



 VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES



     www.ncvoad.org



 Locations of North Carolina DRC's and SBA Recovery Centers



 SBA Business Recovery Centers



 Pitt County



 Small Business & Technology Development Center (SBTDC) Regional Service Center



 East Carolina University Willis Building



 300 E. 1st Street



 Greenville, NC   27858



 Days:               Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.



                         Saturdays, 9 a.m. - 1 p.m.



 Closed:            Sundays



 Cumberland County



 Small Business & Technology Development Center at Fayetteville State University




 Small Business and Economics Building, Suite 306, Rooms A & D



 1200 Murchison Road



 Fayetteville, North Carolina 28302



 Days:               Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.



                         Saturdays Starting Oct. 22, 9 a.m. - 1 p.m.



 Closed:            Sundays



 Disaster Recovery Centers



 Hours are 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Sundays until further notice.



 Nash County DRC # 1



 Continuing Education Building



 Nash Community College



 3866 Eastern Ave.



 Rocky Mount, NC  27804





 Greene County DRC # 8



 201 Carolina Drive



 Snow Hill, NC 28580



  Harnett County DRC # 2



 Harnett County Governmental Complex



 309 West Cornelius Harnett Blvd.



 Lillington, NC  27546





 Craven County DRC # 9



 Old Family Dollar Store



 281 NC Hwy 43



 Vanceboro, NC 28586



  Wilson County DRC # 3



 2693 Forrest Hills Rd. SW



 Suite A



 Wilson, NC  27893





 Cumberland County DRC # 10



 Dept. of Social Services



 1225 Ramsey Street



 Fayetteville, NC 28301



  Edgecombe County DRC # 4



 The Imperial Centre



 270 Gay St.



 Rocky Mount, NC  27802





 Pitt County DRC # 11



 Pitt County Agricultural Center



 403 Government Circle



 Greenville, NC 27834



  Johnston County DRC # 5



 Johnston County Industries



 912 N Brightleaf Blvd.



 Smithfield, NC 27577





  Bertie County DRC # 12



 Senior Citizens Center



 103 W. School Drive



 Windsor, NC 27983



  Wayne County DRC # 6



 W.A. Foster Recreation Center



 (Top of the hill at Mina Weil Park)



 1012 S. John St., Room 110.2



 Goldsboro, NC 27530





  Lenoir County DRC #13



 NOVA Building



 105 W. Caswell St.



 Kinston, NC 28501



  Edgecombe County DRC # 7



 Riverside Plaza



 1600 W. Howard Avenue



 Tarboro, NC 27886



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Hurricane Matthew: Assistance for North Carolina Families and
Businesses

LENGTH: 1456 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Richard Burr has issued the following news release:



 The following counties have been designated for Individual Assistance by the
President: Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Camden, Chowan, Columbus, Craven,
Cumberland, Currituck, Dare, Duplin, Edgecombe, Gates, Greene, Harnett, Hoke,
Hyde, Johnston, Jones, Lee, Lenoir, Martin, Moore, Nash, Onslow, Pasquotank,
Pender, Pitt, Robeson, Sampson, Tyrrell, Wake, Washington, Wayne, and Wilson..
People living in these counties can register with FEMA to access all federal
assistance programs:





     Apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Constituents may call the registration phone number at 1-800-621-3362;
those who have a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY, should call
1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or Video Relay Service (VRS),
call 1-800-621-3362.



 North Carolina residents who suffered losses and damage as a result of
Hurricane Matthew can get information about disaster assistance at Disaster
Recovery Centers (DRC). Find the locations through the FEMA app or at
http://www.ncdps.gov/disaster-recovery-centers.



 Certain businesses and individuals living in counties with Individual
Assistance designations may qualify for tax filing deadline postponements. For
more information click here or contact the IRS disaster hotline at 866-562-5227.




 Dial 211 for North Carolina's toll-free emergency hotline



 If you need Red Cross assistance, please call 1-800-768-8048.



 For information on how to help those effected by Matthew, click here.



 Additional Information can be found at: www.DisasterAssistance.gov and
https://readync.org/



  Download the FEMA mobile app for disaster resources, weather alerts, and
safety tips. The app provides a customizable checklist of emergency supplies,
maps of open shelters and recovery centers, disaster survival tips, and weather
alerts from the National Weather Service. The app also enables users to receive
push notifications reminding them to take important steps to prepare their homes
and families for disasters.



 Please be aware of SCAMS



     Federal and state workers never ask for, or accept money, and always carry
identification badges.

     There is NO FEE required to apply for or to get disaster assistance from
FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration or the state.

     Scam attempts can be made over the phone, by mail or email, text or in
person.

     Anyone who suspects fraud should call FEMA's Disaster Fraud Hotline at
866-720-5721, or the state's Attorney General fraud hotline.



 Help with SBA Loans



     The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) offers low-interest disaster
loans to help homeowners and renters as well as businesses of all sizes and
private non-profit organizations to cover the cost of replacing lost or
disaster-damaged personal property. These disaster loans cover losses not fully
compensated by insurance or other recoveries and do not duplicate benefits of
other agencies or organizations.



     Contact U.S. Small Business Administration's Disaster Assistance Customer
Service Center by:

         Calling 800-659-2955

         Emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

         Visiting SBA 's website at www.sba.gov/disaster

         Deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals may call 800-877-8339



 North Carolina Assistance Programs



 COMMUNITY RESOURCES TO HELP WITH RECOVERY



     United Way North Carolina 2-1-1:  www.nc211.org/

     Salvation Army: (800) 725-2769

     Catholic Charities of Raleigh: (919) 790-8533

      Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) disaster resources:
(202) 708-1112,TTY: (202) 708-1455 http://portal.hud.gov



 EMPLOYMENT HELP



     Career One Stop:  (877) 872-5627 or TTY (877) 889-5627,
www.careeronestop.org



 FOOD NEEDS



     North Carolina Food Services: (919) 855-4800 or  www.ncdhhs.gov

     Feeding America: www.feedingamerica.org

     Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina: www.foodbankenc.org

     Albemarle Food Bank: www.afoodbank.org

     USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline for food safety: (888) 674-6854



 HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES FOR THOSE IN NEED



     North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services:  (919) 855-4800 or
www.ncdhhs.gov



 HELP FOR LOW-INCOME FAMILIES



     Helping paying bills for low-income families www.needhelppayingbills.com



 HOT LINES FOR EMERGENCY HELP



     If you or someone you know is in immediate danger because of thoughts of
suicide

     Suicide Hotline: (800) 784-2433 or (800) 273-8255 or  www.suicide.org

     The National Domestic Violence hotline: (800)799-7233

     Alcoholics Anonymous: www.aa.org



 FARM SERVICES AVAILABLE



     Farm Service Agency:  (919) 875-4800  www.fsa.usda.gov/state

     The N.C. Cooperative Extension Service: (919) 515-2813, has office in all
100 counties www.ces.ncsu.edu

     FSIS Small Plant Help Desk by phone at (877) 374-7435

     Farmers who have an agricultural emergency can call 1-866-645-9403, and
find additional information at www.ncagr.gov/disaster

     USDA farm loan fact sheet, click here.

     USDA Disaster handout, click here.

     Hurricane Loss Worksheet, click here.



 HOUSING NEEDS



     Housing Assistance www.nchousing.org

     Rural Development

         Multi-Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2050

         Single Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2051



 TRANSPORTATION



     Call 5-1-1 or use the ReadyNC  mobile app for the latest updates on road
closures

     North Carolina Department of Transportation:   www.ncdot.gov

     Department of Motor Vehicles:  (919) 715-7000



 UNEMPLOYMENT ASSISANCE FOR SURVIVORS



     Department of Labor: (866) 487 2365, TTY (877) 889-5627

     North Carolina Division of Employment Security:  (866) 487 2365, TTY (877)
889-5627, www.ncesc.com



 TEAR OUT, CLEANOUT, DEBRIS REMOVAL, MOLD REMEDIATION



     Baptist Men of North Carolina:  (800) 395-5102 ext. 5605
www.baptistsonmission.org

     North Carolina Conference United Methodist Church www.nccumc.org,  (888)
440-9167



 LEGAL AID AVALIABLE FOR SURVIVORS



     The Legal Services Corporation has established a toll-free legal aid
hotline for survivors of Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina. Survivors seeking
legal assistance can call the toll-free helpline at 1-800-662-7407 or go to
http://www.legalaidnc.org/get-help/Pages/hurricane-matthew/default.aspx  for
disaster-related information. The hotline is available weekdays from 9 a.m. to 4
p.m.



 VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES



     www.ncvoad.org



 Locations of North Carolina DRC's and SBA Recovery Centers



 SBA Business Recovery Centers



 Pitt County



 Small Business & Technology Development Center (SBTDC) Regional Service Center



 East Carolina University Willis Building



 300 E. 1st Street



 Greenville, NC   27858



 Days:               Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.



                         Saturdays, 9 a.m. - 1 p.m.



 Closed:            Sundays



 Cumberland County



 Small Business & Technology Development Center at Fayetteville State University




 Small Business and Economics Building, Suite 306, Rooms A & D



 1200 Murchison Road



 Fayetteville, North Carolina 28302



 Days:               Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.



                         Saturdays Starting Oct. 22, 9 a.m. - 1 p.m.



 Closed:            Sundays



 Disaster Recovery Centers



 Hours are 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Sundays until further notice.



 Nash County DRC # 1



 Continuing Education Building



 Nash Community College



 3866 Eastern Ave.



 Rocky Mount, NC  27804





 Greene County DRC # 8



 201 Carolina Drive



 Snow Hill, NC 28580



  Harnett County DRC # 2



 Harnett County Governmental Complex



 309 West Cornelius Harnett Blvd.



 Lillington, NC  27546





 Craven County DRC # 9



 Old Family Dollar Store



 281 NC Hwy 43



 Vanceboro, NC 28586



  Wilson County DRC # 3



 2693 Forrest Hills Rd. SW



 Suite A



 Wilson, NC  27893





 Cumberland County DRC # 10



 Dept. of Social Services



 1225 Ramsey Street



 Fayetteville, NC 28301



  Edgecombe County DRC # 4



 The Imperial Centre



 270 Gay St.



 Rocky Mount, NC  27802





 Pitt County DRC # 11



 Pitt County Agricultural Center



 403 Government Circle



 Greenville, NC 27834



  Johnston County DRC # 5



 Johnston County Industries



 912 N Brightleaf Blvd.



 Smithfield, NC 27577





  Bertie County DRC # 12



 Senior Citizens Center



 103 W. School Drive



 Windsor, NC 27983



  Wayne County DRC # 6



 W.A. Foster Recreation Center



 (Top of the hill at Mina Weil Park)



 1012 S. John St., Room 110.2



 Goldsboro, NC 27530





  Lenoir County DRC #13



 NOVA Building



 105 W. Caswell St.



 Kinston, NC 28501



  Edgecombe County DRC # 7



 Riverside Plaza



 1600 W. Howard Avenue



 Tarboro, NC 27886



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

BRIEF: Disaster assistance funds available for Quay County

BYLINE: Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


Apr. 21--Six New Mexico counties have been declared eligible for disaster
assistance due to continuing drought.

U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M. announced the counties are eligible due to their
proximity to Texas counties, which were declared disaster areas.

As a result of the declaration, farmers and ranchers in Dona Ana, Eddy, Lea,
Otero, Quay, and Roosevelt counties are now eligible to be considered for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency, which is part of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).

"These loans help farmers and ranchers who have been affected by drought

get back on their feet," Bingaman said.

In order to be eligible for the loan a farmer or rancher must have lost 30
percent of their stock or crop due to the drought, said John R. Ledingham, farm
loan manager, USDA.

Ledingham said the losses had to occur in 2009.

Quay and Roosevelt farmers and ranchers can apply for the low interests (3 and
3/4 percent) loans until Dec. 14, Ledingham said.

"To apply for the loan the farmer or rancher's existing lender must not be
willing to issue a loan to cover their losses," Ledingham said.

To see more of The Quay County Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.qcsunonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari,
N.M. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100421-QY-BRF-Disaster-assistance-funds-available-for-Quay-County-0421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2010 Quay County Sun


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 26, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

FmHA, Half-Bank

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A24

LENGTH: 667 words


THE GENERAL Accounting Office reported the other day that the Farmers Home
Administration has an "accumulated deficit" of $ 36 billion. It sounded as if
the congressional accountants had discovered a first cousin to the savings-and-
loan crisis, another example of morning-after in America that the Reagan
administration was handing off to its successor. Not quite, not entirely.

The savings-and-loan industry was always supposed to be both safer than shoe
boxes and self-insured, so that it would never lose a lot of money and, even if
it did, would not need public funds to make it whole. It turned out neither
thing was true; behind those plain front doors were big-time gamblers neither as
shrewd nor as tightly regulated as their speculative investments demanded. Now
the industry, its gulled depositors serving as its pawns, is having to be bailed
out at enormous cost.

The FmHA, by contrast, has always been supposed to lose money. It makes both
rural housing and development and -- the function for which it is best known --
certain kinds of farm loans. All are subsidized (the agency lends at lower
interest than it must pay to borrow), and the farm loans are deliberately risky;
FmHA is the farm lender of last resort, set up to give the evanescent family
farmer a place to go in hard times when the normal lenders turn him down. The
agency has losses from a) its interest subsidies and b) those of its farm loans
that inevitably go bad over the years. The losses have tended to be made up by
annual appropriations.

The use of annual appropriations has blurred the full scope of the large FmHA
operation, the full extent of the government's exposure. The great service
performed by the GAO audit was to aggregate this and make it clear -- also to
make clear the extent to which prospective losses rose in the farm depression of
the mid-1980s. Some of the recent losses were further blurred or glossed over in
that Congress let the agency borrow to cover them; the need for appropriations
was thus deferred. GAO is doubtless right that FmHA "will require direct
assistance from the Congress at levels significantly greater than the Congress
has provided in the past." Everyone knows how the cost of farm price and income
supports rose in the mid-1980s. Now the rest of the cost of those years is
showing up in the form of loans gone bad, in both FmHA, the Farm Credit System,
which the last Congress also had to bail out and to some extent the savings-and-
loan system too.

There is also, however, a possible misunderstanding built into the GAO report.
The main debate over FmHA programs has always had to do with how bankerly versus
how forgiving the half-bank, half-supporting agency should be. Just the other
day, 11 farm-state senators asked the agency to give more time before
foreclosing to some 90,000 farmers more than six months behind in their
payments. But in judging how forgiving to be, it needs to be remembered that a)
a lot of FmHA's loans and losses are not in farming, but in real estate and
development, while b) even a lot of the bad farming loans don't involve the type
of farmers who are FmHA's core clientele. Congress in the 1970s also used FmHA
to make assorted "emergency" loans, in part to sometimes quite large and
otherwise quite prosperous farmers who had suffered crop losses in natural
disasters. A fair share of the farm loans that have gone bad are these.

To what extent, when the leading farm problem still so often seems to be that
the country can produce more than it can sell, should the government be helping
young and other aspirants to get and stay in farming when they otherwise could
not? This is not just a macroeconomic question; it has to do with income
distribution and the fabric of rural society. FmHA is at the center of an
important social question. In the past the cost of FmHA's social mission has
been understated, but the GAO report may unintentionally overstate it. The
second misconception would be as harmful as the first.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

Alert security guard helps cops nab cheater gang in Rajkot

SECTION: GUJARAT

LENGTH: 313 words


An alert security guard at the Rajkot Civil Hospital helped police nab a gang of
six persons who used to cheat poor people by offering them cheap loans.

On Thursday , the guard Sanjay Goswami noticed the four women and two others
helping a poor man fill up some forms near the emergency ward of the hospital.
Jhala got more suspicious when he saw them convincing the man about some loan
and immediately informed the police.

Pradyumannagar police sub inspector BS Solanki reached the hospital immediately
and detained the six

persons. On questioning, one of the women Jaya Chavda, a resident of Padadhari
village near Rajkot, revealed that they used to fleece people by offering them
loans at a very low interest rate. At the hospital, they were trying to convince
Karman Kodhiya, a 47-yerold farm labourer from Panchasiya village near Wankaner,
to take a loan of Rs 11lakh. Kodhiya wanted the loan for some agriculture
purpose. They had taken Rs 11,000 from Kodhiya as proces

sing fees and called him to the civil hospital with some documents.

Besides Chavda, police arrested Maniben Vaniya of Baaghi village, Bharat Parmar
(46) of Sarapdad village, Mahendra Pithwa (40) who lives in Vishrantinagar in
Rajkot, Kanti Butani (42) and his wife Reena (37), who also live in Rajkot.
Kodhiya became the complainant in the case.

Chavda also told the police that they used to arrange loans from a
Vadodara-based company Shivdhara Chandan Finserv. The company , she claimed, had
asked them to get 25 people who needed money for starting a small business or
farming purpose.The company , she said, promised them to give them their firm's
agency in Rajkot.

The gang confessed to cheating at least five people in the last few months.

Police suspect that the gang may have cheated many poor people by promising them
loans and extracting money from them in the form of document fees and other
charges.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2012

Dale Metzger recognized for nine years of service

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 364  words


ROCK RAPIDS - Dale Metzger was recognized for his nine years of dedicated
service to the Lyon County Farm Service Agency County Committee (COC) at their
meeting on Wednesday, Dec. 5. The Farm Service Agency is a part of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and provides financial assistance through disaster
assistance, conservation, commodity and price support programs, and farm loans.

Metzger was county committee chairperson in 2012. He represented Allison,
Cleveland, Doon, Garfield, Riverside and Rock townships in the local
administrative area 2. During his years of service he helped make decisions
necessary to carry out programs such as price support loans, farm storage
facility loans, conservation reserve program, disaster programs, emergency
programs and eligibility determinations. The county committee also hires and
oversees the county executive director.

The county committee is a vital asset to farmers in the local area as they are
the voice for local farmers in Washington. When there are problems or appeals,
these concerns can be heard at the local level by people who live and work in
the farming communities involved. They have knowledge of farming practices and
the lay of the land for the county and are well equipped to handle such matters.

The national FSA office guides state and county offices in the implementation of
programs legislated by Congress. Farmers who are eligible for FSA programs
nominate and elect representatives in the local community to serve on the local
FSA County Committee. This extensive county-based structure provides FSA a
unique position from which to serve rural America. The latest election ballots
were counted on Wednesday, Dec. 5. Dale Metzger served 3 terms of 3 years and
was not eligible for re-election. Thadd Knoblock was elected as the new county
committeeman for local administrative area 2. Wes De Groot was elected as first
alternate and Troy Knob-lock was elected a second alternate. Thadd Knoblock will
start his first term on January 1, 2013.

To learn more information about the programs and services FSA has to offer,
contact the Lyon County Office at 712-472-3774 ext. 2 or visit FSA on-line at
www.fsa.usda.gov/ia.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Lyon County Reporter


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 21, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Farm Policy Receives New Attention in Election Year;
Reagan Grants Long-Sought Financial Aid

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A19

LENGTH: 687 words


What a difference an election year apparently makes on farm policy.

A year and a half ago, two Democratic congressmen from California wrote
Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, asking for immediate financial help for
distressed farmers through relaxed rules on federal farm loans.

Three months later, Reps. Richard H. Lehman and Tony Coelho got a reply from one
of Block's underlings at the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), rejecting their
plea.

In May 1983, the House passed a new farm credit bill, providing extra leniency
for farmers who were delinquent on their FmHA loans, but it quickly stalled in
the Republican-controlled Senate when the Reagan administration opposed it.

Last December, a federal judge in Washington ordered the administration to begin
spending more than $600 million in emergency farm loans that Congress had
authorized, but which Block and the White House had refused to release.

Six months ago, with election-year nervousness over the wobbly farm economy
rising, 39 farm state House members asked President Reagan for a meeting to talk
about more help for agriculture. The president did not have time, the White
House responded.

Since Reagan took office in 1981, such vignettes have become commonplace, with
members of Congress and farm groups urging more help for farmers and the
administration resisting it.

Then Tuesday, less than seven weeks before the national election, Reagan called
selected GOP legislators and friendly farm industry groups to the White House to
tell them about dramatic new loan aid he plans to provide to farmers in the
deepest economic trouble.

To reporters who asked about the political timing of his announcement, just two
days before a campaign trip to Iowa and Michigan, Reagan said, "I know that none
of you . . . are going to believe this. It wasn't done with that in mind. It was
done because there are people out there that need help."

Congressional critics of the administration's farm policies applauded the
president's moves as a step in the right direction, but accused him of playing
politics with the farm vote, particularly to prop up endangered GOP candidates
in the larger agricultural states.

Reagan's plan represents another in a series of agriculture policy shifts his
administration has made, ranging from changes on price supports and subsidies to
acreage control programs and marketing orders.

For example, in a sharp reversal of previous opposition to any form of loan
moratoriums, the president said the FmHA would excuse borrowers from paying
interest and principal on 25 percent of their loans for as much as five years.

FmHA provides about 11 percent of the nation's farm credit, with loans to some
270,000 borrowers. The agency calculates that about one-third are delinquent on
loans, although not all seriously are threatened with bankruptcy or foreclosure.

And in a gesture certain to help rural banks more than farmers, Reagan said he
would spend up to $650 million to guarantee troubled loans if banks agreed to
write off 10 percent of any given loan. One effect of such an approach, in the
eyes of some analysts, is that it will not save farmers from foreclosure.
Rather, it may reduce the amount a bank stands to lose on a shaky loan.

"It is only a program for banks with the worst customers," said Marty Strange,
head of the public-interest Center for Rural Affairs in Walthill, Neb. "It bails
out the most egregious managers; the guys who are good managers but are in
trouble get no help."

The loan-guarantee money, opposed earlier this year by the administration, had
been put into appropriations legislation by Democrats led by Sen. Walter D.
Huddleston of Kentucky, ranking minority member of the Senate Agriculture
Committee.

"I hope that as this program is implemented, we will not find that the
administration is long on politics between now and November and short on what
will be good for hard-pressed farmers in the months that follow," he said this
week.

Added Rep. E (Kika) de la Garza (D-Tex.), chairman of the House Agriculture
Committee, "I wish we had presidential elections every year."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, The loan-guarantee money has been put in legislation by
Democrats led by Sen. Walter D. Huddleston.

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 21, 2004 Saturday

Local Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 452 words


Police try to locate residents of home

Dubuque police have not yet located Mark and Vickie Noonan, the residents of a
home that burned early Thursday.

Authorities are investigating the blaze at 1390 Kaufmann Ave. In the basement,
officials say they found ingredients and items used in the manufacture of
methamphetamine.

No one was injured in the fire and the Noonans were not home when firefighters
responded at about 12:30 a.m.

Disaster loans offered for small businesses

Small businesses in Iowa's Dubuque, Clayton and Allamakee counties impacted by
severe storms and flooding between May 19 and July 3 are eligible for
low-interest disaster loans.

The U.S. Small Business Administration is making the loans available to help
businesses meet normal operating expenses that cannot be met because of the
severe weather.

According to the office of Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, the loans can be
applied toward long-term debt, accounts payable and overhead expenses that would
have been met if the disaster had not occurred.

The maximum amount of a loan for actual disaster-related financial needs is $1.5
million, with a 2.75 percent interest rate for as much as 30 years. Additional
information is available through the Small Business Administration,
800/366-6303. The application deadline is March 21.

Farmers and ranchers are not eligible for the loans, but they might be eligible
for low-interest emergency loans through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency.

Threshing, Antique Day planned on area farm

The 18th annual Deppe Threshing and Antique Day is slated for 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Sunday on the Deppe farm.

There will be displays of antique tractors and other old farm equipment, as well
as demonstrations of threshing, clover hulling, plowing, hay cutting, raking,
loading, log sawing, corn shredding, rock crushing and shingle making. Wagon
rides and refreshments will be available.

To get there, take U.S. 52 south of Dubuque toward Bellevue. Travel about 15
miles, then turn right onto D-55. Travel two miles, then turn left onto
Sieverding Ridge. Travel another two miles and watch for signs. The event will
be held at 30612 Sieverding Ridge.

Groundbreaking set for movie theater

A groundbreaking for a planned 14-plex movie theater at Asbury Plaza shopping
center is scheduled for noon Monday.

The ceremony will include representatives from the Dubuque Area Chamber of
Commerce Ambassadors, along with government officials from Dubuque and
neighboring areas.

The Star Cinema movie theater is expected to open in the spring. The theater
will be near the new Kohl's store in the plaza, close to the intersection of the
Northwest Arterial and Asbury Road.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday

National And International Report / Monsanto defends practices in biotech seed
marketing

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 986 words


The Justice Department is investigating whether Monsanto Co. violated antitrust
rules in trying to expand its dominance of the market for genetically engineered
crops, the company said.

Monsanto has provided interviews and documents to the Justice Department,
company spokesman Lee Quarles said. He said the department has questioned
Monsanto about its marketing tactics in the biotech seed industry, which have
become a target of criticism.

Quarles said Monsanto has done nothing illegal and is cooperating with the
investigation.

"We definitely stand behind our business," he said.

The department's investigation of Monsanto is part of a previously announced
inquiry into consolidation in the seed industry. The department is looking into
Monsanto's licensing agreements with seed companies.

St. Louis-based Monsanto is the world's biggest seed company, and its patented
genes are inserted into a majority of U.S. corn and soybean crops. Critics say
Monsanto has used its market clout to squeeze competitors.Bank borrowing from
Fed down in week

Banks reduced their borrowing from the Federal Reserve's emergency lending
facility over the past week and cut back their use of other programs designed to
ease the financial crisis.

The Fed said Thursday that banks averaged $27.9 billion in daily borrowing over
the week ended Wednesday, down slightly from $28 billion in the week ended Sept.
30. That's also down from $75 billion a year ago, when the financial crisis was
raging after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008.

The central bank has pumped trillions of dollars into the financial system
through an array of short-term lending programs in an effort to ease the crisis.
The reduced borrowing in the past week shows banks are having a slightly easier
time getting short-term loans in private markets.

The identities of the financial institutions that receive emergency loans are
not released. They pay just 0.50 percent in interest for the loans.Chrysler
emphasizing customer service

Chrysler Group LLC dealers across the country are being schooled on the
company's customer service expectations this week but won't get a glimpse of the
company's new model lineup.

Company spokeswoman Kathy Graham said dealers are being told in regional
meetings about expectations for things like returning telephone calls, opening
doors for customers and minimizing waits for service.

But she said dealers will not receive details of the new model plan, which is
still being developed. It is scheduled for public release Nov. 4.

Graham said most dealers already do a good job of customer service. She said
Chrysler previously didn't have formal standards.

Meetings began in the Detroit area last week and continued in Minneapolis and
five other cities on Thursday.Wholesale sales up as inventories decline

Businesses reduced inventories at the wholesale level for a record 12th
consecutive month in August, often evidence that companies are trimming orders
to factories, which helped depress economic output during the recession. But in
an encouraging sign, sales at the wholesale level jumped by the largest amount
in 14 months.

The Commerce Department said Thursday that wholesale inventories fell 1.3
percent in August, worse than the 1 percent drop economists had expected. That
followed a 1.6 percent drop in July initially reported as a 1.4 percent
decrease.

But sales rose a better-than-expected 1 percent, the fifth straight gain and the
largest increase since June 2008.

Economists hope the rising sales will encourage businesses to begin restocking
their depleted shelves, a switch that would boost factory production and help
bolster broad economic growth in coming months.

As businesses start restocking shelves, analysts said that will provide support
for rising factory production and translate into a higher gross domestic product
growth reading. Local group buys Chicago Sun-Times

A Delaware bankruptcy judge on Thursday approved the sale of the Chicago
Sun-Times and other newspapers owned by its parent company to a group led by
Chicago businessman Jim Tyree.

The Tyree group offered to pay $5 million for the assets of the Sun-Times Media
Group Inc., which includes the Chicago tabloid and more than 50 suburban
publications. The investors also plan to assume about $22 million in
liabilities.

A major hurdle to closing the deal was cleared Wednesday when leaders of five
unions that had rejected contract concessions demanded by Tyree tentatively
agreed to contract changes. Rank-and-file members of four of the unions voted
Wednesday night to accept contract changes agreed to by the Chicago Newspaper
Guild. Members of the fifth union, representing editorial workers at the
Post-Tribune of Northwest Indiana, were expected to vote today.Liz Claiborne
jumps to J.C. Penney

Clothing maker Liz Claiborne Inc. said Thursday it will help reverse its
fortunes by moving its namesake line to J.C. Penny Co. from Macy's Inc. and
taking the line designed by Isaac Mizrahi to the TV shopping channel QVC.

News of the 10-year deal with J.C. Penney sent Liz Claiborne's stock up 30
percent. J.C. Penney's shares rose to a 52-week high.

Under the licensing agreement, J.C. Penney will be the sole U.S. department
store to sell the company's Liz Claiborne and Claiborne lines of women's wear,
along with its Liz & Co. and Concepts by Claiborne brands. The deal includes
accessories, shoes, household products and men's clothing, as well as women's.
The lines will debut next fall.

The company said prices for the Liz Claiborne New York brand designed by Isaac
Mizrahi will be higher than prices for the lines at Penney but said prices have
not been set.

Briefly International

The Swedish government said Thursday it will extend its credit guarantee program
for banks by six months to maintain stability in the financial sector amid fears
about economic turmoil in Latvia, where Swedish banks do extensive business.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  December 23, 2000 Saturday Michigan Edition

Apple growers face mystery;
Fire blight defies usual treatment

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 1015 words


BENTON HARBOR--It began to show up as curled leaves.

By the end of May, Rod Winkel began noticing the first symptoms of leaf wilt on
the outermost stems of his apple trees.

The evidence pointed to a highly-contagious bacterial disease called fire
blight. But Winkel was puzzled.

"We didn't know where it came from. We thought we were protected," he recalled.

Like many apple growers in Southwest Michigan, Winkel had timed the application
of fire blight-fighting chemicals earlier that month in accordance with the
onset of rain, wind, and prolonged warmth and humidity.

These key weather indicators, coinciding with the critical bloom period, were
perfect for fire blight bacterium, Erwinia amylovora, to gain a foothold and
sweep through an orchard.

Growers like Winkel have long known that they need to catch fire blight before
it develops and before it moves down healthy tissue into the rootstock.

"But it's obvious we missed it," he said. "The university (Michigan State)
missed it. All the private consultants missed it." It has now been determined
that the fire blight epidemic started on either May 4 or 5. For reasons yet to
be determined, this episode of fire blight started unlike other outbreaks of
this perennial problem.

"There was something there that we don't know about," Winkel said.

Within weeks, the leaves began to turn brown. Limbs and trunks later oozed out
bacterium in yellowish blobs. By July, tree death was rampant over southwest
Michigan.

By the time it was over, Winkel alone had lost 42,000 trees at his farm on
Territorial Road.

Other farmers lost as many as 50,000 trees."We will probably lose between 46,000
to 48,000 trees when it's all done," Winkel said. "I've been farming for 32
years. This was by far the biggest disaster we have seen in years."

Michigan ranks third in the United States in apple production, having the
capability of producing a million and quarter pounds of apples in a good year.
But Michigan's 2000 production will fall 26 percent as a result of spring freeze
damage and the fire blight epidemic that may have killed 433,000 trees,
according to the latest estimate.

Bill Shane, district fruit agent for Michican State University, had expected the
financial losses from fire blight to mount to $42 million, considering the loss
of trees and income over the next five years.

But now he thinks that an upward revision of that loss will clearly be needed
this spring once the damage from fire blight is fully assessed.

"I think there will be a lot more tree mortality than we originally thought,"
said Shane.

Seven months after the outbreak was detected growers were still reeling from the
summer outbreak. They packed the Southwest Michigan Research and Extension
Center in Benton Harbor on Tuesday to get updates on emergency assistance as
well as to learn more about how to cope with the losses.

Fire blight is particularly deadly to certain rootstocks, called M9 and M26. Of
even greater concern, is that evolved fire blight bacteria have developed
resistance to an important chemical, streptomycin. Resistant strains were found
in 1990 in Van Buren County and have spread into northern Berrien County.

A new compound, called Apogee, has, however, shown promise in the fight against
fire blight in that it stops or slows the growth of highly susceptible terminal
shoots during the primary infection period, according to Phil Schwallier, MSU
district fruit agent at the Clarksville Experimental Station.

The tally of dead trees continues every week, said Berrien County Farm Service
Agency Marcia Collins as growers avail themselves to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture emergency loan and emergency tree loss programs recently passed by
Congress.

Winkel said the federal assistance will be critical if the local apple industry
is to recover.

"You hate to be a cry baby who runs to the government. But with this magnitude
of a disaster you are looking at changing apple production in Southwest Michigan
completely if there is not some help," he said.

To compound the problems, apple prices had already plummeted in recent years due
to a combination of overproduction and competition from Chinese apples and apple
juice concentrate.

The USDA and Congress in recent weeks has offered as many as five or six
programs to help apple growers, according to Ken Nye, Michigan Farm Bureau
commodity specialist.

USDA emergency farm loans, offered to 37 Michigan counties for various weather
related problems, and a special apple loan program announced recently will be
made available to growers.

"There is one market loss program and one quality loss program," Nye said.

The market loss assistance program authorized by Congress in the recent
appropriations bill makes $100 million available for both apple and potato
growers.

"The rules for this program have not been finalized yet," Nye said.

The same is true for a quality loss program that is funded to the tune of $38
million for weather-related problems like fire blight.

Apple growers in Southwest Michigan might also qualify for a $1.6 billion
program authorized by Congress for all crop disasters in the United States. But
apple growers will have to make a decision, Nye cautioned. If they opt for this
disaster program, they will be ineligible for the market loss program, he
said.Finally, the USDA's tree assistance program will help growers with the cost
of replanting trees. But Michigan Farm Bureau is concerned that a $25,000 cap
per grower "is too small for the damage that we have in Southwest Michigan," Nye
said.

The tree assistance program so far has not been funded, he added.

Winkel said without the federal help "a lot of these (orchards) will never be
replanted."

While growers waits for help, they have a big job ahead of them bulldozing trees
and burning them to kill the bacteria and pulling stakes that support high
density tree plantings.

"In the spring we plan on hiring more people to help clean up the mess," Winkel
said.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(219) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Power County Press (American Falls, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 8, 2014

Power County and seven other counties receive disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Power County Press staff

LENGTH: 500  words


Aaron Johnson, Acting State Executive Director for the USDA Farm Service Agency
(FSA) in Idaho, announced Thursday, Oct. 4, that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has designated eight counties in Idaho as primary natural
disaster areas due to losses and damages caused by excessive rain, flash
flooding and hail that occurred from July 25, through Sept. 1.

Those counties are: Bingham, Bonneville, Clark, Minidoka, Blaine, Cassia,
Jefferson and Power

"President Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a
bright spot in our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's
farmers, ranchers, and rural communities through these difficult times. We're
also telling Idaho producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when
severe weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood," USDA
Secretary Tom Vilsack said.

In order to receive an agricultural disaster designation FSA County Executive
Directors meet with local leaders to access damages to crops and submit a report
to the FSA State Executive Director (SED). After meeting with the state
emergency board the SED sends a recommendation of approval to Secretary Vilsack.

In September, Johnson submitted requests for three other counties with the
following results: On September 3, 2014, Jerome and Twin Falls counties received
designations due to excessive rain that occurred Aug. 3-7, 2014 and Clearwater
County was designated due to high winds and hail that occurred Aug. 14, 2014.
This qualified Idaho counties contiguous to these three primary counties as well
as those counties in neighboring states that border a county with a primary
designation. You can view a map that shows all counties in Idaho that have
current disaster designations at www.fsa.usda.gov/id .

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs,
in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

"During 2014 Idaho has had disaster declarations for everything from drought to
hail and too much moisture. We want producers to know that FSA is doing all they
can to help Idaho's farmers and ranchers when these natural disasters impact
their operations," Johnson said.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Interested
farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and other
programs. Additional information is also available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PWR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Power County Press


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday

Washington: USDA designates Texas, Oklahoma counties as primary natural disaster
areas

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Judith A. Canales,
announced that 14 counties were declared a disaster on May 14, 2014, due to
drought using the streamlined Secretarial Disaster Designation process. Under
this designation, producers in any of the primary or contiguous disaster
counties are eligible to apply for low interest emergency loans.

The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year.

The following 14 counties were designated as primary disaster counties:
Atascosa  Hays  Lavaca  Wharton
Comal  Howard  Live Oak  Williamson
Glasscock  Jackson  Red River
Guadalupe  Kaufman  Upton

The following 52 counties were designated as contiguous disaster counties:
Austin

Crane

Gonzales

Midland
Bastrop

Crockett

Henderson

Milam
Bee

Dallas

Hunt

Mitchell
Bell

Dawson

Jim Wells

Morris
Bexar

Delta

Karnes

Reagan
Blanco

DeWitt

Kendall

Rockwall
Borden

Duval

Lamar

San Patricio
Bowie

Ector

La Salle

Sterling
Brazoria

Ellis

Lee

Titus
Burnet

Fayette

McMullen

Travis
Caldwell

Fort Bend

Martin

Van Zandt
Calhoun

Franklin

Matagorda

Victoria
Colorado

Frio

Medina

Wilson

Producers in Choctaw and McCurtain Counties in Oklahoma, are also eligible for
emergency loans because their counties are contiguous.

"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," said Canales.

Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. As a general
rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production to be
eligible for an FSA emergency loan.

Under this designation, emergency loan applications will be accepted through
Jan. 14, 2015. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.
Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
to a maximum amount of $500,000. The current emergency loan interest rate is
3.125 percent.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA designates Texas, Oklahoma counties as primary natural disaster
areas

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

USDA Texas Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Judith A. Canales,
announced that 14 counties were declared a disaster on May 14, 2014, due to
drought using the streamlined Secretarial Disaster Designation process. Under
this designation, producers in any of the primary or contiguous disaster
counties are eligible to apply for low interest emergency loans.

The streamlined disaster designation process issues a drought disaster
declaration when a county has experienced a drought intensity value of at least
a D2 (severe drought) level for eight consecutive weeks based on the U.S.
Drought Monitor during the crop year.

The following 14 counties were designated as primary disaster counties:
Atascosa  Hays  Lavaca  Wharton
Comal  Howard  Live Oak  Williamson
Glasscock  Jackson  Red River
Guadalupe  Kaufman  Upton

The following 52 counties were designated as contiguous disaster counties:
Austin

Crane

Gonzales

Midland
Bastrop

Crockett

Henderson

Milam
Bee

Dallas

Hunt

Mitchell
Bell

Dawson

Jim Wells

Morris
Bexar

Delta

Karnes

Reagan
Blanco

DeWitt

Kendall

Rockwall
Borden

Duval

Lamar

San Patricio
Bowie

Ector

La Salle

Sterling
Brazoria

Ellis

Lee

Titus
Burnet

Fayette

McMullen

Travis
Caldwell

Fort Bend

Martin

Van Zandt
Calhoun

Franklin

Matagorda

Victoria
Colorado

Frio

Medina

Wilson

Producers in Choctaw and McCurtain Counties in Oklahoma, are also eligible for
emergency loans because their counties are contiguous.

"The disaster designation is welcome relief to producers because it allows all
qualified operators in primary and contiguous counties to apply for a low
interest emergency (EM) loan," said Canales.

Emergency loans help producers recover from production and physical losses due
to drought, flooding and other natural disasters or quarantine. As a general
rule, a farmer must have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of production to be
eligible for an FSA emergency loan.

Under this designation, emergency loan applications will be accepted through
Jan. 14, 2015. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.
Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or physical losses,
to a maximum amount of $500,000. The current emergency loan interest rate is
3.125 percent.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 13, 2017

                            KUDOS SAFETY UK LIMITED

                               THE OLD DAIRY FARM
                                  BRACKEN LANE
                                    RETFORD
                                RETFORD DN22 0PL


TRADE ADDRESS: The Old Dairy Farm Bracken Lane, RETFORD DN22 0PL

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08145700

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 17, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr William Robert Tucker, Health And Safety/fire Safety/emergency
     ·    Mrs Kaye Rosanne Tucker, Health And Safety/fire Safety/emergency


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities auxiliary to insurance and pension funding
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
66200
84250

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 17, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  169       242       354
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               169       242       354
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          36,291    24,753     7,065
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   5,001     8,954     6,811
Other Current Assets                          41,292    33,707    13,876
Total Current Assets                          41,292    33,707    13,876
Fixed Assets                                     169       242       354
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  41,461    33,949    14,230



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             10,977    13,798    10,419
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     10,977    13,798    10,419
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     10,977    13,798    10,419
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             10,977    13,798    10,419
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                20        20        20
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 30,464    20,131     3,791
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             30,484    20,151     3,811
Called Up Share Capital                           20        20        20
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    30,484    20,151     3,811


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      30,484    20,151     3,811
Net Worth             30,484    20,151     3,811
Working Capital       30,315    19,909     3,457
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets        22.13 191.36  170.35
Current Assets       22.5 197.58  178.51
Current            -20.44   5.36  -22.89
Liabilities
Capital Employed    51.28  699.9 2,668.7
                                       6
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,428 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
67200 Activities auxiliary to insurance and pension
funding



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   1.83     20.5    58.34
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .22     7.88    27.39
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.33    11.61    28.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              37.66    85.62   172.97
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x      118.03    22.72        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.36      2.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            40,276.6 58,962.1 97,330.0
                                                          4        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  28,736.3 39,928.5 62,684.2
                                                          6        7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    68,950  102,900  183,625
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  53.16    43.13     29.7



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        1
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  5
=        1
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                3.76      2.44      1.33
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  3.76      2.44      1.33
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.74      0.59      0.27
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 30,484

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: G C Accountancy Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday

Congress adjourns as farm bill and emergency aid wait

BYLINE: JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1088 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

An effort to provide emergency aid for American ranchers and farmers reeling
from a year of drought, frost and other calamities has collapsed as members of
Congress departed for their August recess.

FULL TEXT

An effort to provide emergency aid for American ranchers and farmers reeling
from a year of drought, frost and other calamities has collapsed as members of
Congress departed for their five-week August recess, leaving behind a pile of
unfinished legislation as they go home to campaign for re-election.

After refusing to consider a sweeping five-year farm measure, House Republican
leaders Thursday jammed through a short-term $383 million package of loans and
grants for livestock producers and a limited number of farmers. The measure
passed 223 to 197, a narrow margin for a bill that has an impact on so many
states. But Democrats balked in protest over the way the farm legislation has
been handled and some Republicans objected to the costs.

Democratic leaders in the Senate, which had already passed a bipartisan
five-year bill, refused to take up the House measure, faulting House Republican
leaders for failing to consider the broader legislation in time.

''I'm not passing a bill that only covers some producers,'' said Senator Debbie
Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, the chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee.

Moments after the House passed its bill, Ms. Stabenow took to the Senate floor
to say that lawmakers would instead work informally over the August recess to
try to put together a new measure to present to Congress when it meets in
September. The White House would have considered the House measure, but she
resisted, Senate aides said.

Ms. Stabenow, who worked for months to arm-twist resistant Senate colleagues on
both side of the aisle to usher her bill through her chamber, said she would
begin meeting with House agriculture leaders on Thursday night. ''I am extremely
hopeful that we can get together around what really needs to be done, which is a
five-year farm bill,'' she said.

The failure to advance the farm bill or the emergency aid was all the more
striking given the extent of the continuing drought, with county after county
across the nation having been declared an agricultural disaster area.

The farm bill, which has historically appealed to members on both sides of the
aisle, was one of a series of measures that fell victim to partisan fighting -
and occasionally infighting - in recent weeks. On Thursday, a bipartisan
cybersecurity bill that would have established standards for the computer
systems that oversee the country's critical infrastructure was stopped by a
filibuster as some leading Republicans yielded to the concerns of major business
interests.

The renewal of a measure to protect women from domestic violence - an issue that
has also generally enjoyed bipartisan support in both chambers - stalled and
routine spending bills and tax measures were also languishing, even as Congress
faces a year-end pileup of expiring tax laws and spending cuts.

''It's not only the failure to take on the biggest single threat to our country
right now, that of cyberattacks,'' said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of
Maine, a co-author of the cybersecurity bill. ''Or to complete the farm bill.
But also, we've yet to pass a single appropriations bill. Tax issues remain
completely unresolved, as well. I think it's really disappointing.''

For lawmakers in states with large agriculture industries, August may be the
longest month, as farmers, ranchers and producers clamor for a bill to extend
programs that begin expiring in September. The relief bill sought to continue
programs that have already expired, ones that indemnify livestock and forage
programs and provide some assistance to producers of a handful of other crops,
paid for by placing caps on conservation programs in the current farm law.

Without the aid, livestock producers will now have no government safety net
programs to aid them in their losses of feed. Without them there is little they
can do except find another source of feed or start selling or killing off
animals. Crop insurance will take care of growers of corn, soybeans, wheat and
most other crops.

Republicans criticized the Senate for declining to take up their measure.

''It would appear this is the only vehicle,'' said Representative Frank D. Lucas
of Oklahoma, the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, who has patiently
endured his Republican leadership's abandonment of his bill, the first time the
House has declined to bring its own committee's bill to the floor. ''No matter
what happens in the farm bill process, nothing can happen for months and months.
If you want to leave people hurting, I guess that's your choice.''

Senator Roy D. Blunt, Republican of Missouri, expressed a similar view. ''The
idea that we would decide that we would put this off another month,'' he said,
''that we can put these families in jeopardy for another month, not knowing what
their solution is, just seems to me to be totally unacceptable.''

Many members of both parties said they felt they were returning home for the
recess with little to show for their efforts and with the election just three
months off.

''Congress has a job to do and that among other things is to pass a farm bill,''
said Representative Peter Welch, Democrat of Vermont, who is trying to use a
petition to force the farm bill to the floor against the wishes of leadership, a
difficult procedural maneuver that will require Republican help. But he said
scores of Republicans had signed already.

''People are pretty fed up about it,'' Mr. Welch said, ''and understandably
so.''

Despite the multiple impasses, Congress has made progress in some areas. Both
chambers quickly agreed this week to tighten sanctions against Iran. House and
Senate leaders reached a tentative agreement that would keep the government
operating after the end of the fiscal year on Sept. 30, without the partisan
drama that has almost caused a government shutdown in the past. But that measure
must still pass the House and Senate next month.

''I think we've got some good things,'' said Representative Tom Cole, Republican
of Oklahoma. ''We did the transportation bill, the student loan bill, but I
think we could have done more. I would have much preferred to have a full farm
bill. But we're not going to be able to make a lot of decisions that need to be
made until the American people decide who the decision makers are going to be.
And that's the biggest challenge to legislating right now.''

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Alert security guard helps police nab cheaters gang

SECTION: RAJKOT

LENGTH: 321 words


RAJKOT: An alert security guard at the Rajkot Civil Hospital helped police nab a
gang of six persons who used to cheat poor people by offering them cheap loans.
On Thursday, the guard Sanjay Goswami noticed the four women and two others
helping a poor man fill up some forms near the emergency ward of the hospital.
Jhala got more suspicious when he saw them convincing the man about some loan
and immediately informed the police.

Pradyumannagar police sub inspector BS Solanki reached the hospital immediately
and detained the six persons. On questioning, one of the women Jaya Chavda, a
resident of Padadhari village near Rajkot, revealed that they used to fleece
people by offering them loans at a very low interest rate. At the hospital, they
were trying to convince Karman Kodhiya, a 47-yer-old farm labourer from
Panchasiya village near Wankaner, to take a loan of Rs 11 lakh. Kodhiya wanted
the loan for some agriculture purpose. They had taken Rs 11,000 from Kodhiya as
processing fees and called him to the civil hospital with some documents.Besides
Chavda, police arrested Maniben Vaniya of Baaghi village, Bharat Parmar (46) of
Sarapdad village, Mahendra Pithwa (40) who lives in Vishrantinagar in Rajkot,
Kanti Butani (42) and his wife Reena (37), who also live in Rajkot. Kodhiya
became the complainant in the case.Chavda also told the police that they used to
arrange loans from a Vadodara-based company Shivdhara Chandan Finserv. The
company, she claimed, had asked them to get 25 people who needed money for
starting a small business or farming purpose. The company, she said, promised
them to give them their firm's agency in Rajkot.The gang confessed to cheating
at least five people in the last few months.Police suspect that the gang may
have cheated many poor people by promising them loans and extracting money from
them in the form of document fees and other charges.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Alert security guard helps police nab cheaters gang

SECTION: RAJKOT

LENGTH: 321 words


RAJKOT: An alert security guard at the Rajkot Civil Hospital helped police nab a
gang of six persons who used to cheat poor people by offering them cheap loans.
On Thursday, the guard Sanjay Goswami noticed the four women and two others
helping a poor man fill up some forms near the emergency ward of the hospital.
Jhala got more suspicious when he saw them convincing the man about some loan
and immediately informed the police.

Pradyumannagar police sub inspector BS Solanki reached the hospital immediately
and detained the six persons. On questioning, one of the women Jaya Chavda, a
resident of Padadhari village near Rajkot, revealed that they used to fleece
people by offering them loans at a very low interest rate. At the hospital, they
were trying to convince Karman Kodhiya, a 47-yer-old farm labourer from
Panchasiya village near Wankaner, to take a loan of Rs 11 lakh. Kodhiya wanted
the loan for some agriculture purpose. They had taken Rs 11,000 from Kodhiya as
processing fees and called him to the civil hospital with some documents.Besides
Chavda, police arrested Maniben Vaniya of Baaghi village, Bharat Parmar (46) of
Sarapdad village, Mahendra Pithwa (40) who lives in Vishrantinagar in Rajkot,
Kanti Butani (42) and his wife Reena (37), who also live in Rajkot. Kodhiya
became the complainant in the case.Chavda also told the police that they used to
arrange loans from a Vadodara-based company Shivdhara Chandan Finserv. The
company, she claimed, had asked them to get 25 people who needed money for
starting a small business or farming purpose. The company, she said, promised
them to give them their firm's agency in Rajkot.The gang confessed to cheating
at least five people in the last few months.Police suspect that the gang may
have cheated many poor people by promising them loans and extracting money from
them in the form of document fees and other charges.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Area farmers eligible for disaster loans

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 190 words


Jul. 2--TRAVERSE CITY -- Farmers in nine northern Michigan counties are eligible
for emergency disaster loans through the federal Farm Services Agency for crop
damage from severe weather this month.

Grand Traverse, Antrim, Benzie, Leelanau, Crawford, Manistee, Kalkaska,
Missaukee and Wexford counties were among 60 in northern Michigan designated as
natural disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for hail, high wind
and tornado damage from June 6 to 15.

Farmers in those areas are eligible for low-interest emergency loans through the
FSA with certain eligibility requirements. Farmers have until Feb. 25 to apply,
and more information is available from the local USDA Service Center at (231)
941-0951.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080702-ZK-BRF-Area-farmers-eligible-for-disaster-loans-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2008


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 4, 2015

Area parishes named natural disaster areas

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 191  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Louisiana Farm Service Agency (FSA) State
Executive Director, Craig A. McCain, announced that Winn Parish in Louisiana has
been designated as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses
caused by a recent drought.

Farmers and ranchers in the following parishes in Louisiana also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their parishes are contiguous. Those
parishes are: Bienville, Caldwell, Grant, Jackson, LaSalle, and Natchitoches.

All parishes listed above were designated a natural disaster area on Oct. 14,
2015, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met.

Farmers in eligible parishes have until June 14, 2016 to apply for loans to help
cover part of their production losses only. FSA will consider each loan
application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability.

FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help
eligible farmers recover from adversity.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Jena Times


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sebree Banner (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2012

26 Kentucky Counties Are Designated As Disaster Areas

BYLINE: The Sebree Banner staff

LENGTH: 319  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director John W. McCauley said
that 32 counties in Kentucky have received a Secretarial Disaster Designation
due to the on-going drought. These counties are eligible for FSA loans and
programs to assist with recovery.

The primary Kentucky counties are: Ballard, Butler, Caldwell, Calloway,
Carlisle, Christian, Crittenden, Daviess, Fulton, Graves, Hancock, Henderson,
Hickman, Hopkins, Livingston, Logan, Lyon, McCracken, McLean, Marshall,
Muhlenberg, Ohio, Todd, Trigg, Union, and Webster.

The following Kentucky counties are eligible because they are contiguous:
Breckinridge, Edmonson, Grayson, Meade, Simpson, and Warren.

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas on July 12,
2012, making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for
low interest emergency (EM) loans at 2.99% from USDA's Farm Service Agency
(FSA), provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties
have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on
its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers recover from adversity.

McCauley encourages all farmers and ranchers to contact their crop insurance
companies and local USDA Farm Service Agency Service Centers, as applicable, to
report damages to crops or livestock loss. In addition, he also reminds
livestock producers to keep thorough records of losses, including additional
expenses for such things as food purchased due to lost supplies.

More information about federal crop insurance may be found at www.rma.usda.gov.
Additional resources to help farmers and ranchers deal with the drought may be
found at http://www.usda.gov/di-saster.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Sebree Banner


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Business Briefs for 07/19/2014

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


July 19--Sundvall promoted

at Bank Forward

BEMIDJI -- Sara Sundvall has been promoted to the position of loan technician II
at Bank Forward, Bemidji.

Sundvall has been employed at Bank Forward since 2010 and has more than 20 years
of experience in banking. Sundvall also serves on the board of the Bemidji
Community Soup Kitchen.

State Farm

recognizes local agent

BEMIDJI -- Sara Labraaten, an agent with State Farm Insurance in Bemidji,
recently was recognized as a State Farm Insurance Companies President's Club
agent.

The President's Club award is presented to the top 50 agents at State Farm.

In order to be eligible, agents must meet all criteria and achieve certain
levels in all lines of business State Farm provides.

Labraaten finished the year ranked No. 13 in the country. State Farm has more
than 18,700 agents.

Conner celebrates 25 years at CEP

BEMIDJI -- Bob Conner recently reached the 25-year anniversary at Rural
Minnesota CEP. Conner is a youth service coordinator with the agency and helps
disadvantaged youth in Clearwater and Beltrami counties to become job-ready
through work experience placements.

Conner is a graduate of BSU.

The youth program at Rural Minnesota CEP offers employment and training services
designed for at-risk youth that focus on helping participants complete high
school and develop a career plan, while providing them with practical hands-on
work experience opportunities.

Preuss recognized for years of service

BEMIDJI -- Del Preuss, a paramedic with the Bemidji Ambulance Service, was
recently recognized by the Board of Directors of the National Registry of
Emergency Medical Technicians for achieving 20 consecutive years as a Nationally
Registered EMT and paramedic.

To maintain his status as a Nationally Registered Paramedic, Preuss completes,
on a biennial basis, a comprehensive re-certification program for Emergency
Medical Technicians in America.

Preuss also attends a minimum of two hours per month of additional continuing
education to advance his knowledge on lifesaving skills.

Pioneer Staff Reports

___ (c)2014 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140719-JI-Business-Briefs-for-07-19-2014-0719-20140719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2014 Bemidji Pioneer


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 30, 2002 Friday

Counties declared disaster areas; Flash floods: Farmers in designated areas have
8 months to apply for loans and other assistance

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman announced Thursday that six counties in
Iowa were designated disaster areas in response to severe storms, heavy rains
and flash flooding that occurred from June 3 through 7.

Counties declared primary disaster areas are Clayton, Clinton, Delaware,
Jackson, Jones and Scott.

Allamakee, Buchanan, Cedar, Dubuque, Fayette, Linn, Muscatine and Winneshiek
counties are also eligible for assistance because they are contiguous.

Veneman also designated counties in Kansas, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma and
Texas agricultural disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers immediately
eligible for U.S. Department of Agriculture low-interest emergency loans.

"The Bush Administration continues to expedite relief for farmers and ranchers
across the country," Veneman said in a prepared statement. "This assistance will
provide needed assistance to farmers and ranchers who have suffered losses due
to natural disasters."

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for the loans to help cover part of their actual losses. The
agriculture department's Farm Service Agency will consider each loan application
on its own merit, taking into account the extent of losses, security available
and repayment ability.

The agriculture department has a variety of programs available to help eligible
farmers recover from disasters. Other programs include the Emergency
Conservation Program, which helps producers rehabilitate farmlands damaged by
natural disasters; the Federal Crop Insurance program, which provides
indemnities for production and revenue losses; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program, which provides financial assistance to eligible producers
affected by natural disasters.

Interested farmers may contact their local Farm Service Agency offices for
further information on eligibility requirements and application procedures.
Additional information also is available at: www.fsa.usda.gov/pas/
disaster/assistance1.htm.


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Ann Veneman

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 24, 1984, Tuesday, Final Edition

USDA

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; Inside; A11

LENGTH: 566 words


No matter which way it turns, the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) just can't
seem to make its clients happy with its pinch-penny loan policies.

The National Farmers Union and its Minnesota affiliate want FmHA chief Charles
W. Shuman and his boss, Agriculture Undersecretary Frank W. Naylor Jr., to
resign. North Dakota farmers want a congressional investigation of FmHA lending
activity. Farmers from Kentucky and other states are irate.

The problem this time: under orders from the Office of Management and Budget,
FmHA is releasing only $50 million from a pot of $600 million for direct loans
to farmers under a court-reinstated emergency loan program. The OMB has decreed
that the other $550 million be set aside for guaranteed loans. The program,
suspended by Agriculture Secretary John R. Block in fiscal 1981, was reopened in
December on orders of a federal judge here. Farm groups cheered, thinking that
the full $600 million would be available at low interest rates for farmers who
can't borrow from commercial lenders.

Shuman said that was the idea, but that FmHA was overruled by the OMB despite an
appeal. Even though Shuman says it won't happen, farm groups think that the
decision will mean higher interest rates for farmers who are forced to seek the
guaranteed loans from banks. For deficit-minded OMB director David A. Stockman,
that's a bonus. Guaranteed loans don't show up as budget outlays.***

SPACE WARS . . . What with the flaps over the high cost of farm programs, grain
surpluses, marketing orders, slumping farm export sales, tainted school lunch
beef, avian influenza, dangerous pesticides and a raft of other problems, the
White House has its hands full, right? Well, yes. But now another hot one has
landed on President Reagan's desk. He is being asked to settle a dispute between
the Agriculture Department and the General Services Administration. Believe it
or not, it's over space for bureaucrats.

Block has appealed to Reagan to overrule a GSA decision that would transfer
about 1,000 Agriculture employes from near-downtown digs to remote quarters in
suburban Maryland.

The employes, assigned to the Economic Research Service, now are housed in
rented space in a building about three blocks from USDA headquarters. But the
lease expires in July and the owner needs the building for its use. GSA,
meanwhile, has empty office space in Hyattsville and wants to lodge the ERS
there. Block is arguing that he needs the economists at his elbow downtown. GSA
has sent its version--that the move will save money--to Reagan as well.

"A majority of our people live in Virginia, and this could mess them up," one
ERS official said. "But we want to be close to headquarters. When you're out of
sight, you're out of mind."***

NAMES, FACES . . . . Clare Harris, a horticulture specialist, has been named
associate administrator of the Cooperative State Research Service, up from
deputy administrator . . . . Bruce Cone, an agricultural scientist and alfalfa
grower from Kennewick, Wash., is the new deputy assistant secretary for science
and education. His credentials include duty as a "senior scientist" on the
Reagan election transition team in 1980-1981 . . . . Earl Cox, who left USDA
last year because of health problems, is back as a special assistant to
Assistant Secretary Wilmer D. Mizell. In his earlier tour, Cox was a public
affairs aide.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday

County among natural disaster areas due to heat wave

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 256 words


Butte County is among the counties designated as natural disaster areas by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture due to record-setting heat wave that occurred
July 1-31, 2006.

This makes all qualified farm operators in these designated areas eligible to
apply for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency.

Farmers in designated counties have eight months from the date of the
declaration (Sept. 7, 2006) to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for more
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for all Farm
Service Agency programs. More information is available online at:
http://disaster.fsa.usda.govs

The eligible counties are: Butte, Calaveras, Fresno, Glenn, Imperial, Kern,
Kings, Madera, Merced, San Bernardino, Solano, Sonoma, Stanislaus, Sutter,
Tehama, and Tulare.

The following counties are also eligible because they are contiguous:

Alameda, Alpine, Amador, Colusa, Contra Costa, Inyo, Lake,

Los Angeles, Marin, Mariposa, Mendocino, Mono, Monterey, Napa, Orange, Placer,
Plumas, Riverside, Sacramento, San Benito, San Diego, San Joaquin, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara, Shasta, Trinity, Tuolumne, Ventura, Yolo,
Yuba.

In adjacent states, the following counties are also eligible: In Arizona: La
Paz, Mohave, and Yuma counties. In Nevada, Clark County.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

PRESS RELEASE - Monitoring of Water Resources to Continue

LENGTH: 1404  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston:  Town of Winchester, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:



  Commonwealth of Massachusetts

 Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs

 Governor Charles D. Baker

 Lt. Governor Karyn E. Polito

 Secretary Matthew A. Beaton



 Press Release Contact: Katie Gronendyke -- 617-626-1129 or
katie.gronendyke@state.ma.us



 Drought Conditions Continue for Large Portions of Commonwealth, Western Region
Increased to Drought Watch

 Monitoring of Water Resources to Continue, Water Conservation by Public
Necessary



 BOSTON  - October 7, 2016 - With large portions of Massachusetts continuing to
experience rainfall amounts remaining below average for a seventh straight
month, Energy and Environmental Affairs (EEA) Secretary Matthew Beaton today
declared the following drought levels throughout the Commonwealth: a Drought
Warning for the Connecticut River Valley, Central, Northeast, and Southeast
Massachusetts, unchanged for the Central, Northeast and Southeast Regions, and
up from a Drought Watch for the Connecticut River Valley in September; and a
Drought Watch for the Cape and Islands and Western Massachusetts, up from a
Drought Advisory for Western Massachusetts and unchanged for the Cape and
Islands in September. The declaration was the result of a recommendation issued
from a recent meeting of the Drought Management Task Force, comprised of state,
federal and local officials, and will remain in effect until water levels return
to normal in the affected regions.





 "Most of Massachusetts received very little precipitation during the month of
September, preventing needed relief from the ongoing drought conditions
currently being experienced throughout much of the state," said Energy and
Environmental Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton. "Water reservoirs, groundwater,
streamflow, and soil moisture levels continue to decline, severely impacting the
Commonwealth's riverine habitats and fisheries, agricultural sector, and
elevating the risk of fire. Now more important than ever, we all must administer
best water conservation practices to avoid additional stress on our drinking
water sources and other water dependent habitats."



 "As widespread drought conditions continue into October, the Massachusetts
Emergency Management Agency is asking the public, including those with private
wells, to conserve water by reducing indoor and outdoor water usage. Water
conservation is necessary to help address the reduced reservoir and ground water
levels in many areas of the state," said Massachusetts Emergency Management
Agency (MEMA) Director Kurt Schwartz. "In addition, because the extremely dry
conditions have increased the threat of brush and wildland fires, the public is
urged to exercise extreme caution when using matches, charcoal grills, and other
open flames during outdoor activities."



 A Drought Warning, as outlined in the Massachusetts Drought Management Plan,
indicates consecutive months of groundwater, stream flow, and reservoir levels
being below normal, and initiates a much more concerted set of government
responses including instating water restrictions, and more intensified
monitoring and coordination between the agencies. Areas within the Drought
Warning are currently experiencing precipitation levels below normal for six out
of seven consecutive months. The declaration of a Drought Watch represents
extremely low groundwater and streamflow levels resulting from prolonged periods
of precipitation deficit, including a lack of snowfall in the winter months. The
declaration of a Drought Watch warrants detailed monitoring of drought
conditions, close coordination among state and federal agencies, and technical
outreach and assistance for the affected municipalities.





 While certain sub-regions within Northeast and Southeast Massachusetts are
experiencing much more severe impacts, and areas within the Cape and Islands
region are experiencing more optimal conditions, the state continues to
intensely monitor and assess the drought situation, and any associated
environmental and agricultural impacts. Furthermore, the state asks the public
to be mindful of the amount of water they are using, and to eliminate or greatly
reduce outdoor water use to ensure essential needs such as drinking water, fire
protection, and crop hydration are being met.



 For Regions in Drought Warning:

 o Outdoor water use should be eliminated.



 For Regions in Drought Watch:

 o Outdoor water use should be limited to "handheld watering" with a hose or a
watering can after 5pm or before 9am (to avoid evaporative losses); and

 o Filling swimming pools, washing cars and washing buildings should be
prohibited.



 For Regions in Drought Advisory:

 o Outdoor watering with irrigation systems and sprinklers should be limited to
no more than one day per week; and

 o Watering with a handheld hose should be limited to after 5pm or before 9 am
(to avoid evaporative losses).



 The Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection's (MassDEP) permits
exempt certain water uses from mandatory restrictions, including: for health or
safety reasons; the production of food and fiber; the maintenance of livestock;
and to meet the core functions of a business. MassDEP continues to provide
technical assistance to communities on managing systems, including assistance on
use of emergency connections and water supplies, as well as assisting towns on
how to request a declaration of drought emergency.



 "MassDEP strongly encourages suppliers to keep outdoor restrictions in place
into October," said Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection
Commissioner Martin Suuberg. "The prolonged drought created a significant water
deficit that will need time and a return to normal precipitation patterns to
replenish."



 To aid farmers and other small businesses, the Baker-Polito Administration
launched the Massachusetts Drought Emergency Loan Fund, and continues to work
closely with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Farm Service
Agency. As a result of USDA primary agricultural disaster designations due to
losses caused by drought, all Massachusetts counties are now eligible for
federal emergency loans through the Farm Service Agency to help recover from
crop losses. Additionally, all Massachusetts counties are eligible for federal
emergency loans as a result of a USDA primary agricultural disaster designation
due to crop losses of tree fruits like peaches that were caused by frost and
freeze occurring between February and May.



 "The ongoing drought conditions continue to adversely affect farmers across
Massachusetts," said Department of Agricultural Resources Commissioner John
Lebeaux. "We are committed to working with these farmers to connect them with
the resources they need during this challenging time. Despite the difficult
growing conditions, Massachusetts farms, nurseries and greenhouses continue to
produce plenty of high-quality agricultural products, and we strongly encourage
all residents to buy local this fall to support our hard-working farmers."



 Task Force officials noted that while reservoir levels, especially smaller
systems, are low for this time of year, the Massachusetts Water Resources
Authority (MWRA) water supply system is not currently experiencing drought
conditions, as defined within its individual plan.



 "The Massachusetts Water Resource Authority's source reservoirs are still
within normal levels; however, the minimal rainfall we have had has not really
added up to much," said MWRA Executive Director Fred Laskey. "We continue to
encourage residents and businesses within our service area to conserve water in
their daily routine."



 The declaration of a Drought Warning, Drought Watch, and Drought Advisory
requires the Drought Management Task Force to meet on a regular basis to more
closely assess conditions across the state, coordinate dissemination of
information to the public, and help state, federal and local agencies prepare
any responses that may be needed in the future. The Task Force will next meet in
November. For further information on water conservation and what you can do,
visit the Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs' drought page,
the Department of Conservation and Recreation's drought management page, and the
MassDEP Water Conservation page.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

Arundel Digest

SECTION: ARUNDELREPORT; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 522  words


Officials: Manatee still in Patapsco

BALTIMORE - As the temperature cools, National Aquarium officials are beginning
to worry about the health of a manatee they say is likely still swimming in the
Patapsco River.

The aquarium has had several reports this summer and fall of a manatee in the
river. At one point it was spotted near Harbor Hospital just north of the Anne
Arundel-Baltimore City line.

"We have received several reports of manatee sightings over the past three
weeks, but they are scattered and no photographic evidence exists," aquarium
stranding coordinator Jennifer Dittmar said in a statement.

"We are working very closely with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service out of
Florida, but without photos and consistent sightings, we are having trouble
tracking its movements and assessing its health," Dittmar said.

The manatee could get into trouble soon if it gets too cold. Water temperature
in the Patapsco Friday morning was about 55 degrees, according to a monitoring
buoy in the river.

Anyone who spots the manatee is urged to report the sighting and take
photographs if possible. Manatees are large, gray mammals. Observers should look
for nostrils or a smooth back occasionally popping out above the waterline.

If the manatee is found, the aquarium and wildlife officials will assess its
health; they may attempt to rescue it from the river and send it back to its
native Florida.

The aquarium can be reached at 410-373-0083 or marp@aqua.org

Charter amendment to be introduced

ANNAPOLIS - Alderman Dick Israel, D-Ward 1, will introduce legislation at
tomorrow's City Council meeting that will change the city's political structure
if passed.

His charter amendment would remove the mayor as the head of the council and add
a ninth alderman. The mayor would gain veto power, but the council could
overrule any vetoed bills with a two-thirds majority.

Israel said his proposal would allow greater scrutiny of the budget. Under the
current system the mayor writes his budget, reviews it with the rest of the
council and then votes on it. The proposed charter amendment would create a
separation of powers and checks and balances, Israel said.

The meeting begins at 7:30 p.m. in Council Chambers at 160 Duke of Gloucester
St.

Farmers get federal drought relief

Federal emergency loans are available to help the region's farm operators
overcome last summer's drought, Rep. Steny H. Hoyer, D-Mechanicsville, announced
Friday.

U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack issued a disaster declaration for the
state.

The move triggers release of federal assistance to help farmers recover from
losses caused by drought and excessive heat during one of the hottest summers on
record.

In announcing the move, Hoyer said the declaration includes all of the counties
in the 5th Congressional District - Anne Arundel, Calvert, Charles, Prince
George's and St. Mary's.

A secretarial disaster designation allows farm operators to apply for Farm
Service Agency relief, Hoyer's office stated. Assistance includes emergency
loans and supplemental revenue assistance.

There are 12,834 farms in Maryland, 1,939 of them in Hoyer's district.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

IBAA Seeks Further Direct Farm Aid from Congress

                            February 1, 1999, Monday

By LAURA PAVLENKO LUTTON


The Independent Bankers Association of America is urging Congress and the
Clinton administration to pledge more direct aid to struggling farmers.

The President is to unveil his budget for fiscal year 2000 this week, and the
trade group is asking Congress to work with him to increase funding for
agriculture.

Earmarking additional money to farmers up-front, the group argued, would supply
peace of mind to bankers, who worry that farmers will not be able to repay their
loans. It could also help avoid a repeat of last fall's political showdown, when
Congress battled over an eventual $7 billion emergency aid package to farmers,
said Mark K. Scanlan, a lobbyist for the IBAA.

"It would alleviate lenders' concerns in farm country if this was taken care of
in advance," Mr. Scanlan said.

In a letter to Rep. Larry Combest, R-Tex., chairman of the House Agriculture
Committee, IBAA president Bill McQuillan said the trade group expects crop
prices to remain low this year due to crop surpluses and global turmoil that has
cut demand for U.S. farm products.

To offset low prices, the IBAA wants Congress to pledge several billion dollars
in payments to farmers, thus guaranteeing them cash flow. Without such an
advance guarantee, it would be more difficult for bankers to extend credit to
farmers, the letter said.

The Department of Agriculture's budget for this fiscal year is about $54.3
billion. Its proposed budget for next year will be announced today.

The IBAA is also asking Congress to increase funding for some popular loan
guarantee programs. The Farm Service Agency programs, which guarantee both farm
real estate loans and operating lines of credit, typically run out of funds each
year, said Mr. Scanlan, the lobbyist.

Now that the agricultural economy has weakened, Mr. Scanlan said, he expects
rural banks to rely on the programs even more.

"There was barely enough funding last year, and now we have all of these extra
factors," he said. "It makes a lot of sense to have a better-funded program."

The IBAA also wants Congress to improve crop insurance laws so that policies
better protect farmers from losses.

Many farmers do not buy crop insurance because it is too expensive and does not
protect against low prices or consecutive years of bad weather.

Congress should also push for better export markets for U.S. crops and protect
American farmers with additional payments should exports remain soft in 1999,
the IBAA said.

One agricultural banker favors direct payments to farmers for the short term but
said they would not solve the industry's long-term woes.

Gary Weirauch, president of Citizens State Bank of Loyal (Wis.), said improving
the nation's crop insurance laws may be the best way to help farmers-and their
lenders-in the long run.

"We need to get that up and moving so farmers can protect themselves," Mr.
Weirauch said. "It's a better long-term solution than these gifting programs."

Whether Congress will grant the IBAA requests is uncertain. Mr. Scanlan said he
expects lawmakers to set aside some funds to overhaul crop insurance programs.
Congress may not, however, approve more direct payments to farmers, especially
after the big emergency aid program in October, he said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 555 words

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                February 6, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 283  words


FEDERAL Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce is sitting on a pot of $40 million
which should be deployed for emergency drought funding according to the man he
replaced, former agriculture minister Joel Fitzgibbon.

In December, Mr Joyce released a statement announcing the continuation of
Labor's Farm Finance package and committed to extend the funding to Tasmania.

In that statement he said "we also have a $40m reserve of funds ready in 2014-15
to allocate to areas of greatest need should conditions change".

Mr Joyce recently toured drought affected regions of NSW and Queensland, telling
farmers he would take their concerns to cabinet.

This week Mr Joyce announced he was preparing to bring forward drought measures.

Mr Fitzgibbon said Mr Joyce can release the Farm Finance money now.

"The additional money could flow quickly - and for many farm families every day
counts," he said.

"Barnaby Joyce continues to publicly call on his cabinet colleagues to act but
one simple act by him would make an additional $40m available immediately."

Under the Farm Finance concessional Loans Scheme, a concessional loan with an
interest rate of 4.5 per cent is available for debt restructuring or investment
in on-farm productivity enhancement.

A total of $420m is allocated to be divided between the states by 2015.

The loans run for a maximum period of five years, requiring interest-only
repayments.

At the end of the five-year concessional interest rate period, the loan funds
need to be repaid.

When asked about releasing the $40m immediately, a Department of Agriculture
spokesman responded: "The Australian government is committed to ensuring the
appropriate support for farmers is available when they need it."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Woodward News (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Senators show support for area

BYLINE: Rachael Van Horn, The Woodward News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1155 words


March 11--Two United States Senators gathered on Friday morning with numerous
other agencies, the Oklahoma Forestry Service personnel and Woodward County
Emergency Manager Matt Lehenbauer in a joint effort to coordinate help for
Northwest Oklahomans devastated by historic wildfires.

Senators James Lankford and Jim Inhofe, both Republicans, arrived for a press
conference after both separately flew over the large swaths of land in Oklahoma
that have been destroyed by the recent Starbuck, 283 and Selman fires that make
up the Northwest Oklahoma Complex fires.

"This morning we flew one of my planes up here to really see first hand what was
going on and if you look up behind us, we went up into Kansas and kind of made a
circle around all of the devastated areas. I have to tell you that I have done
that over the last 30 years. I haven't missed one. I am talking about tornadoes,
fires. I have never seen the level of devastation that we have seen here. I
think it's unprecedented," Inhofe said.

Both legislators made it their goal on Friday to leave Washington shortly after
voting late on Thursday so they could come and spend time viewing the destroyed
regions as well as talking with ranchers and residents who have, in some cases,
lost everything.

"I got into my house last night about 12:15 a.m.. Our last votes were late in
the day yesterday. And for us to get back from D.C. and be able to get up here
was a natural response quite frankly. This is a primary of need. We are glad to
not be strangers here," Lankford said.

Also in attendance were Oklahoma Sen. Bryce Marlatt, former Oklahoma Speaker
Jeff Hickman, Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Jim Reese, Rep. Carl Newton, and
Rep. Casey Murdock .

During the meeting, the fires were still active and being battled by many
volunteer departments from as far away as Florida.

The reason for the meeting, said Lehenbauer, was to begin to make public the
many efforts to bring relief for ranchers and residents of Northwest Oklahoma
who have suffered tragic losses of life, cattle, equipment, homes and grazing
land.

Over the last two days, numerous private donations of hay, fencing supplies,
cattle medications as well as zero interest bridge loans by area bankers have
been made available through local organizations.

But also Inhofe,  Lankford and Lehenbauer wanted to emphasize the availability
of federal money to help to ranchers who have suffered devastating losses. They
said ranches can apply through the Farm Service Agency for programs such as the
Livestock Indemnity Program, which can reimburse ranchers for up to 75 percent
of the value of the cattle they lost in the fire. The Emergency Conservation
program can provide a cost share assistance to rebuilt fences and other
infrastructure.

"I want to emphasize the Okcattlemen.org. website because these guys are going
to need the help," Lehenbauer said. "The economy has already been hurting here.
We've got the drought situation on top of the ice storm and everything else.
They've lost their homes, they've lost their business...I know that we have
several people, over 100 I have talked to already, who have said they were at a
bankruptcy level on their ranches in this area."

According to Lankford, work is just beginning on a recovery that will likely
take years and both Inhofe and Lankford wanted to show their support in finding
help and answers for aid in the coming months.

"We wanted to be able to stand here with the families and with the community,"
Lankford said. "And be able to first say thank you to the firefighters and the
forestry service and the folks that have engaged -- the friends and neighbors
that got their own personal equipment out and created fire lines. When you go
across it as Sen. Inhofe did this morning -- I did as well -- I just wanted to
be able to fly all three fires and take a look at it from the air. The
overwhelming sense is the size of it."

Inhofe and Lankford encouraged ranchers to call into their local Farm Service
Agency offices and request the help they need, even if it is getting the help
they need to fill out applications for aid.

"In the days ahead, I want to remind you...some of the disaster relief requests
are time limited. So you have to get the paperwork in within a certain time,"
Lankford said. "There will be a sense of, 'let's try to get everything together,
let's try to get everything done at home and then later we will turn to it.'  I
hate to say it but some of these things you need to take a look at sooner than
later. Some of them are less than a month to be able to get the initial
paperwork out and get the initial response."

After the press conference, Lankford drove out to a ranch north of Woodward
where there were reported large losses of more than 200 cattle, 5,000 acres of
grazing land and their home. While there, Lankford took the time to talk with
several ranchers and learned first-hand what they were dealing with and looking
at long-term.

At the time of the conference, the Starbuck fire had consumed 623,000 acres, the
283 fire had consumed 72,000 acres, the Selman fire north of Woodward had burned
48,000 acres and the Beaver fire had consumed about 3,000 acres, according to
Oklahoma Forestry Northwest Oklahoma Complex fire incident commander Drew Daily.

"All those fires combined right there have a footprint the size of the state of
Rhode Island plus the size of the footprint of New York City," Daily said.

Daily described the Selman fire as being about 25 percent contained, the
Starbuck fire as being 10 percent contained and the 283 fire as being 10 percent
contained and the Beaver fire is about 25 percent contained. He defined
containment as when a fire is out and will withstand several days of high fire
danger weather and not reignite.

"Being an Oklahoman and responding to several of the fires that have occurred
here in the past several years I would have to say the word that best describes
the community up here is resilient and I think those would have to be all
capital letters," Daily said.

For information about FSA programs go to
https://www.fsa.usda.gov/programs-and-services/disaster-assistance-program/index
. Ranchers are encouraged to call their local FSA offices and let the personnel
there know they may be needing assistance.

Farm Credit of Western Oklahoma initiated a program this week that also will
allow ranchers to step into the bank and get a no interest load for 18 months.

"It is a loan program we initiated today and it is basically come in, we hand
you a check and see you in 18 months," said Kristin Zollinger of Farm Credit of
Western Oklahoma.

The loans will likely be based on the status of the rancher's requests for
federal assistance. They will serve as bridge loans so that fencing and hay can
be taken care of immediately, she said.

___ (c)2017 The Woodward News (Woodward, Okla.) Visit The Woodward News
(Woodward, Okla.) at woodwardnews.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170311-ZR-Senators-show-support-for-area-0311-20170311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZR


                        Copyright 2017 The Woodward News


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 14, 1994, Thursday

THE FLOOD OF '94: AN ONGOING CRISIS Millions in aid, loans pledged for recovery

BYLINE: Julia Malone

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 206 words


Albany - The aid package that President Clinton promised Wednesday includes:

$ 11.6 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for relief
ranging from cleaning up debris to paying for sandbags and providing emergency
water, food and shelter. Of this, $ 9.6 million would be for Georgia, $ 1
million for Florida and $ 1 million for Alabama.

$ 12.5 million in emergency federal money to rebuild highways. Of this, $ 10
million would go to Georgia and $ 2.5 million to Alabama.

$ 38 million in temporary loans to public-housing authorities to rehabilitate
homes damaged by floods. There also would be up to $ 100 million in loans from
existing Housing and Urban Development programs for communities. No
state-by-state breakdown was available.

$ 4 million in Job Training Partnership Grants to pay workers, dislocated by the
floods, to help in the cleanup. The total amount is allocated for Georgia.

Clinton said he will ask Congress to approve a plan to repay farm losses at a
rate of 100 percent above the standard deductible for federal crop insurance
programs. That is the same rate paid to Midwest farmers, although previously the
federal government had paid only 50 cents on the dollar for such losses.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942000181

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 7, 1998, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Senate GOP sends Clinton $ 4.1 billion farm deal;
Veto probable: President and Senate Democrats had planned on $ 7.3 billion.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: Washington


As lawmakers scrambled to finish spending bills this week and go home for
congressional elections, Senate Republicans sent their $ 4.1 billion farm aid
package to President Clinton on Tuesday despite his admonition "not to leave
town" before adding more money. Clinton and the Democrats have pushed a $ 7.3
billion plan that would rely mostly on giving farmers an extra $ 5 billion
through a program that subsidizes growers when commodity prices fall below set
levels. The 55-43 Senate vote for the smaller package sets the stage for
Clinton's certain presidential veto, because its $ 4 billion in emergency aid
for U.S. farmers staggered by lower crop prices is $ 3 billion less than the
president wants. It also means the $ 61.3 billion overall agriculture spending
bill, to which the relief package is attached, is on hold until lawmakers reach
an agreement, which must come before adjournment.

The House passed the overall agriculture bill on Friday by an overwhelming
333-53.

Sen. Max Cleland (D-Ga.) voted against the conference report Tuesday, terming
disaster aid levels "grossly inadequte. . . . Our farmers need and deserve much
more."

Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.) voted in favor. "This package is good for Georgia
farmers," he said, "and I urge President Clinton to withdraw his foolish veto
threat and support drought relief."

Republicans claim the Democratic farm aid proposal is a throwback to the days
before the 1996 farm law when subsidies were tied to crop production. Instead,
the Republican package offers a mix of disaster relief and about $ 1.7 billion
in direct payments to farmers. Farmers in the upper Midwest would get about $
675 million to help with a series of crop failures over the past five years.

The aid package passed Tuesday includes two amendments by Rep. Saxby Chambliss
(R-Ga.): to allow farmers who have received not more than one debt forgiveness
to be eligible for emergency loans, and to reduce the 100 percent collateral
requirement for the same loans. American farmers are facing their worst
financial crisis in more than a decade. The government predicts farm income will
drop nearly 16 percent this year to $ 42 billion.

Accusations flew as legislators scurried to complete the nine remaining spending
bills for fiscal 1998, which began Thursday. But few expect a partial federal
shutdown when stopgap spending authority expires Saturday.

The House voted 409-14 to approve a $ 93.4 billion measure financing housing,
veterans and environmental programs.  Remaining contested issues include how the
2000 census will be conducted; whether and under what conditions the United
States should give $ 18 billion to the International Monetary Fund; and whether
Clinton should get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in additional funds for education
and other social programs.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 6, 1994 Sunday

LENGTH: 488 words


FARGO (AP) Ä Federal loansare going to be more accessible to family farmers once
the U.S. Department of Agriculture is reorganized. But fat cat ""farmers'' who
abused the system in the past need no longer apply. Mike Dunn, head of Farmers
Home Administration, told delegates to the National Farmers Union convention
Saturday that he inherited millions of dollars in delinquent loans made under
the economic emergency loan program.

""There were multimillion dollar loans going to fat cats that should never have
been made,'' said Dunn, who fought the Bush administration's farm credit
policies as director of the National Farmers Union in Washington. ""The old
administration didn't want to service those loans because of who those
individuals were,'' said Dunn. Some were millionaire farmers, others had
six-figure incomes from off-farm jobs. No longer, said Dunn. ""Neither this
agency nor the new Farm Service Agency will coddle the fat cat at the expense of
family farmers.'' The agency has set a $300,000 loan limit, for one thing. For
another, said Dunn, Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy wants the agency to get back
to its original mission: providing credit for new farmers, poor farmers and
minorities and women unable to get credit from mainstream sources. ""Those who
abuse the system are going to find a "not welcome' sign at the front door,''
said Dunn, adding that Espy had appointed a collections task force ""to go after
these guys and get every penny we can get.'' That could be a job for
agricultural mediation programs, which the Clinton budget seeks to abolish.
""We're taking a second look at it,'' Dunn said in a later interview. ""We do
have studies that show for each dollar we spend on ag mediation, the government
receives $3 in benefit back. Especially as we look at these new, large loans
we're trying to get off the books, ag mediation could be used to get all these
creditors together.'' Dunn will no longer oversee the FmHA once the Agriculture
Department is reorganized. There will be no FmHA. ""The Secretary says it makes
more sense for farm credit to be with other farm programs, so there is a
definite one-stop center. Now there are 1,700 FmHA county offices. When USDA
restructuring is over, there will be 2,500 Farm Service Agency service
centers.'' Many FmHA employees will transfer to the new FSA, and Dunn said
cross-training and technological improvements would allow loans to be made
locally. Instead of farm credit, Dunn will supervise the five rural development
agencies that fall under the FmHA. Rural electric, telephone, sewer and water
programs will be consolidated under one agency, he said. Rural housing and
community facilities Ä jails, hospitals, and other public buildings Ä will be
consolidated under a second. And a third agency will oversee business and
industrial development in rural areas. The National Farmers Union 92nd
anniversary convention continues through Monday.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 7, 1985 Thursday

INTERNATIONAL REPORT   U.S. farm loans

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 88 words


The Reagan Administration has announced additional assistance for farmers
 in financial difficulty.

Agriculture Secretary John Block said the new steps will include
 allowing rural banks to lower the interest rate on $650-million (U.S.) of
 existing loans in order to obtain new federal loan guarantees.

Other changes announced include creation of an emergency credit program
 under which the Farmers Home Administration will guarantee up to 90 per
 cent of farm operating loans to farmers holding debt with failed lending
 institutions.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             October 4, 2010 Monday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 495 words


Storms make 6 counties eligible for disaster loans

Six counties in Western New York and Pennsylvania, including Cattaraugus and
Chautauqua in Western New York, have been designated primary natural disaster
areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, according to
James Barber, state executive director for the agency.

The counties, which also include Warren, Clarion, Venango and York counties in
Pennsylvania, received the designation because of a late season frost May 8
through 10 and a storm with hail May 14.

The designation makes all qualified farm operators eligible for low-interest
emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency. Farmers have until March 16 to
apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Center for further
information and eligibility requirements.

***

Co-owner of microbrewery to speak at Lions Club

WILSON -- Tim Woodcock, one of the owners of the new Woodcock Brothers Brewing
Co. planned for the vacant, century-old Cold Storage Building on Lake Street, is
the guest speaker at 7 p.m. today at the Wilson Lions Club meeting.

The meeting is slated for the Wilson House Inn and the public is invited. Dinner
will be available.

Woodcock and his wife, Debbie, of Wilson, and his brother, Mark, and his wife,
Andrea, of Youngstown, are behind the creation of Wilson's first microbrewery,
scheduled to open next summer. The project is estimated to cost $1.3 million and
also includes the creation of a small restaurant and plenty of rental retail
space in the nearly 50,000-square-foot complex.

For more information on the Lions Club or on tonight's meeting, call Jim at
628-8052.

***

World on your Plate forum to focus on food issues

The seventh annual World on Your Plate food forum will be held on Friday and
Saturday in the Wick Campus Center on the Daemen College campus, 4380 Main St.,
Amherst.

From 6 to 10 p.m. Friday, a vegan dinner reception will be held and there will
be a showing of the documentary "Living Downstream," based on the book by Sandra
Steingraber, an expert on the environmental links to cancer and reproductive
health.

The program on Saturday, which runs from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., will include a
morning keynote address by Anna Lappe, author of "Diet for a Hot Planet," and an
afternoon address by Steingraber. There will be workshops that include Community
Gardens, Organic Apiculture, Living Roofs, Holistic Health and more.

Also presenting that afternoon will be Caesandra Seawell, director of community
programs at Buffalo ReUse; Margaret Mitchell, functional medicine specialist;
and Michael Schade, PVC Campaign coordinator for the Center for Health,
Environment and Justice, who will bring 25-foot-tall Betty, the Be Safe Ducky,
to publicize the dangers of PVC.

The cost is $25 in advance and $30 at the door. Students with ID are free, but
must preregister. For more information and to register, visit
www.worldonyourplate.org.plate.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 3, 2010 Monday

Drought help available

BYLINE: Greg Stiles, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


May 3--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Klamath County as a
natural disaster area because of losses caused by continuous drought and related
disasters.

Farmers and ranchers in Jackson, Deschutes, Douglas, Lake and Lane counties also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because they are contiguous to Klamath
County, as are farmers in Northern California's Modoc and Siskiyou counties.

Klamath County was designated a natural disaster area Friday, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated and nearby areas eligible for low
interest emergency loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency, provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses.

The Farm Service Agency considers each loan application on its own merits,
taking into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability. There are additional programs as well to help eligible farmers recover.

Interested farmers should contact local USDA Service Centers for information on
eligibility requirements and application procedures.

Jackson County enquiries should be made to 541-776-4270. Additional information
is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

-- Greg Stiles

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100503-ME-Drought-help-available-0503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2010 Mail Tribune


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Heppner Gazette-Times (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 29, 2012

FSA provides assistance to livestock producers

BYLINE: Heppner Gazette-Times staff

LENGTH: 294  words


Morrow County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Kyle Carnine
announced Monday that special provisions will be made to the FSA emergency loan
program and to the Risk Management Agency (RMA) federal crop insurance program
in order to provide greater flexibility for livestock producers facing forage
and feed shortages as a result of drought.

On August 22, Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced that modifications
will be made to the emergency loan program, allowing them to be made earlier in
the season. In the past, emergency loan eligibility was determined after the
production cycle.

Producers will no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to
obtain a loan. This change will support producers who currently need assistance
to help offset high production costs.

Vilsack also announced that a special provision will be made to the federal crop
insurance program through RMA that will allow producers to hay or graze cover
crops without forfeiting crop insurance eligibility on planted 2013 spring
crops. This change is beneficial to livestock producers, making forage and feed
available this fall and winter. However, before making any plans to plant crop
cover, producers should consult with their insurance agent, according to RMA.

"Adding more flexibility to current program requirements will make much-needed
assistance more readily available to producers affected by disaster," said
Carnine. "These changes, in particular, should benefit livestock producers who
are facing higher feed costs or are at risk of liquidating their herd due to the
drought," she said.

For more information regarding special provisions to the emergency loan program,
contact the Morrow County FSA office at 541-676-9011 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HGT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Heppner Gazette-Times


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday

Storm-damaged farmers eligible for aid

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 185 words


Most of the counties in the Sacramento Valley are among 29 named eligible for
federal emergency farm loans for losses from this spring's heavy rainfall.

Butte, Glenn and Tehama counties were included in the emergency designation by
the Secretary of Agriculture, severe weather conditions, which occurred from
Dec. 17, 2005, through April 26

Farmers have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. To be eligible, they must:

-- Have suffered at least a 30 percent loss of normal production directly
related to the rain

-- Be able to repay the loan and any other loans,

-- Be unable to obtain credit elsewhere

-- Have adequate security

-- Have multiperil crop insurance, if available.

All applicants must complete a certification of disaster losses, which reflects
the exact dates and nature damage.

Crop insurance field reports may be a source for documenting losses directly
related to the cited cause.

Applications should be filed with the FSA Service Center at 132-A N. Enright
Ave., Willows, CA, 95988. Or phone 934-4669, Ext. 2.

Information is available online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

$60m offered for relief

BYLINE: KATE DOWLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 328 words


FARM LOANS

FARMERS will be able to access loans at up to 3 per cent below average
commercial interest rates under the Federal Government's assistance package.

The Government has committed to lend $60 million over two years to each state's
agency so they can provide concessional loans to eligible farm businesses.

The announcement follows Queensland declaring drought across a third of the
state on Monday, many Victorian dairy farmers and fruit growers battling to
survive and with up to 1000 West Australian grain growers facing bankruptcy.

Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan said the Farm Finance package would give farmers
struggling with acute debts a ``fairer deal for accessing finance and a chance
to prepare their businesses for the future''.

It includes concessional loans of up to $650,000 to eligible farmers to
restructure debts. They would need to demonstrate financial need and capacity to
meet debt repayments and participate in farm business planning.

Mr Swan also encouraged states to support the package and consider matching it.

A spokesman for Victorian Farmers Federation welcomed the move and said it
expected the loans to be 2-3 per cent below average commercial interest rates,
over 20-year terms, but reverting to commercial rates after five years.

Meanwhile, Farmer Power called on Victorian Premier Denis Napthine to match the
Federal Government's farm assistance package.

``We support the decisions made by the Federal Government to provide ongoing low
interest loans for farmers,'' Dr Napthine said.

But when asked if the state would match the deal provided by the Federal
Government, a State Government spokesperson said: ``Business support during
times of drought, natural disaster and exceptional circumstance has always been
the responsibility of the Commonwealth.''

Last week the WA Government announced a $7.8 million emergency aid package. WA
Farmers Federation welcomed it but said it did not address long-term challenges.

A new era of aid, Page 20

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 8, 1998 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Summit says ag prices must increase

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 509 words


OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- The bottom line for United States agri- culture is that
prices must increase and international trade must be made fair, government
representa- tives from 16 Great Plains states said Friday.  "This crisis that
threatens Ameri- can agriculture affects us all," Gov. Ben Nelson of Nebraska
said follow- ing the daylong Plains States Sum- mit in Oklahoma City on Friday.

The summit was called to discuss the financial crisis affecting the na- tion's
farmers and to draft proposed solutions. Members of the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture and the estimated 200 summit participants
agreed on 22 policy recommendations to pass on to members of Congress, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the Clinton administration.  Among the emergency
recom- mendations agreed upon were in- creased funding for indemnity programs
for farmers, flood com- pensation and congressional pas- sage of an emergency
supplemental appropriation for Farm Service Agency loan programs of at least $85
million.  Other recommendations included trade enhancements, replenishing and
increasing funding to the Inter- national Monetary Fund and the exemption of
food exports from U.S. sanctions.  The governors of four agriculture states said
that of primary impor- tance is the improvement of trade standards.  "We have to
get price movement for our farmers and ranchers," said Gov. Ed Schafer of North
Dakota. "To get that, I believe the adminis- tration must become far more ag-
gressive in trade. Our competitors are outbargaining us and outwork- ing us and
our farmers are out of business."  Gov. Bill Janklow of South Dako- ta said
America has to stop being willing to trade with countries he says cheat at
trade.  "They want to shove their goods into the world, but they want to un-
fairly cheat on products coming into their country," Janklow said.  He said
Canada does not accept federal certification on American beef for import and
makes it ex- tremely difficult to export products there.  "The failure of NAFTA
was they didn't have a second "F' in it -- "free and fair trade,"' Nelson said.
"We have to do something about the commodity overhang that is hanging on the
market," Janklow said. "Writing checks and loaning money is not the answer,
either short term or long term. Our govern- ment needs to step up to the plate
now and do something about pur- chasing and distributing to the hun- gry people
of the world the excess commodities that we are able to produce in this
country." Those attending the conference stated adamantly that the federal
government must stop using food products when imposing interna- tional
sanctions.  Not only does that hurt people in need in those countries, they
said, it further depresses already rock-bot- tom prices.  And boosting prices is
the under- lying goal, they said.  Years of depressed pricing across the
spectrum of farming and ranching production have only been exacerbated by
natural disasters such as the flooding and drought that have hammered American
ag- riculture, they said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 3, 2007 Saturday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 848 words


Here is a listing of the legislative hearings scheduled Tuesday:

HOUSE

APPROPRIATIONS

Human Resources Division

Roughrider Room

SB2012 - Dept. of Human Services State Hospital, Developmental Center. 8:30 a.m.

SB2012 - Dept. of Human Services, Administrative Support. 10:30 a.m.

SB2012 - Dept. of Human Services, Information Technology. 2:30 p.m.

EDUCATION

Pioneer Room

SB2287 - A bill relating to cause for suspension of revocation of teaching
license. 9 a.m.

SB2348 - A bill relating to high school tournament site selections. 10 a.m.

SB2401 - A bill to provide school district transportation grants. 11 a.m.

HUMAN SERVICES

Fort Union Room

SB2379 - Provide nursing education consortium to conduct assessment of possible
nursing student population and establish a mobile clinical nursing simulation
lab; provide an appropriation. 9 a.m.

SB2303 - Creation of a health information technology steering committee. 10 a.m.

INDUSTRY, BUSINESS AND LABOR

Peace Garden Room

SB2268 - Relating to viatical settlement contracts. 8 a.m.

SB2171 - Relating to the location of a county mutual insurance company's
principal office. 8 a.m.

SB2182 - Relating to bank operations in the case of an epidemic or other
emergency. 8 a.m.

SB2318 - Relating to accident and health policy provisions. 2:15 p.m.

JUDICIARY

Prairie Room

SB2153 - Reg. agents: farm corporations and farm limited liability comp.;
cooperative associations, business corporations, limited liability comp.,
non-profit corporations, real estate investment trusts, limited partnerships,
limited liability limited partnerships, and Secretary of State, cooperative
associations. 8:30 a.m.

SB2261 - Cost of investigation, prosecution or defense and hearing; hearing of
violations; provide a continuing appropriation. 8:30 a.m.

SB2340 - Civil commitment of sexually dangerous individuals. 8:30 a.m.

SB2358 - Court-ordered testing of sexual offender for human immunodeficiency
virus; and declare emergency. 8:30 a.m.

SB2382 - Provide appropriations to AG for the purpose of funding bureau of
criminal investigation computerized investigation and examination. 8:30 a.m.

SB2103 - Cost of forensic medical examination for alleged victims of sexual
assault; provide appropriation; declare emergency. 8:30 a.m.

SB2188 - Railroad accident reports; provide Legislative Council study of risk
assessment and railroad safety. 8:30 a.m.

SENATE

APPROPRIATIONS

Harvest Room

HB1027 - Relating to international business, visitor information centers, Dept.
of Commerce workforce development programs and duties, tax credits for
internships and research and experimental expenditures, centers of excellence,
housing finance agency. 8:30 a.m.

HB1060 - Geophysical, geothermal, subsurface minerals and coal exploration. Oil
well plugging contracts, oil and gas well plugging reclamation, geothermal
energy extraction permits. 10:15 a.m.

HB1003 - N.D. University System. 11 a.m.

HB1135 - Bank of N.D. transfer of unobligated funds. 3 p.m.

HB1290 - State Dept. of Health to contract for an evaluation of the state trauma
system, to provide legislative council report. 3:30 p.m.

EDUCATION

Missouri River Room

HB1125 - Relating to a loan repayment program for veterinarians. 9 a.m.

HB1320 - Relating to approval of early childhood education programs. 10 a.m.

HB1249 - Relating to loan forgiveness for teachers. 11 a.m.

FINANCE AND TAXATION

Lewis and Clark Room

HB1160 - Relating to a motor vehicle excise tax exemption for ambulances
purchased by emergency medical services operations. 9 a.m.

HB1138 - Relating to motor vehicle excise tax and special fuels tax refunds for
fuels purchased by emergency medical services operations. 10 a.m.

HUMAN SERVICES

Red River Room

HB1431 - Relating to restricting pharmacists from dispensing substitute epilepsy
drugs. 9 a.m.

HB1404 - Relating to creating a legislative council medical assistance
committee. 9:45 a.m.

HB1129 - Relating to electronic birth, marriage, fetal death and death records
and electronic filing and registration for birth, fetal death and death records.
10:30 a.m.

HB1505 - Relating to the regulation of tattooing, body piercing, branding,
subdermal implants and scarification. 11:15 a.m.

INDUSTRY, BUSINESS AND LABOR

Roosevelt Park Room

HB1221 - Relating to public utility rate adjustments for recovery of costs
resulting from federal environmental mandates on existing electricity generating
stations. 9 a.m.

HB1222 - Relating to loss ratios for accident and health insurers. 9:30 a.m.

HB1315 - Relating to electrical generation and transmission safety. 10:15 a.m.

HB1503 - Relating to extending the tribal-state guaranty program. 11 a.m.

JUDICIARY

Fort Lincoln Room

HB1059 - Confidentiality of commission on legal counsel for indigents
information and records. 9 a.m.

HB1507 - Electronic mail addresses and phone numbers exempt from open records;
penalty. 9 a.m.

HB1504 - Definition of tribal police officers standard and training board. 9
a.m.

HB1063 - Powers of the highway patrol on state-owned or leased property. 10:30
a.m.

HB1452 - Limitations on the civil liability of a charitable organization. 10:30
a.m.

HB1414 - Division of property in a divorce proceeding. 10:30 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Washington: USDA offers assistance to Carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
floods

LENGTH: 803 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Natural Resources Conservation Service has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers affected
by the recent floods in North and South Carolina that USDA has programs to
assist with their recovery efforts. State and county staff in USDA's Farm
Service Agency (FSA), Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) and Risk
Management Agency (RMA) stand ready to help.





 "The catastrophic flooding in the Carolinas has caused unimaginable hardship
for many producers, including farmers who are waiting for fields to dry so they
can assess the damage and harvest what is salvageable of their crops," said FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini. "I encourage producers who experienced losses to take
advantage of available disaster assistance programs and loans to alleviate part
of the financial burden caused by devastating floods."



 Dolcini adds that farmers and ranchers should contact their FSA office to set
an appointment during this busy season. He said it is important to learn what
documents can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records,
receipts and pictures of damages or losses.



 FSA administers a suite of safety-net programs to help producers recover from
eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency
Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program, Emergency
Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance Program. Additionally,
the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical assistance
for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural disasters.
Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous disaster
designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them recover
from production and physical losses. Compensation is also available to producers
who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that result in
lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and RMA. Producers must file a
Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops including grasses in a timely
fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or when the losses become
apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify FSA of damage or loss
within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first becomes apparent.



 USDA's NRCS can also help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by
natural disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives
Program (EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive
soil erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding.
Conservation practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in
recovery, can build the natural resource base, and may help mitigate loss in
future events. For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to
life and property, such as those declared this week in South Carolina, NRCS can
assist local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts
like debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource
concerns and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program.



 "The flood event taking place in North and South Carolina is of historic
proportions. As the flood waters recede, we may begin seeing land damage such as
erosion that happened not only during the rainfall events, but was caused by the
receding waters," said NRCS Chief Jason Weller. "It is critical that farmers,
ranchers and forestland owners have financial and technical resources available
to protect their natural resources and operations now and as recovery from these
disasters begins."



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses.



 "No one knows if or when situations like the floods that have devastated the
Carolinas may happen. Federal crop insurance provides an effective farm safety
net to help farmers recover," said RMA Administrator Brandon Willis.



 Producers should report crop damage within 72 hours of damage discovery and
follow up in writing within15 days. They should have Farm Service Agency
documents that provide the number of acres and locations of insured crops ready
to show the adjuster.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  JUNE 23, 1999 Wednesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

SOUTH JERSEY NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 254 words


N.J. ASKS USDA TO NAME

3 COUNTIES DISASTER AREAS Because of spring's severe storms, Gov. Whitman asked
the U.S. Agriculture Department yesterday to declare agricultural disasters in
Atlantic, Camden and Gloucester Counties so that farmers could qualify for aid
and low-interest federal loans.

Hail and rain on May 24 damaged a large portion of crops on 54 farms, covering
more than 5,700 acres, Whitman's office said. A disaster declaration would
enable those farmers to qualify for USDA emergency loans and crop assistance
from the department's Farm Service Agency.

There was no estimate of the amount of loss. Whitman made the request after the
USDA's State Emergency Board reviewed the damage and recommended a declaration.

ATLANTIC COUNTY SAYS 22

IN DRUG GANG ARRESTED Twenty-two members of a gang that calls itself the Salaams
have been arrested on drug charges after a 10-month investigation in Atlantic
County, authorities said yesterday.

The arrests have been taking place for months, and the most recent was Monday,
authorities said. Additionally, warrants have been issued for four others who
have eluded police for several months.

Authorities said five guns, about 600 half-gram bags of heroin, and 42 pounds of
marijuana have been confiscated, along with $12,000 and several vehicles. Most
of the people arrested were charged with possession and distribution of heroin,
marijuana or heroin. The gang's drug operation operated mostly in Atlantic City
and in a few towns in Atlantic County.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 MARCH 15, 1999

Bankers Push Congress to Allow More Guaranteed Farm Loans

BYLINE: By Ted Cornwell

LENGTH: 826 words

Washington-The Independent Bankers Association of America says that government
guaranteed farm loans are needed "to quell a crisis facing small banks that lend
to agriculture."

Earlier, the American Bankers Association made a similar plea to help preserve
the credit-worthiness of many farm and ranch borrowers, who may be in danger of
losing their ability to obtain financing and defaulting on current debt to local
banks.

In testimony to congressional panels earlier this month, top USDA officials said
that they are seeking increased spending on farm programs and increased
authority for direct farm loans and for loan guarantees, but the proposed
increases fall below the levels sought by agricultural bankers. The Clinton
administration has asked for $ 3 billion in direct and guaranteed lending
authority next year, an increase of $ 183 million from this year's level.

Keith Kelly, administrator of the USDA's Farm Service Agency, acknowledged that
farmers are facing tough economic conditions due to low commodity prices and, in
some areas, weather related disasters last year.

"Many producers faced a dramatic downturn during 1998," he said. "The economic
outlook remains serious looking into FY 2000." Hard times on the farm translate
into increased demand for direct and guaranteed loans from the Farm Service
Agency, he said.

"FSA is currently experiencing an unprecedented demand for loans and loan
guarantees, a trend which we anticipate will continue into FY 2000," Mr. Kelly
said.

Under the loan guarantee program, the government guarantees payment of principal
and interest on loans made by private sector lenders, much like the Federal
Housing Administration programs. Despite recent farm distress, the USDA says
that loan defaults are down - at least in its direct farm loan program. In 1995,
the default rate for direct loans was 23%. This year the rate is 15%.

Problems in the agricultural lending sector stem from distress in the
agricultural economy. Despite boom times for most of America, farmers and
ranchers have been plagued by weather problems and especially by low commodity
prices. Low prices for their products has diminished income for farmers in many
parts of the country.

In addition, government subsidies for agriculture have been substantially
reduced in recent years, scaling back a safety net that had propped the farm
sector up during previous hard times.

For the short term, low commodity prices make it difficult for many farmers and
ranchers to show positive cash flow. If low prices continue, the IBAA predicted
that "a significant number of borrowers will lose their farms."

Testifying before a House agriculture panel on the outlook for agricultural
credit, Dale Leighty, president of the First National Bank of Las Animas in
Colorado, said he does not see an end to the fundamental problems facing the
agricultural economy today: oversupply, low prices, and weak foreign demand.

Overall, the Clinton administration has proposed $ 3 billion in direct and
guaranteed farm lending authority next year, up $ 183 million from this year's
lending authority. But that is less than what agricultural bankers would like to
see.

The IBAA is asking Congress for actions to improve the situation, he said. The
IBAA wants an increase in government spending to "strengthen the farm safety
net." Bankers also want emergency relief for farmers and ranchers included in a
supplemental appropriations bill this spring to assist hog producers, fund farm
and ranch loan programs, protect farm income, boost exports and improve risk
management.

The IBAA is also seeking increases in farm spending when the current farm bill
expires in 2002.

And the IBAA wants Congress to adopt Federal Home Loan Bank reform provisions to
help farmers and rural lenders "address a growing liquidity problem in rural
America."

Mr. Leighty also asked Congress to make changes to the Farm Service Agency's
guaranteed loan regulations.

The IBAA wants Congress to allow small agricultural lenders to qualify for the
Preferred Lender Program category based on the quality of their overall loan
portfolio and historical loan losses rather than on volume. The bankers also
want to reduce the 110% cash flow requirement on new loans to 100%, the same as
for loan servicing options.

The IBAA also wants Congress to raise the maximum loan amount under its "low
documentation" program from $ 50,000 to $ 100,000.

"Quick congressional action on these initiatives would alleviate growing
uncertainty by family farmers and their lenders in the countryside over falling
farm income and will ensure speedy delivery of much needed credit to financially
stressed farm families," Mr. Leighty said.

USDA Loans at a Glance

* Applications for guaranteed farm ownership loans are up 28%

* Applications for guaranteed farm operating loans are up 56%

Source: USDA

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

BRIEF: Weld is one of four counties in Colorado designated as primary natural
disaster area by USDA

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


March 01--Weld County is one of four in Colorado that was designated as a
primary natural disaster area by the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of
losses and damages caused by a recent drought, according to a news release from
the Weld County Farm Service Agency. The other three counties include Baca,
Elbert and Lincoln.

These counties were designated as natural disaster areas on Feb. 23, making all
qualified farm operators in the areas eligible for emergency loans from the Farm
Service Agency, provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans
to help cover part of their actual losses, the release stated.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Interested farmers can contact their local USDA Service Centers for more
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these
programs. Greeley's Service Center, 4302 9th St. Road, can be contacted at (970)
356-8097. More information is available online, go to
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2017 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170301-GY-BRF-Weld-is-one-of-four-counties-in-Colorado-designated-as-primary-n
atural-disaster-area-by-USDA-0301-20170301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2017 Greeley Tribune


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

BRIEF: Natural disaster declared in North Carolina

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 224 words


Sep. 21--The U.S. Secretary of Agriculture has declared the entire state a
natural disaster area as a result of this year's pervasive drought.

Secretary Mike Johanns, who resigned Wednesday, issued the natural disaster
declaration on Sept. 12.

Farm Loan Manager Sue Smithwick of the Lenoir County office of the USDA's Farm
Service Agency announced the declaration locally in a news release today.

Lenoir, Green and Jones are among 85 counties with a "primary disaster"
declaration. Farmers in the primary disaster counties are eligible for federal
disaster relief, including FSA emergency loans for family farmers.

The deadline to apply for aid is May 12, 2008. For more information, farmers
should con-tact their local FSA office.

In Lenoir County:

Sue Smithwick, Farm Loan Officer

2026 Hwy. 11/55, Kinston

(252)523-0524, ext. 2

Hours: Monday to Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.

David Anderson can be reached at (252)559-1077, or danderson@freedomenc.com

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070921-KI-BRF-Natural-disaster-declared-in-North-Carolina-0921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2007 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Farmers won"t be getting bailout

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 498 words


Finance Minister Bill English has ruled out a bailout for struggling dairy
farmers after Labour leader Andrew Little said the Government should consider
emergency relief similar to that available for droughts.

Little has also called on the Government to "stiff arm" the banks to ensure
farmers are not forced off their land because they cannot keep up mortgage
payments after the latest slump in milk prices.

"They need to lean on banks and lean on Fonterra. The conditions have emerged
now where there are significant risks not only to farmers and Fonterra but
actually to the prospect even more productive land could fall into foreign
hands."

Little"s comments come after Fonterra dropped its forecast milk payout to $3.90
a kilogram last week - the "severe" zone under Treasury"s forecasts. In an
interview with the Herald, Reserve Bank Governor Graeme Wheeler said its worst
case scenario was that farm prices could fall by up to 40 per cent and banks
have to write off up to 15 per cent of the $40 billion in loans if dairy prices
did not lift within three years.

English told TVNZ"s Q+A yesterday that he doubted that would be a threat to the
financial stability of the country, banks were stronger than at the time of the
global financial crisis and the Government would not step in with any bailout
for farmers.

"A few billion in losses is not a threat to financial stability. The regime
that"s in place now means the banks are stronger than they"ve ever been with a
greater ability to withstand those losses than they"ve ever had."

He said there was a system for dealing with extreme hardship "because you are
going to see, for a small number of dairy farming families, some real distress.
But we"re not going to be bailing them out."

But Little said some farmers were effectively now working for nothing and the
Government could set up similar emergency provisions to those it uses in cases
of drought or other "adverse events".

"If the farms in the long term are productive we want to keep them viable. If
there are circumstances where a farmer has continued to make reckless decisions
and the situation of the farm is not just a consequence of the low dairy payout
then you might have less sympathy for that. But where you"ve got good farmers
with good efficient farms then it makes sense to keep farmers like that on the
land."

Help for farmers can include tax relief and Rural Assistance Payments for
families.

Little said the Government should also call a crisis summit of farmers, Fonterra
and the banks to hammer out a way to ride through the hard times. Mr English
dismissed that as a "talkfest" and said supporting the Trans Pacific Partnership
would be more worthwhile.

The Reserve Bank will this week release stress tests it has done with five major
rural lending banks - ANZ, BNZ, Rabobank, Westpac and ASB.

Dairy doldrums

The Reserve Bank"s worst case scenario - if dairy prices stay low for three
years:

Â· Farm prices down 40 per cent

Â· Banks write off 15 per cent of sector loans

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 21, 1998 Saturday

OFFICIALS SEEK ADDED LOANS FOR FLOOD-AFFLICTED FARMERS

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 530 words


Responding to last year's floods and the spread of wheat disease that followed
in the Red River Valley, Minnesota and North Dakota state Farm Service Agency
directors said Friday they are seeking an additional $105 million in federal
loan funds to help get farmers back in their fields this spring.

State directors of Farm Service Agency offices in St. Paul and Fargo said they
expect their agencies will exhaust existing allocations for federal farm loans
by early April.

Wally Sparby, executive director of the agency in Minnesota, said in a statement
issued late Friday that he expects the need for federal farm loan assistance
will grow as spring approaches.

"Farmers and the public can be assured that the agency is doing everything
within its power to help," he said. "Once producers have fully identified their
financial needs, I expect to see an increase in numbers."

But in the meantime, agency officials in the two states are finding a financial
crisis developing in the valley, especially for wheat farmers.

Sparby and his North Dakota counterpart, Scott Stofferahn, conducted a two-state
survey of the valley and North Dakota wheat areas on March 12. The agencies are
part of federal and state programs directing assistance to farms and communities
harmed by last spring's flooding along the Red River of the North.

The agencies also administer emergency, direct farm operating and guaranteed
subsidized farm loans that are major programs of the former Farmers Home
Administration before USDA offices and agencies were reorganized. The Farm
Service Agency, like its predecessor, remains the so-called "lender of last
resort" for farmers who have been denied credit from other bankers.

While last spring's flooding in the valley was widely known, less public
attention was given to how wet fields contributed to the spread of scab, a wheat
disease that ruined crops for farmers on both sides of the river.

Sparby's agency in Minnesota had appropriations of $59.1 million for these
programs. It is seeking $34 million in additional funds to meet farm family
needs in Kittson, Roseau, Marshall, Polk, Pennington, Red Lake, Norman and
Mahnomen counties.

The biggest increase in projected needs is for the agency to help farmers and
lenders restructure existing loans following last year's poor wheat crop. Income
from wheat farming was further hurt by declining wheat prices, both from a
rebuilding of world wheat stocks and from weaker export demand - particularly in
Asia.

Problems are increasing for wheat farmers across North Dakota, but most new loan
applications and calls for loan restructuring assistance are coming from farmers
in the eastern counties along the Red River.

In a statement issued for North Dakota, Stofferahn projected that an additional
$15.5 million is need for the agency's direct farm operating loans, $11.4
million for borrowers to convert existing loans, and $44 million for new
applicants seeking guaranteed subsidized loans. The latter, guaranteed loans,
are loans written by commercial and cooperative lenders who have secured USDA
guarantees to back up a majority of the loan value.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday

Flood insurance available locally

BYLINE: Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Jun. 10--DANVILLE -- The need for flood insurance is readily apparent -- but
usually after the fact.

Almost 25 percent of all flood insurance claims come from low- or moderate-risk
areas where the insurance would not appear necessary, according to numbers from
National Flood Insurance Program.

Robert Boyd of State Farm Insurance in Danville sells the federal flood
insurance at his office on East Fairchild Street. He estimates nine out of 10
people don't think it's necessary for them.

"It's one of those things -- you can explain until you're blue in the face,"
Boyd said. "Some agree and some don't.

"It's not going to happen to me" is the mindset many people have, he said.

But that thinking may be changing as the area deals with the potential for
flooding as more rains fell on the ground saturated by weekend showers. Storms
dumped 3.86 inches of rain on Saturday and another 0.13 inches fell Monday.

Flooding is not typically covered in a standard homeowner's policy and, in cases
where flooding does take place, any federal damage assistance comes in the form
of low-interest loans, not compensation for losses.

Flood insurance is considered a legally necessary item if a house is purchased
in a high-risk flood zone and the mortage loan for the home is from a federally
regulated or insured tender.

Boyd said in Danville, oftentimes, flooding is not as much the problem as backup
in the sewer drains. State Farm offers a different policy in that regard, Boyd
said.

No matter where the water comes from, homeowners who have flood insurance have
several rules to follow if they become the victims of water in their home.

The Illinois Emergency Management Agency suggests that people take photos of any
water and damaged property in the home and place the damaged items outside the
home, if possible.

A list of the items, including their age and value, is also important, as well
as receipts of the property.

To see more of the Commercial-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://commercial-news.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080610-DQ-Flood-insurance-available-locally-0610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Monroe County among 53 counties granted disaster declaration after wet summer

BYLINE: Megan Banta, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Aug. 13--Farmers in Monroe County and 87 other counties -- including nearby
counties Brown, Greene, Jackson, Lawrence, Morgan and Owen -- are eligible for
low-interest emergency loans because of heavy rains and flooding that have
occurred since May 1.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Wednesday approved a disaster declaration
for 53 rain-sodden counties due to crop losses, a designation that allows
producers in those counties and all contiguous counties to apply for loans
through the federal office's Farm Services Agency.

"Farms in counties all across the state have suffered because of the excessive
rainfall we've experienced during our spring and summer months this year," Gov.
Mike Pence, who requested the designation, said in a news release. "I'm thankful
to the Indiana Farm Service Agency and the United States Department of
Agriculture for recognizing the need for assistance for our Hoosier farmers, and
I hope that those affected will apply for the loans they need."

In total, farmers in 88 of the state's 92 counties who have suffered at least 30
percent loss in crop production or a physical loss to livestock, livestock
products, real estate or chattel property can apply for the loans over the next
eight months. Farmers in counties in Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio and Michigan that
are contiguous to the disaster areas also are eligible.

There are some stipulations, though.

Farmers must be citizens or permanent residents with an established family farm
and an acceptable credit history who cannot receive credit from commercial
sources. Those applying also must be able to apply collateral and have the
ability to repay the loan.

They'll also be required to keep farm records and develop a farm plan along with
local Farm Services Agency staff, and they may have to participate in a
financial management program or obtain crop insurance if they don't already have
it.

Those who successfully apply for the funds can use them to:

--Restore or replace essential property

--Pay all or part of production costs associated with the disaster year

--Pay essential family living expenses

--Reorganize the farming operation

--Refinance certain debts

Lt. Gov. Sue Ellspermann, who also serves as the state's secretary of
agriculture and rural development, said the loans can "help lessen the financial
impact of reduced production from flooded and rain drenched fields."

She added that the state's Department of Agriculture will continue to provide
support for farmers in impacted areas.

"As we join the State Fair in observing the 'year of the farmer,' we especially
note how resilient they are in the face of many challenges," Ellspermann said in
a statement. "They will recover from this difficult year ready to plant and
harvest again in 2016."

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150813-BM-Monroe-County-among-53-counties-granted-disaster-declaration-after-w
et-summer-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Texas Woes Prompt Congress To Weigh Interstate Measures

                            March 20, 1986, Thursday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Fears that collapsing oil prices may spark bank failures in Texas and other
energy-producing state have increased pressure on Congress to approve new
emergency interstate acquisition measures.

Today, Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas, will introduce a bill to address problem farm
and energy banks. In an interview on Wednesday, he said he was ''inclined'' to
include in his bill a measure relaxing restrictions on out-of-state banks buying
troubled institutions.

Mr. Gramm said his bill will definitely direct federal regulators to allow
''well-run'' banks to draw down on their capital base. Capital reserves
constitute the basic regulatory standard designed to cushion against bad loans.

''Reserves are meant to use on a rainy day,'' the freshman senator said, ''and
it's raining like hell now.''

Also today, George Gould, Treasury undersecretary for domestic finance, will
appear before the House Banking Committee and reiterate the White House call for
relaxing state barriers on bank acquisitions.

In a speech Wednesday, Rep. Fernand J. St Germain, D-R.I., chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said ''relaxing'' states' control of their banking borders is
one solution being considered.

Senate and House banking leaders are working against an April 15 deadline when a
current law expires that provides for emergency acquisitions across state lines
of certain failing institutions.

By permitting out-of-state buyers to rescue ailing farm and energy banks,
banking regulators figure they can keep these institutions' bad loans from
sapping the already strained federal insurance funds. There are few in-state
buyers among the oil and farm states, since many are drained by the same lending
problems.

As part of the 1982 Garn-St Germain Depository Institutions Act, interstate
acquisitions are permitted only for failed banks with more than $500 million in
assets. Mr. Gramm and others are expected to seek three changes: a reduction in
the asset level; acquisitions of failing as opposed to already defunct banks;
and expansion of the permissible activities of the acquiring bank in the
acquired bank's state.

Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Chairman L. William Seidman has proposed
reducing the asset size of banks that could be acquired by out-of-state buyers
to $250 million from the current $500 million limit. That limit was designed to
discourage expansion-minded banks from exploiting the rule as a means of
creating interstate branches.

But Mr. Gramm may be unable to push a Seidman-style proposal through the Senate
Banking Committee before the provision expires April 15, according to some
lobbyists, who predict the provisions will simply be extended another three
months.

Community bankers and states-rights champions are fighting the interstate
acquisition plan. Mr. Gramm said he's been pressured by executives of small
banks in his state.

''My own constituency is split. I'll do what is in the interest of the overall
economy,'' he said. ''If you're going to catch hell no matter what you do, you
might as well do the right thing.''

Meanwhile, Sen. Jake Garn, R-Utah, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee
plans to unveil his own bill giving regulatory relief to farm and energy banks,
possibly by Friday. In an interview this week, he said his committee would work
on the bill next week.

Mr. Garn's bill will be similar to Mr. Gramm's, but the former's will make no
reference to interstate takeovers.

Mr. Garn had planned to write legislation permitting banks to stretch out loan
losses but has since agreed with a plan announced by the three federal banking
regulators before his committee March 11.

Mr. Garn also plans to relax lending caps so that banks will no longer be forced
to limit the size of an individual loan to 15% of capital. This is important,
farm bank lobbyists said, because it will allow the banks to maintain large
loans to farmers while operating at a lower capital level.

Both the capital forbearance and lending cap initiatives have won approval from
the Independent Bankers Association of America, according to Weldon Barton, the
lobby's farm expert.

Regulators, however, are fighting congressional action on capital forbearance
for fear they will lose ''flexibility'' in dealing with problem banks. Congress
technically doesn't need to act on capital forbearance.  Comptroller of the
Currency Robert L. Clarke took his case to the independent bankers' convention
on March 12. While the farm bank lobby accepted his offer of regulatory relief,
it has not ended its call for congressional action.

Mike Carroll contributed to this story.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 768 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Emergency zone plan: Farmers reject move

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Aug. 12 -- The government's preparations to declare Bhaktapur a bird
flu emergency zone hit a roadblock on Sunday after the poultry sector objected
to the idea.

The District Avian Influenza Technical Coordination Committee of Bhaktapur,
chaired by Chief District Officer Himnath Dawadi, concluded that the district
will be kept under 'closer surveillance' for three more days before taking
further steps.

Officials said the committee took the last-minute decision following pressure
from poultry farmers.

Poultry farmers in Bhaktapur submitted a nine-point charter of demands to the
CDO that include insurance for the dead/slaughtered chickens, immediate
compensation and loan to re-start their business.

On Saturday, the government had made preparations to declare the emergency in
Bhaktapur and conduct blanket slaughtering after talks with the Department of
Livestock Services (DoLS) and poultry farmers.

It had concluded that Bhaktapur was the source of the outbreak in the Kathmandu
valley and has asked the district to take stringent measures to stop the virus
from spreading to other parts of the country. It had also recommended a five-day
closure of chicken feed factories in the district.

As many as 41 cases of bird flu have been confirmed in Bhaktapur since the
outbreak was first seen 27 days ago.

However, Dawadi claimed that a team of animal health experts has been visiting
each farm in Bhaktapur since the week-long poultry ban in the Valley ended on
Thursday. He added that the team has so far found only one of the 61 poultry
farms infected with the flu. The team has now been testing fowls with the
on-the-spot bird flu testing kit.

"This means that not all the farms in Bhaktapur are infected," Dawadi said.

Meanwhile, chickens on a farm owned by one Uttam Simkhada of Ichangunarayan-5,
Kathmandu, have been found to have been infected with the H5N1 strain of the
flu. A rapid response team from the Kathmandu veterinary office slaughtered 93
chickens and 50 kg of chicken feed on Sunday.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Sparta News-Plaindealer (Illinois)

                          October 19, 2005, Wednesday

Illinois politicians hold farmer disaster relief meeting

BYLINE: By Scott Kiefer

LENGTH: 545 words



State Sen. Dave Luechtefeld and State Rep. Mike Bost hosted a farmer disaster

relief informational meeting Oct. 19 at the Farm Bureau building at Sparta to
update local farming operations of what kinds of funds will be made available to
them.

Earlier in the summer, every county in Illinois, except Alexander, had been
declared a disaster in terms of the drought situation.

Since the U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns made the declaration,
qualified farm operations are eligible for low-interest emergency (EM) loans
from the Farm Service Agency (FSA). Additionally, FSA has a variety of programs
available to help eligible farmers to recover from adversity.

Luechtefeld said that things were somewhat better that what had been
anticipated.

"A lot has changed," said Luechtefeld. "What we had anticipated to be a total
disaster has not turned out that way." He also said that he does not know of too
many farmers who would normally be happy about producing 100 bushels of corn an
acre, but it has turned out to be a lot better production that what was
expected.

"There are other factors that have plagued the farmers, even with the increase
in production, such as the increased costs of fuel and other transportation
expenses, and the cost of fertilizer," said Luechtefeld.

He said that there is not a lot that state government can do for the plight of
the farmers.

"At the state level we could possibly help with taxes of gasoline and other
fuels," he said.

Kent Burns of FSA reported that Illinois farmers were approved on July 27 to
receive low-interest disaster loans by the federal government after a request
had been placed by Gov. Rod Blagojevich.

"Since approval, farmers have up to eight months to apply for these loans,
taking us up to the end of March," said Burns.

Burns said that the disaster loan is based on the calculation of the number of
acres that were farmed, the yield that was produced for this year and compare it
with a three-year average, or the APH yield on crop insurance for the specific
commodity. After those numbers are calculated, the farmer has to have a 30
percent or more loss rate to be eligible for the loan.

The loan can be used to refinance debt, term notes, real estate, equipment and
other items, depending on each operation specific needs.

"These loans can be for up to 20 years," said Burns, "and will go up to $
500,000." Burns said that the interest rate will be 3.75 percent, and that it
will be locked in.

Burns also said that there will be guarantee loans available depending upon the
specifics of the case, and that those interested should contact the farm
services representatives for their respective county.

"We will be more than happy to schedule an appointment and go over numbers with
anyone who is interested to see if they are eligible," he said.



-----

To see more of Sparta News-Plaindealer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://egyptian.net/(TILDE)leftypen/plain.htm. Copyright (c) 2005, Sparta
News-Plaindealer, Sparta, Ill.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SI-FARMER-DISASTER-RELIEF-20051019

JOURNAL-CODE: SI

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 Sparta News-Plaindealer (Illinois)


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Congress Considers Emergency Measure To Guarantee Bonds From Farm Agency

                           April 15, 1987, Wednesday

By Patrice Hill

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 14


Congress is considering an emergency measure requiring the Treasury Department
to guarantee $55 billion of outstanding Farm Credit System bonds to prop up the
ailing system and reduce its borrowing costs.

The urgent supplemental appropriations bill, which the House is expected to
consider next week, instructs the Treasury to prepare a plan to guarantee newly
issued bonds, as well as $55 billion of outstanding bonds, and to recommend
other ways of helping the financially strapped system, such as direct purchases
of the system's debt.

The bond guarantee plan would be only a first step and provide only short-term
relief for the system, congressional sources said.

Problems in the farm economy have caused the system to lose money at the rate of
about $400 million each quarter, administration officials say, and the system
now has only $3 billion to $4 billion in cash reserves. The General Accounting
Office, the Congressional Budget Office, and others have said that the system
eventually may need a cash infusion of $1 billion to $5 billion to prevent
bankruptcy.

Farm Credit Administration chairman Frank Naylor earlier this year suggested
that guarantees on the system's stocks and bonds might avert the need for a cash
infusion and would be a quick, inexpensive way to buoy the system this year.
Guaranteeing farm credit bonds would bolster confidence in the system and
immediately lower its borrowing costs, committee sources said.

Farm credit bonds currently enjoy only an implicit federal guarantee stemming
from the Farm Credit Administration's emergency line of credit with the Treasury
Department and broad support for the program in Congress.

However, the system's recent troubles have forced it to offer bonds with
substantially higher yields than comparable Treasury bills to attract buyers. An
explicit federal guarantee would eliminate the pressure to offer lower prices
and higher interest rates than other government securities, analysts said.

The appropriations committee is considering the proposal to guarantee the
system's bonds partly due to concern about the recent exodus of creditworthy
borrowers from the system, said a committee aide. The committee estimates that
the system is losing about $1 billion of new loan business each month as
commercial banks offering more favorable rates siphon away the system's ablest
borrowers.

The committee believes that the system would be able to continue attracting
customers if its own borrowing costs were lower and it could pass on the savings
to borrowers, the aide said.

But the House and Senate Agriculture Committees, which have primary jurisdiction
over the farm credit agency, have not yet endorsed the idea of guaranteeing the
system's bonds.

"It would be no light step to explicitly guarantee the system's bonds," said a
House Agriculture Committee staffer, who noted that the system has had as much
as $80 billion of bonds outstanding in earlier years. "The committee is not yet
convinced that it is the proper role for government to stand behind all those
bonds," he said.

Also, the aide said, "despite all its problems, the system has not yet defaulted
on a bond." He added that the system has $5 billion in nonliquid assets, besides
its cash reserves, that it could draw upon in case of default.

Others in Congress oppose any plan that would guarantee only the system's bonds,
arguing that additional protections for bondholders are not necessary and would
be inequitable if stockholders are not similarly protected. One congressional
staffer noted that bondholders have many legal and financial avenues of recourse
that are unavailable to stockholders in case of default.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 620 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 8, 2002 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. d3

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WATERLOO, Iowa


Cattle Congress begins Thursday

The National Cattle Congress will take place Thursday through Sunday in
Waterloo.

Attractions include the Extreme Canines Show; Steve Trash, environmental act;
Swampmaster's Gator Show; a carnival; haunted house; livestock exhibits; country
concert and PRCA Rodeo.

The Iowa Barn Dinner will be held 5 to 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday to raise funds
for a new metal roof on one of the livestock barns.

Fair tickets are $$ @6.

Disaster loans available in Crawford, Grant counties

MADISON, Wis. - Disaster loans are available to farmers in Crawford and Grant
counties who suffered qualifying damages and losses caused by severe storms,
heavy rains, flooding and flash flooding that occurred from June 3 to June 7.

These two counties were named as contiguous to one or more of the six Iowa
counties named in a Secretarial Disaster Declaration.

Actual loss loans for production losses will be based on the disaster-year
production compared to the previous five-year production history.

Emergency loans are not to exceed $$ @500,000, at an interest rate of 33/4
percent.

"Loan approval is limited to applicants who are unable to obtain credit
elsewhere and will be contingent upon the availability of funds," said Wisconsin
Farm Service Agency Director Ben Brancel.

Farmers in designated counties who feel they have sustained severe physical
losses should contact their local Farm Service Agency office for more
information and application forms. The deadline for filing applications is April
22.

3 Dubuque County farms earn Century Farm awards

DES MOINES - Century Farm awards were presented to three Dubuque County farm
families Aug. 13 at the Iowa State Fair.

Receiving awards in a special ceremony were Henry and Aloysius Merges, of
Dubuque; Lyle L. and Margie E. Smith, of Dubuque; and James W. and Shirley A.
Theisen, of Holy Cross.

There were 445 recipients of the Century Farm designation by the Iowa Department
of Agriculture and Land Stewardship, which included farms from 93 of Iowa's 99
counties.

The Century Farms Program was initiated by the Iowa Department of Agriculture
and Land Stewardship in conjunction with the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation in
1976. It recognizes farm families that have owned the same farm for 100 years or
more.

Stockton family hosts plot review of corn hybrids

ELIZABETH, Ill. - A Jo Daviess County Corn Plot Field Day and Farm Bill and
Market Update meeting is scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Buck and Pat
Simmons Farm in Stockton.

From Stockton, go three miles east on U.S. 20 and turn south on Willow Road.
After one mile, turn right at East Stockton Road. The Simmons farm is the first
farm on the north side of the road.

There will be a plot review of 50 corn hybrids with seed-company
representatives, followed by a free bratwurst dinner hosted by the Simmons
family.

Short topic talks begin at 6 p.m. Topics include: most frequently asked
questions on the farm bill, farm bill strategy and decision resources, grain
market outlook and corn rootworm update.

The public is invited.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tribune (Seymour, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

USDA declares disaster areas

BYLINE: The Tribune, Seymour, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Dec. 15--U.S. Department of Agriculture officials have declared 10 southern
Indiana counties as primary or contiguous disaster areas because of flooding in
early August.

Jackson and Jennings counties are among them, being named as primary natural
disaster areas.

In addition, the USDA declared eight other counties as contiguous disaster areas
-- Bartholomew, Brown, Jefferson, Monroe, Orange, Ripley, Scott and Washington.

Because of their designation as primary and contiguous natural disaster areas,
all qualified farm operators in the applicable counties are eligible to be
considered for assistance from USDA's Farm Service Agency, Indiana 9th District
Rep. Baron Hill of Seymour said.

Such assistance can include FSA emergency loans and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Payments Program.

For information on eligibility requirements and application procedures, farmers
may call their local FSA offices. For Jackson County, the office in Brownstown
may be reached at 358-2367.

"This is welcome news for many southern Indiana farmers," Hill said. "The severe
flooding did a lot of damage, and so I am pleased with USDA's offer of some
much-needed assistance."

Gov. Mitch Daniels' request for a general disaster declaration for the area
through the Federal Emergency Management Agency was denied this fall.

To see more of The Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribtown.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Seymour, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091215-TS-USDA-declares-disaster-areas-1215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TS


                           Copyright 2009 The Tribune


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Star-Herald (Kosciusko, Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

Help is here!: Various agencies helping in wake of April 24 storm

BYLINE: Nancy Green, The Star-Herald, Kosciusko, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1677 words


May 5--KOSCIUSKO -- Assistance for jobless due to storm

Individuals in Attala, Choctaw, Holmes, Warren and Yazoo Counties in
Mississippi, who were unable to work because of severe storms, tornadoes, and
flooding may apply for Disaster Unemployment Assistance , the Mississippi
Department of Employment Security announced.

People who live or work in one of the affected counties and could not work
because of major destruction caused by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding
that began April 23, are entitled to apply and may be eligible to receive
unemployment benefits.

Self-employed individuals, who were living or working in the affected areas at
the time of the major disaster, and those who are unemployed as a result of the
major disaster, may be eligible for DUA.  In addition, those who were unable to
reach their jobs, because the disaster prevented their travel, or who were
scheduled to begin employment, but the disaster prevented them from doing so,
may apply.

Eligible to apply for DUA are individuals who:  (1) became the major support for
a household because of the disaster-related death of the head of the household;
(2) cannot work because of an injury caused as a direct result of the disaster;
(3) could not work or lost work as a result of physical damage or destruction of
a business, and; (4) are unable to work because of the physical inaccessibility
of the place of employment due to its closure by the federal government.

Individuals in Attala, Choctaw, Holmes, Warren, and Yazoo counties in
Mississippi, can apply online 24 hours a day at www.mdes.ms.gov or  by calling
toll-free, 1-888-844-3577 from 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Monday through Friday.

The deadline to apply for Disaster Unemployment Assistance is June 1.

MDHS helps

with food

The Mississippi Department of Human Services has been approved by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, to provide food
assistance in the form of a Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
in the following Mississippi Counties: Attala, Choctaw, Holmes, Warren and
Yazoo. The program is open to individuals not normally eligible for SNAP, but
were affected by the April 24 storms.

Residents of the affected areas of these counties who are not currently
receiving SNAP benefits may qualify for temporary assistance for a one month
period if their home was damaged or destroyed or they have disaster related
expenses or food loss as a result of the April 24 storm.  Eligibility is based
on available income and resources less a standard disaster deduction.

Those applying for DSNAP assistance will be asked to provide their driver's
license or picture identification along with proof of residency, such as a
utility bill, and the social security numbers and dates of birth for all members
of their household. Applicants should apply in the county where they reside.

DSNAP application sites will operate for five days.

-- Wednesday, May 5- Friday, May 7; 9 a.m. -- 6 p.m.

-- Saturday, May 8, 8 a.m. -- noon.

-- Monday, May 10, 9 a.m. -- 6 p.m.

County Locations:

-- Attala County DHS, 717 Fairground Road, Kosciusko

--Choctaw County Community Center, 895 North College Street, Ackerman

*For Choctaw County, on Saturday, May 8th, the DSNAP application site will move
to the Choctaw County DHS at 223 West Main Street, Ackerman. Monday, the Choctaw
County DSNAP Site will return to the Choctaw County Community Center.

-- Holmes County Bank Annex Building, 110 Oak Street (behind main bank),
Lexington

Free legal assistance Wednesday

The Mississippi Center for Justice is holding clinics in the area Wednesday to
aid in helping storm victims with insurance claims and policy review, assistance
with FEMA and MEMA applications, property titles, contractor fraud and more. All
assistance is provided free of charge. If you or someone you know suffered
damage during the tornadoes, you have many questions about insurance, government
assistance and rebuilding.

MCJ will be at Choctaw County Courthouse, 22 Quinn Street, Ackerman and
Christian Liberty Baptist Church, 507 Tipton Street, Kosciusko from 10 a.m.
until 2 p.m.

Please do not sign insurance checks, title loans or other quick cash offers
until you talk with us. No appointments necessary. Help provided on a
first-come, first-served basis. For more information, call Mississippi Center
for Justice at (601) 352-2269.

USDA offers services for farmers

Emergency assistance for eligible and qualifying producers affected by last
weekend's tornado is now available through the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
according to Michael R. Sullivan, Mississippi FSA State Executive Director.

"The Emergency Conservation Program (ECP) provides funding to assist affected
farmers and producers in their efforts to remove debris from farmland and
restore fences," Sullivan said.

The program is administered by FSA's state and county committees.
Locally-elected county committees are authorized to implement ECP for all
disasters except drought, which is authorized at the national office of FSA.
Eligible producers will receive cost-share assistance of up to 75 percent of the
cost of the approved practice.  The two approved practices are:  debris removal
on farmland and restoring fencing.

For a producer's land to be eligible, the disaster must create new conservation
problems that, if untreated, would impair or endanger the land and affect its
productive capacity.  Conservation problems existing prior to the applicable
disaster are ineligible for ECP assistance.

According to Sullivan, six FSA county offices have been given the authority to
implement the program:  Attala, Choctaw, Holmes, Monroe, Oktibbeha and Yazoo.
Producers in these counties may visit their local FSA Office to sign up.

FSA offers additional programs to help farmers and ranchers recover from natural
disasters.  The Emergency Farm Loan Program provides loans to cover losses for
designated disasters.  The loans are made to qualified farmers who cannot obtain
credit from other lenders in the local area. A Presidential or Administrative
Declaration on assistance for physical losses will have to be made and issued
before applications can be taken.   A declaration request has been submitted and
more information will be announced at a later date once a designation has been
issued.

The Livestock Indemnity Program provides assistance to producers for livestock
deaths that result from natural disaster. The program provides benefits to
livestock producers for livestock deaths in excess of normal mortality caused by
adverse weather.  Farmers are encouraged to contact the local office for
detailed information.

"USDA is committed to assisting in the recovery from this disaster that has
affected so many of our farmers," Sullivan said.

Emergency Conserve Program

The Attala County USDA, Farm Service Agency has implemented the Emergency
Conservation Program for damage caused by the April 24 tornado.

Practices are removal of debris from pasture, cropland, or hay land caused by
the tornado. Fence repair will be available for cattle producers. These
practices are a cost-share assistance percent of cost as determined by the Farm
Service Agency.

The sign-up starts now and producers need to come to the Attala County Farm
Service office on 502 Veterans Memorial Drive to file a request for the ECP
program.

1) Experience has shown that ECP continues to be one of the most difficult
programs to administer regardless of the type of disaster. ECP must be
implemented to react quickly to the needs of producers who have suffered severe
losses from natural disasters. At the same time, the interests of the taxpayer
must be protected and ECP must be responsive to the continuing need to reduce
spending wherever possible.

2) One of the basic eligibility requirements of ECP is that, by law, the damage
to the land, "will be so costly to rehabilitate that Federal assistance is or
will be required to return the land to productive agricultural use".

3) ECP is not an "entitlement" program. It is intended, as the law states, that
everyone who suffers a loss be entitled to a payment. The number of small
payments indicates that this provision of the law may not be fully understood.

Volunteer services in area

The Mississippi Commission of Volunteer Services' volunteer reception center
serving Choctaw County is located at the Mill Springs Missionary Baptist Church
at 620 Stuart-Weir Road in McCool. This is also a donation and distribution
center for tornado-affected residents. Residents may request volunteer and
AmeriCorps assistance at the volunteer reception center.

The volunteer reception center serving Attala and Choctaw Counties is located at
the Ebenezer Volunteer Fire Department at the intersection of HWY 14 and
Ebenezer Road in Ebenezer. The Red Cross is also coordinating a donation and
distribution center for tornado-affected residents at this location. Residents
may request volunteer and AmeriCorps assistance at the volunteer reception
center.

MCVS is coordinating the activities of volunteers and national service members
coming into the community. There is an immediate need for volunteers with tree
removal equipment. Volunteers may report to the volunteer center or visit
www.volunteermississippi.org to register. Volunteers must report to the
volunteer center for work assignments. Registered volunteers will be contacted
as additional assistance is needed.

As of May 3, MCVS had placed more than 800 volunteers in to Yazoo, Holmes,
Attala and Choctaw counties and filled more than 150 work orders.

For more information, contact the State Emergency Joint Information Center at
866-519-MEMA (6362), or visit us online at www.msema.org.

To see more of The Star-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://rushvillerepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Star-Herald, Kosciusko,
Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100505-KD-Help-is-here-0505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KD


                         Copyright 2010 The Star-Herald


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Wal-Mart working for a world free of poverty

LENGTH: 1179 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 4 -- If lifting people out of poverty becomes one of the prime
philosophies of Nobel Peace Prize, then Wal-Mart founder late Sam Walton was its
pioneer and forerunner. Wal-Mart has lifted people out of poverty more than any
other organization in the globe through its mission of employment opportunities
for millions of Americans including women, qualified people with disabilities as
well as the people of the Third World countries.

John Tierney, the New York Times columnist wrote, "Wal-Mart has been one of the
most successful anti-poverty programs in America." Then he left the question,
"Has any organization in the world lifted more people out of poverty than
Wal-Mart?"

So far, we have not learned any convincing alternative to Wal-Mart, the world's
largest organization for bringing people out of poverty. Wal-Mart has not done
less in alleviating poverty than the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), the United Nations, United Way and Red Cross combined. As for example, in
2005, during the natural disaster of Hurricane Katrina and Rita in the USA,
Wal-Mart was the first company of the country which extended a helping hand,
prior to the support given by the US Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
It is not the example of people in overcoming poverty, but it is the example of
Wal-Mart who cares people and country during the disasters.

Wal-Mart is a community-focused company. It has made the major charitable
donations worth more than 1.0 billion dollar at both local and intentional
levels that have enriched the lives of millions and helped people to come out of
poverty.

Wal-Mart has a vast pipeline that gives non-US companies direct access to the
American market. As a result, Wal-Mart has helped the Third World nations in
alleviating poverty. That is why Tierney wrote, "No one has done more for
reducing Third World poverty than Wal-Mart, and getting a job at Wal-Mart is the
best way to a better life for the world's poor."

It is estimated that 70% of Wal-Mart products are made in China. It has helped
China's rapid manufacturing growth and declined the status of global arms
dealer. Thus Wal-Mart is contributing to global peace.

Micro-loans are good, but employment opportunities are much better because you
do not have to reimburse your hard-earned money for loans. Grameen Bank provides
micro-loans to the poorest of the poor and 95% of its borrowers are women. It is
promoting economic growth and social development in Bangladesh. The question is,
"Are these loan-generated incomes sufficient to maintain families in rural
Bangladesh?" If not, the villagers can get rid of their poverty by getting jobs
in the rural business firms. Prof Yunus, the Nobel laureate of Grameen Bank
said: "If they found a better way to help the poor get out of poverty tomorrow,
they would abandon micro-loan and adopt the new methodology." That is why it is
important that employment opportunities are generated through setting up of
workshops, factories, industries and bigger stores etc., at discount prices and
on small profit margin in the rural Bangladesh for the people to come out of the
poverty trap.

Lasting peace cannot be achieved without development of the largest segment of
the population. In Bangladesh, the people with disabilities constitute a
substantial part of the country's large population and most of them are the
poorest among the poor. 'Focus on ability, not on disability' - this standard
will help Grameen Bank to provide micro-loans to the qualified people with
disabilities to come out of their poverty. It will benefit the entire population
and the country.

On the other hand, Sam had conceptions about Grameen Bank at the very beginning
of his life because his father Thomas Gibson belonged to farm profession and was
a farm loan appraiser.

Sam realized that the farming as a profession of his time was not enough to
improve the standard of living of the related families. He concentrated his big
business on bigger stores in the rural areas at discount prices and also on
small profit margins where employment opportunities are available to remove
poverty from the society. Practicing this idea, Wal-Mart was transformed.

The modern world is the world of competition. Everyone struggles to survive. All
businesses compete, having both advantages and disadvantages, too. In the light
of such facts, there is also no lack of Wal-Mart critics. Suddenly, the retail
giant will conquer the market by its merits which may not be liked by its
critics. That is why they criticize Wal-Mart, but the fact is Wal-Mart works for
everyone. This deaf writer from Bangladesh is not an exception. To communicate
with customers as well as with businesses, Wal-Mart has given me not only a TDD
that denotes the Telephone Device for the Deaf or TTY that means Tele Type
writer, but also honoured me ribbon cutting in the opening of a Super Wal-Mart
in Illinois! It is the greatness of Wal-Mart. I know our company very well
because it was recognized as one of the top companies in the country for
providing a positive working environment for the qualified people with
disabilities. In 2006, the Careers and the Disabled Magazine recognized Wal-Mart
as one of the top companies in the USA.

The mission of Sam was: "Save money and live better" and the vision was: "The
rapid growth of Wal-Mart" throughout the globe. It was he who once said: "We're
all working together; that's the secret. And we'll lower the cost of living for
everyone, not just in America, but we'll give the world an opportunity to see
what it's like to save and have a better lifestyle, a better life for all. We're
proud of what we've accomplished, we've just begun."

On March 17, 1992, President Bush conferred upon Sam the "Presidential Medal of
Freedom" -- the nation's highest ranking civilian honour. President Bush said in
his presidential citation: "An American original, Sam Walton embodies the
entrepreneurial spirit and epitomizes the American dream. Concern for his
employees, a commitment to his community, and a desire to make a difference have
been hallmarks of his career. By sponsoring scholarships from Latin America, he
also worked to bring people closer together and to share with others the
American ideals he so well represents. A devoted family man, business leader,
and statesman for democracy, Sam Walton demonstrates the virtue of faith, hope
and hard work. America honors this captain of commerce, as successful in life as
in business."

In view of the facts stated above, Sam should be considered an ideal candidate
for Nobel Peace Prize for lifting people out of poverty. However, the fact
remains that nobody had ever been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize posthumously.
Late Sam left his worldwide organization Wal-Mart that merits attention for
global recognition.

The writer is based in the USA.

Email: iftuahmed@sbcglobal.net

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            December 4, 1992, Friday

Farmers hit by tornadoes request federal disaster aid

BYLINE: By Kathey Alexander STAFF WRITERdisasters; georgia; agriculture;
government; aid

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section E; Page 5

LENGTH: 509 words


Dozens of Georgia farmers and homeowners asked for federal assistance Thursday
to cover tornado losses as three disaster assistance centers opened in North
Georgia, but in Eatonton all they want is some hay.

"Whether it's rolls or square bales, it doesn't matter," said Bill Lee, who with
his father has taken in about 400 cows from nearby farms damaged by tornadoes
nearly two weeks ago. "We've been trying to go through the government, but
there's so much paperwork, they don't know how long it will be. The cows don't
understand about paperwork."

Other farmers have donated enough hay for about two weeks, but it will take much
longer for dairymen in Putnam County to repair millions of dollars in tornado
damage. Many farmers were unaware of the deadline for asking for hay from the
Red Cross, and missed out on the six free bales. Now they're asking for help
keeping the livestock alive.

And at disaster application centers that opened Thursday in Cobb, Putnam and
Carroll counties, homeowners, farmers and business owners were asking for
federal help after storms ripped a path of $ 49 million in destruction through
five counties that have been declared federal disaster areas.

Statewide toll more than $ 70 million

Statewide, emergency management agency officials estimated damage at $ 70
million. But insurance industry officials believe the damage is worse. At least
$ 75 million worth of insured property was damaged, the Insurance Information
Institute said.

Then there are uninsured losses eligible for federal aid, like Lee Beavers' four
Cherokee County chicken houses, where the twister took a $ 55,000 toll. Mr.
Beavers thinks the low-interest agricultural loan he found out about Thursday
may help him put the farm back together.

But fellow Cherokee chicken farmer Terry Mercer isn't sure how much federal aid
will help with five demolished chicken houses worth about $ 250,000.

"We worked a year and a half or two years, and now my income was wiped out in
about 30 seconds," said Mr. Mercer, who's not sure he's willing to go into debt
to rebuild.

Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) officials are encouraging all
property owners to apply for assistance. "A lot of people think it's either a
FEMA grant or loan or nothing," said FEMA spokesman Frank Haley. "The truth is,
even though they may not qualify for that, they probably would qualify for one
of the other associated programs."

Disaster applications

Three disaster application centers are open until Sunday to help residents in
five Georgia Counties eligible for federal assistance. The centers are:

For Cobb and Cherokee counties, the old Kennesaw elementary school at 6997 Keene
St., Kennesaw.

For Greene and Putnam counties, the National Guard Armory on Godfrey Road in
Eatonton.

For Carroll County, the Carroll County Agricultural Center, 900 Newnan Road,
Carrollton.

Applications are accepted by phone at (800) 462-9029.

Applicants should supply Social Security numbers, insurance and income
information and directions to the damaged property.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923440407

GRAPHIC: photo: A tornado splintered this tree last month when it ripped through
a Putnam County dairy farm. / W.A. BRIDGES JR. / Staff

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Jan. 15

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 423 words


New to farming? Find out more

ORLAND   A Beginning Farmer and Rancher Workshop will take place 8:30 a.m. to 1
p.m. Tuesday at 831 Fifth St. in Orland.

The cost is $40.

The program's title is "Civics in Agriculture: What Every Producer Needs to
Know."

A panel will include agricultural commissioners from Butte, Glenn and Tehama
counties.

For information: Northern California Regional Land Trust, 894-7738.

Prune strategies workshops

Three educational sessions focused on prune market conditions and marketing
strategies take place this month.

* Yuba City   4:30 p.m. Jan. 24 at The Refuge, 1501 Butte House Road.

* Chico   10:30 a.m. Jan. 25, Marie Callender's, 1910 E. 20th St.

* Orland   5 p.m. Jan. 25, the Berry Patch, 900 Newville Road.

The workshops are intended to help growers negotiate better marketing contracts
and mitigate the financial risk facing their farming operations. Growers who are
not members of the Prune Bargaining Association must register:
greg@prunebargaining.com or 674-5636.

Walnut Day and Almond Institute

CHICO   The annual workshop on almond and walnut news, laws and the industry
takes place 8:30 a.m. to 2:15 p.m. Feb. 1 at the Masonic Family Center in Chico.
Cost is free; $12 for lunch. Mail checks to: UC Cooperative Extension, 2279-B
Del Oro Ave., Oroville, CA 95965.

Rice grower meetings this month

University of California annual rice growers' meetings take place this month.
The program includes a pesticide regulation update, new weed programs, pest
management in stored rice, grading standards and fertility studies.

Richvale   1:30 p.m. Jan. 23, Evangelical Church, 5219 Church St.

Glenn   1:30 p.m. Jan. 30, Glenn Pheasant Hall, 1522 Highway 45, south of Glenn.

USDA consolidating offices

WASHINGTON, D.C.   The U.S. Department of Agriculture is consolidating offices,
including closing 259 domestic offices, facilities and labs across the country,
as well as seven foreign offices.

Farm Services offices in Glenn and Butte counties will remain open.

The actions are intended to save $150 million annually.

To view the full press release: www.usda.gov/strongerservice.

Loans due to loss from heavy rain

Butte and Glenn county growers who lost more than 30 percent of production due
to excessive rain May 1 through June 28 are eligible for emergency loans.

The Secretary of Agriculture designated an emergency in San Joaquin and Tehama
counties, which also applies to losses in 12 contiguous counties.

For information about requirements, contact the Farm Service Agency, 132 A N.
Enright Ave., Willows, CA 95988 or 934-4669.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Spain agrees to fund Kenya's wind power project

LENGTH: 906 words


Text of report by Jaindi Kisero entitled "Spain gives giant Turkana Wind Power
Project 150m dollars funding" published by Kenyan newspaper The EastAfrican
website on 28 February; subheading as published

Lake Turkana Wind Power Ltd - the largest wind power project in Africa and
Kenya's most ambitious green energy venture yet - has just achieved a major
breakthrough with the Spanish government stepping in with a 150m dollars (110m
euros) offer to finance construction of the transmission line.

The entry of the Spaniards has come at a time when anxiety was beginning to grow
over whether the massive project would achieve financial closure.

African Development Bank, the financial arrangers of the project, had warned the
government that reaching financial closure on the 300MW wind farm would be
difficult without a firm commitment that financing of the transmission line was
fully funded.

The project will involve the construction of a 427-kilometre double circuit
transmission line between Loiyangalani in Marsabit, northern Kenya, and the
nearest point to the national grid at Suswa, approximately 100 kilometres from
Nairobi.

The Lake Turkana Wind Power Project is significant to Kenya's energy security
because it will represent a fifth of Kenya's existing capacity for generating
electricity.

At 300 MW, it eclipses the 290MW of expensive electricity Kenya is currently
buying from diesel-fired power plants under an emergency programme to bridge the
country's chronic power deficit.

Communication between Kenya's Ministries of Finance and Energy and the Spanish
government over the past one month indicates that the major milestones have been
met to close the financing for the project.

Documents seen by The EastAfrican now show that the government of Spain last
week wrote to the Treasury of Kenya with the 110m euros offer - half of which
will be on concessional terms with the remainder on commercial terms.

The specific details of the offer by the Spanish government are as follows:
First, a concessional loan of 55m euros (74m dollars) at an interest of 0.10 per
cent, with a repayment period of 35 years, including a 14-year grace period.

This loan will be supported by a Financial Co-operation Agreement between
Kenya's Ministry of Finance and Spain's Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Trade.

Second, a Euro55 million commercial credit with official support from the
Spanish Export Credit Insurance Company will be extended on OECD terms.

Third, there will be a sovereign guarantee by the Kenyan government.

Way leave

The local costs of the project, including acquisition of the way leave, will be
met by the government through the Ministry of Energy.

The Spanish government has also indicated that the offer may be improved if the
government of Spain is granted a preferential price regarding the Certificates
of Emission Reduction (CERs) generated by the massive wind farm.

Kenya is ranked fifth in the world and first in Africa in terms of wind power
generation.

The country has compiled a wind energy atlas that gives indicative information
about the wind potential in various parts of the country.

And, to attract investment capital in wind resources power generation, the
government has published a "feed-in tariff" guaranteeing investors the minimum
tariff they can charge the off-taker, the Kenya Power and Lighting Company
(KPLC).

The feed-in tariff applies for 15 years from the date of the commissioning of
the wind power plant.

When completed, the Lake Turkana wind farm will be the largest producer of
national-grid fed wind energy any where in the world.

Until now, only Morocco and Egypt had implemented wind energy projects on any
significant scale.

The Lake Turkana Wind Power Project is so massive that implementation will
almost be a logistical nightmare - involving construction of 365 giant wind
turbines at a cost of 800bn dollars and transporting to Marsabit - almost 1,500
kilometres from the port of Mombasa.

The wind farm, to be constructed on a 66,000 hectares of land, is to be funded
by equity and long term loans, mainly by long term foreign financiers led by
KP&P of the Netherlands and supplier credits from Dutch manufacturers of wind
power generation equipment.

The transmission line will be funded by the state on lent to the state-owned
Kenya electricity transmission company.

Aldwych International, with operations in more than 15 countries, recently
became the main shareholder, having taken a 51 per cent stake.

The British firm has wide interests in Kenya's energy sector, with a sizable
stake in the Rabai thermal power plant that supplies 90 megawatts to the
national grid.

Aldwych's entry into the wind power project came after collapse of negotiations
between the original shareholders and Globeleq, the United Kingdom private
equity firm.

The wind farm company has recently signed a power purchase deal with the off
taker - the Kenya Power and Lighting Company - committing it to supply the
national grid at a price of 7.80 shillings (7.22 euro cents per kwh) - making
the wind farm the cheapest source of power in Kenya, and below the feed-in
tariff of 9 shillings.

Current generation mix is made of 719MW hydro, 163 MW geothermal, and 407 MW
thermal power - including 290 MW from emergency power producers.

That output stands against real demand level of 1,135 MW and peak demand of 1107
such units, leaving the reserve at just four per cent.

Source: The EastAfrican website, Nairobi, in English 28 Feb 10

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Nomination deadline nears for Farm Service Agency committees

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 279  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator
Juan Garcia reminds farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers that Aug.
1, is the deadline for local FSA county committee nominations.

County committees are a link between the farm community and the U.S. Department
of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to local committees share their
opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The Billings County Pioneer


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 7, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE BUDGET STRUGGLE: In Other Business;
New York Judge Is Confirmed to Lead F.B.I., but Surgeon General Vote Stalls

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 917 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 6


Once the Senate passed the budget reconciliation bill tonight, it moved quickly
to confirm Judge Louis J. Freeh as Director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and voted final passage of a $6.2 billion flood-relief bill
without dissent.

But Republican Senators prevented action on the House-Senate compromise on
President Clinton's national service legislation and on his nomination of Dr.
Joycelyn Elders to be Surgeon General. Both will be acted on, and are all but
certain to be approved, as soon as the Senate returns after Labor Day from a
month's vacation that is to begin on Saturday.

Republicans blocked enactment of the national service bill, a major campaign
promise by the President, after they learned that Senator John Kerry of
Massachusetts was blocking final action tonight on the spending bill for the
Agriculture Department.

No Debate on Freeh

Judge Freeh was confirmed without a word of debate, by unanimous consent. His
nomination had moved smoothly ever since President Clinton announced it. He
succeeds William S. Sessions, whom the President dismissed after Mr. Sessions
had long been hounded by ethical questions.

Judge Freeh, 43, was an F.B.I. agent from 1975 to 1981, when he became a Federal
prosecutor in New York City. He became a Federal judge in 1991.

The Senate did agree with the House and pass a compromise spending bill for
Congress itself. The House had passed the national service bill, the
flood-relief bill, and the agriculture and legislative spending bills earlier in
the day, during the Senate's 12 hours of budget debate.

The flood relief bill had been going back and forth between the House and the
Senate, getting bigger every time. Last week the House passed a bill with $2.8
billion in appropriations and $300 million more in lending authority.

The Senate, responding to higher requests from the Administration and demands
from farm state senators, raised that to a total $6.2 billion Wednesday. Today
the House added one more spoonful, putting one last $10.3 million into the
measure.

Most of the money in the bill would finance payments to farmers to compensate
for crop losses from flooding in the Midwest and drought in the South and to the
Federal Emergency Management Agency for other disaster efforts, including damage
from recent hurricanes.

Most of the money would be available immediately when Mr. Clinton signs the
bill, but about $1 billion of it is contingent on his signing a separate
declaration of an emergency

These are the main provisions of the flood relief bill:

*$1.05 billion to the Commodity Credit Corporation for crop loss payments to
farmers. These payments would cover the Midwest floods and other natural
disasters. Of the total, $300 million is contingent on an emergency declaration.

*Another $240 million for other Agriculture Department programs, plus $202
million in lending authority for various loan programs. The loans can be used
for refinancing debt, restoring farms and repairing farm structures, repairing
and building housing and restoring drinking water supplies.

*$2 billion, including $265 million in contingency financing, for F.E.M.A.'s
disaster relief fund. About $860 million goes to pay liabilities incurred in
previous disasters, including Hurricanes Andrew, Iniki and Hugo. The money goes
to repairing public buildings temporary housing, and grants to people to
compensate for personal property losses.

*$397 million, including $97 million in contingency financing, in lending
authority for the Small Business Administration, which would provide direct
low-interest loans to homeowners, renters and business owners to recover from
property damage caused by flooding.

*$196 million, including $96 million in contingency financing, to repair roads,
bridges and rail lines. It also provides $235 million, including $60 million in
contingency financing, for the Corps of Engineers for flood control operations,
levee repair and cleanup activities.

*$200 million for Community Development Block Grants to help states complete
projects related to the flood and $200 million for Commerce Department grants to
state and local governments for recovery planning and public works projects.

Service Bill Passes

The national service bill, which would have a spending ceiling of $1.5 billion
for its first three years, was one of President Clinton's major campaign
promises. It survived a Senate filibuster and the House quickly agreed to the
main provisions of the Senate bill.

The measure has two main parts. At a cost of about $60 each, it will seek to
involve 750,000 elementary and high school students the first year in public
service projects connected to their school curriculums; high school science
students, for example, might test a local river for pollution.

In the first year, about 20,000 full-time volunteers would work on largely local
projects, joining a city clean-up corps, for example, or volunteering to be
teacher aides. Their activities would be financed through Federal grants, and
they would receive a living allowance at minimum wage levels, health insurance
and child care if necessary. They could also receive up to two education grants
of $4,725 each, one for each year of service.

The bill provides spending ceilings of up to $300 million the first year, $500
million the second and $700 million the third.

The two spending bills provided $2.3 billion to pay the operating costs of
Congress and $71 billion for the Agriculture Department.

NAME: Louis J. Freeh

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Nomination deadline nears for Farm Service Agency committees

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 279  words


U S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator
Juan Garcia reminds farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers that Aug.
1, is the deadline for local FSA county committee nominations.

County committees are a link between the farm community and the U.S. Department
of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to local committees share their
opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan.1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Golden Valley News


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 17, 1994, Sunday

THE FLOOD OF '94: THE ROAD TO RECOVERY THE COST: IN THE END, WE ALL PAY Federal
relief doesn't come free, victims find

BYLINE: By Ken Foskett STAFF WRITERreports; atlanta/journal/constitution;
disasters; business; economy; georgia; housing; agriculture; government; aid;
costs; finances

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section E; Page 12

LENGTH: 1783 words


Costs to mount for years: But many grants for rebuilding must be matched by the
state or local governments and expenses not covered at all will have to be
absorbed by government treasuries or passed on to taxpayers.

Maffett's department store has been an anchor in Montezuma since 1977, selling
clothes and gifts to Macon County families in the tradition of a small,
family-run business.

Last week, after the Flint River put the store and three dozen others
underwater, what was left of Maffett's inventory lay scattered on the muddy
street: hundreds of shoes painted brown by the flood waters and racks of
clothing smelling strongly of the river.

Inside, Jack Maffett, the store's third-generation owner, leaned against a
squeegee in the gutted building and contemplated his fate after learning that an
8 percent loan was the best the federal government could do right now to make
him whole again.

"I always thought when they declared a disaster area, that was a lot of help,"
said Maffett, the same day President Clinton announced a $ 65 million aid
package for Georgia, Florida and Alabama. "It is for homeowners, but it's zero
for business owners."

Up and down the Flint and Ocmulgee rivers, business owners like Maffett,
homeowners and government officials are calculating their financial losses and
coping with the next phase of the disaster: how to pay for the damage.

They are learning that the federal relief, while significant, doesn't come free.
Many of the federal grants must be matched by the state or local governments.
Some expenses aren't covered at all and will have to be absorbed by government
treasuries or passed on to taxpayers.

"These programs in most cases are not designed to replace everything that these
folks lost," said Jerry L. Ostendorf, Emergency Management Bureau chief for Iowa
and the veteran of six floods since 1990. "They are designed to help people get
back on their feet. . . . But the bottom line is that people are not going to be
made whole."

Georgia confronts the rebuilding task with at least one piece of good news: a $
220 million budget reserve that will soften the flood's initial blow. But
veterans of disasters in Florida, Iowa and Illinois warn that indirect costs
will continue to mount for years to come.

Florida estimates it will be paying for the damage caused by Hurricane Andrew in
1992 for the next ten years.

Georgia officials say they won't have even preliminary damage estimates for
another two weeks. Those calculations will likely include only the immediate
cost of the clean up and the repair to roads and bridges.

The long-term damage to the state's economy and business environment, by the
flood losses in an area that has seen less economic growth than elsewhere, may
take many months to fully evaluate.

How, how not to share costs

In the coming weeks and months, policy-makers will make a number of key
decisions about how - or how not to - share the costs. They will also decide how
much state spending priorities will need to be shifted to help flood-ravaged
communities and pay for damage not covered by the federal government.

Local leaders and the state officials will be grappling with the side effects of
the disaster in ways they never imagined. "The costs ripple through your
system," said David Coburn, Florida's budget director.

In three budgets since Hurricane Andrew ripped through South Florida, state
officials have spent $ 82 million to match federal relief funds and nearly $ 600
million on hurricane recovery projects independent of the federal assistance.

Much of Florida's expense has gone to replace tax revenues that were lost when
homes and businesses were literally blown off the tax rolls, according to
Coburn.

While it's impossible now to estimate the economic impact on Georgia, the state
already knows the floods damaged more than a thousand homes and hundreds of
businesses.

"There is a certain level of business that is not going to come back," said
Coburn. "Once they are wiped out it's just not worth it to them. They will take
their insurance check and just walk. And when they walk, all those jobs walk
too."

How state officials move to help business owners such as Maffett in Montezuma,
and others like him in the 43-county disaster area, will determine the outcome
of the recovery in Georgia.

Maffett, for example, says he won't take the federal government's 8 percent
loan.

"In a small town, the return on investment is just not that big. It's hard
enough as it is," he said. "I will sell off whatever I can and close the door."

The departure of people like Maffett from Montezuma could lead other businesses
to follow suit, leaving downtown an empty shell. City officials will find no
federal relief program to replace the lost tax revenues if those businesses
don't reopen.

"We're looking at what can be done," said Gov. Zell Miller. "I understand that
is a very big problem."

In Florida, legislators set up a small-business loan program to entice owners to
rebuild while waiting out the lengthy process of applying for disaster loans
through the Small Business Administration. In Georgia's case, because the
stricken area is largely rural, there may be different answers needed.

Georgia officials say it is still too early to tell what kind of special relief
the state might offer without knowing the final price tag on the damage.

City and county governments are also facing a slew of costs from the flood that
may or may not be reimbursed by the federal government.

Governments can apply to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which
coordinates disaster relief, for grants to replace destroyed or damaged public
infrastructure.

Local governments must pick up, however, 25 percent of the costs. State
officials initially said it would be weeks before they decide whether to assume
that 25 percent match entirely or share it with cities and counties in
flood-damaged areas, but Miller has said the state will pick up the tab.

"It's very clear to me that the state is in much better shape to deal with that
25 percent than these local communities are," Miller said. The governor also
said the state would not raise taxes to cope with the disaster.

"We'll get it all done," he said. "We're in good fiscal shape."

Georgia citizens beyond the flood zones, however, could face extra costs as a
result of the damage. In Florida, for example, homeowner insurance policies
increased an average of 30 percent as insurance companies sought to recoup their
losses from Hurricane Andrew. Because the flooding in Georgia was so unusual,
that may not be the case here.

Even if the state matches the federal relief money, there are some flood costs
that local governments will never recover.

In Macon, for example, the city and county's water plant has been shut down for
10 days and may not re-open until late this week. Two of the county's sewage
plants were also closed during the worst of the flooding.

The water and sewer plants generate $ 1.7 million a month in fees, much of which
won't be charged or collected for July.

"You have to eat that," said Gene Holcomb, executive director of the Macon Water
Authority.

Holcomb says he thinks the water authority can get through the flood without a
rate increase and make payments on its revenue bonds, but he says that the
authority may be forced to re-issue $ 20 million worth of bonds in 1998.

Personnel costs 'tremendous'

Money on hand now that was intended to expand other parts of the water system
will instead be used to cover flood losses, he says, forcing the authority - and
the rate payers - to assume debt that they had not planned to.

In the meantime, "we just have to not do some of the projects we wanted to," he
said.

At City Hall, officials are beginning to worry about how they will pay the
overtime costs of the hundreds of city employees that have worked double,
sometimes triple, shifts to coordinate the relief effort.

FEMA will pay overtime, but the expenses must be carefully documented. Macon now
has four employees assigned exclusively to ensuring that they have the paperwork
in hand that FEMA needs.

"The personnel costs alone during that initial period of emergency are
tremendous," says Gary Sparks, flood coordinator for Quincy, Ill., where
Mississippi floods caused extensive damage last year. "Very few communities have
that kind of cash flow to sustain something like that."

Macon officials were relieved to learn that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
will pay the full cost of rebuilding the city's earthen levee, which lost a 300
foot section to the floods.

But the construction will not begin until the fall and the city wants to erect a
temporary dike to ensure that the city isn't flooded again in the meantime.

City officials aren't sure if FEMA will pay for the cost of the temporary
structure. There is no time to get advance approval. Officials will submit the
bills and hope for the best.

Officials may not even yet realize some of the biggest expenses, according to
veterans of other natural disasters.

In Quincy, the floods destroyed the city's sewer system. FEMA offered to pay for
the replacement costs, but the system was old and officials realized that it
would be more prudent to re-route a piece of the system.

The city picked the cost of the rerouting, Sparks said.

"As time goes on, your public works people are going to find things that you
weren't aware of," he said.

Macon Mayor Tommy Olmstead said he believes that the city can absorb the extra
expense without raising taxes, but the city's problems are going to be
compounded by lost revenue.

Without water for 10 days, many of the city's hotels and motels have closed or
are putting up few guests, meaning hotel and motel taxes are going to be down in
July. Sales tax revenue will also likely be off. And police officers haven't
been writing traffic tickets because they have been reassigned to flood duties.

"That's what concerns me - all these unseen expenses," said Olmstead. "I don't
know how much we will be able to catch up."

Despite the uncertain future, the state does have one positive dynamic working
in its favor.

The strong economy in the past two years has enabled revenue officials to build
up the state's shortfall reserve account to about $ 220 million. Four years ago,
the account, appropriately called the "rainy day reserve," was empty because of
the recession.

The reserve fund, combined with unspent money from the fiscal year that ended
June 30, will give state officials some cushion before they are forced to
re-allocate resources.

"We are fortunate," said budget director Hank Huckaby. "Those funds will be
available for a fall-back position."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942020596

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. Zell Miller chats with President Clinton during the
president's visit to South Georgia on Wednesday. / RICK McKAY / Washington
Bureau Photo: Members of the Vienna Volunteer Fire Department load boxes of
bottled drinking water bound for Dooley County. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff Chart:
Loans and grants available Here's a partial list of assistance flood victims can
get through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA): Disaster housing
assistance. For anyone whose residence has been destroyed, FEMA may provide
money to obtain rental housing or to make essential repairs. This may be a
combination of grants and loans. Individual and family grants. Grants of up to $
12,200 may be available to repair or replace a home, clothing, furnishings or
vehicles; or pay for disaster-related burial and funeral costs, and medical and
dental expenses. If a grant is awarded, the money does not have to be repaid.
The funds, administered by the state, are split 75 percent by FEMA and 25
percent by the state. Home/personal property disaster loans. Small Business
Administration low-interest loans (either 3.625 or 7.125 percent) are available
to homeowners and renters for restoring and replacing damaged real estate and
personal property. The maximum repayment period is 30 years, but will vary by
case, SBA officials say. Maximum is $ 200,000 for real estate and $ 40,000 for
personal property per household. Disaster unemployment assistance. Weekly
benefit payments can be provided to those out of work, including the
self-employed and farm workers. Benefits can be collected for up to 26 weeks and
the maximum weekly amount is $ 195. Business disaster loans. The Small Business
Administration offers loans (at either 4 percent or 7.125 percent) of up to $
1.5 million to repair or replace destroyed or damaged businesses, inventory or
equipment. Again, the maximum repayment period is 30 years, but will vary from
case-to-case. Housing loans/grants. The Farmers Home Administration can make
loans to damaged residences. Grants of up to $ 5,000 are available to applicants
62 and older with low incomes. Farm assistance. The Farmers Home Administration
may make emergency loans to farmers and ranchers who were operating and managing
a farm or ranch at the time of the flooding. EXPENSES THAT FEMA WON'T COVER:
Vacation homes Outdoor decks, patio furniture, fences and other household items
that would not be considered essential to make a damaged home "safe, sanitary
and secure." Lost tax revenue or public utility receipts caused by flooding.
Undocumented expenses may not be reimbursed to local governments for
infrastructure repairs and disaster relief. Infrastructure expenses beyond
straight replacement value. Governments that seek to enhance damaged
infrastructure must pay the additional costs of the enhancements. Business
owners are not eligible for outright grants; they must seek loans. ASSISTANCE
ALREADY PROMISED TO GEORGIA: $ 11.6 million from FEMA to help in the relief
effort, ranging from cleaning up debris to paying for sandbags and providing
emergency water, food and shelter. Of this, $ 9.6 million would be for Georgia,
$ 1 million for Florida and $ 1 million for Alabama. $ 17.5 million in emergency
federal money to rebuild highways. Of this, $ 10 million would go to Georgia and
$ 2.5 million to Alabama. $ 38 million in temporary loans to public housing
authorities to rehabilitate homes damaged by floods. There would also be up to $
100 million in loans from existing Housing and Urban Development programs for
communities. There is no state-by-state breakdown available. $ 4 million in Job
Training Partnership Grants to pay workers, dislocated by the floods, to help in
the cleanup. The total amount is allocated for Georgia.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm System Bailout Goes to Reagan

                          December 19, 1985, Thursday

Bartlett Naylor

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress has sent an emergency rescue package for the ailing Farm Credit System
to President Reagan, who is expected to sign it into law.

The bill, passed by voice vote in the Senate late Tuesday night and in the House
on Wednesday, provides for a reorganization of the $74 billion system with the
aim of restricting aggressive lending practices.

The measure also gives the secretary of the Treasury authority, as a last
resort, to funnel federal money into the system if the Farm Credit Banks could
prove they had exhausted all available resources. Congress would first have to
pass a separate bill appropriating any bailout money.

The bill establishes the Farm Credit System Capital Corp. to help ailing system
lenders shed their bad loans, similar to the asset warehouse corporation being
established for troubled thrifts,

Farm Credit System officials estimate that the nation's largest source of
agricultural loans may face losses of $13 billion by 1987, which would bankrupt
the system and force a default on its bonds.

Banks, which own about half those bonds, fought the rescue plan because it
included no help for commercial lenders.

Congressional banking leaders have pledged to consider relief measures for farm
banks.

Bank lobbyists met in Kansas City earlier this week to discuss ways to persuade
Congress to help them. One provision banks may seek is access to the new Farm
Credit System Capital Corp., according to J. Denis O'Toole, legislative
coordinator for the American Bankers Association. The bankers also could ask for
the establishment of another assets warehouse, possibly funded through the
Farmers Home Administration.

Another request may be for the ability to amortize bad loans. In this way,
bankers could forestall regulatory closure.

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 297 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 24, 1982 Wednesday

European financiers woo   harried farm-loan agency

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 348 words


By  KEVIN COX
   Several European money-lenders have expressed an interest in putting
 money into the federal Farm Credit Corporation, which is running low on
 funds for low-interest loans to financially troubled farmers.

The FCC has almost exhausted its $500-million allotment from the
 federal Government and has a waiting list of hundreds of farmers who have
 been turned down by other institutions. The FCC is now only approving new
 loans as money becomes available from farmers paying off loans.

Legislation is before the House of Commons to enable the FCC to borrow
 money from sources other than the federal Treasury.

FCC vice-chairman Paul Babey said in an interview yesterday that many
 European money-lenders have approached the corporation. "We've had a
 number of people call this office and they were quite anxious to make
 their funds available here," he said. "Some were Swiss funds and I'm not
 sure if we could identify the currencies involved. Until we get the
 legislation we can't really look into this."
    He said FCC officials are cautious about borrowing money from foreign
 sources because of the low value of the Canadian dollar in relation to
 other currencies and the risk that it could go even lower.

The emergency $50-million in low-interest loans made available to
 farmers in "dire straits" is rapidly drying up and the Crown corporation
 may not have enough money for the applications it has received, Mr. Babey
 said.
    "I wouldn't say we've completely run out but it's getting so close that
 we're cautioning people that we have enough paper (applications ) on hand
 to cover the funds and we may run out of money," he said.

Mr. Babey refused to say how long the waiting list is.

Ronald White, vice-president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture,
 said farmers have been aware for some time that foreign financing is
 available but farm groups are not urging the FCC to take advantage of it.
    "There's a big risk when it comes to repaying, with the Canadian dollar
 the way it is and having to pay the money back in their currency. It would
 be an impossible situation," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Minnesota: RFA expands offer of zero-interest loans for farmers in flood
disaster counties

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

The Minnesota Rural Finance Authority (RFA) is expanding the eligibility of its
zero percent interest rate Disaster Loan program. The loans are now available in
32 counties to help farmers cover the costs to repair and replace items not
covered by insurance from flooding that occurred in early July.

The eligibility expansion matches the additional 24 counties that have been
added to the federal disaster declaration from July 21st.  The complete list now
includes Beltrami, Blue Earth, Brown, Carver, Chippewa, Dodge, Faribault,
Freeborn, Jackson, Koochiching, Lac Qui Parle, Lake of the Woods, Le Sueur,
Marshall, Martin, McLeod, Murray, Nicollet, Nobles, Pipestone, Redwood,
Renville, Rice, Rock, Roseau, Scott, Sibley, Steele, Todd, Wadena, Waseca, and
Yellow Medicine counties.

As with other RFA loans, the Disaster Loan program will be available for farmers
through their existing agricultural lenders for financing for these repairs. The
loans can be used to help clean up, repair, or replace farm structures and to
replace seed, other crop inputs, feed, and livestock.  The loan may also be used
to repair and restore farm real estate that was damaged by flooding.  The RFA
participation is limited to 45 percent of the principal amount up to a maximum
of $50,000.

The RFA partners with local lenders to provide affordable credit to eligible
farmers. Loan participations are purchased by the RFA under several programs
that assist beginning farmers purchase agricultural land; finance improvements
to the farm such as grain handling facilities, machine storage, and manure
systems; help farmers reorganize their farm debt to improve cash flow; and,
finance new livestock production facilities.  Over $209 million has been
invested in over 2,800 participations by the RFA in these programs.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: NM Delegation Presses for Disaster Assistance for Farmers and
Ranchers Recovering from December Storms

LENGTH: 830  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representatives
Steve Pearce, Ben Ray Luján and Michelle Lujan Grisham asked U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack to quickly approve the State of New Mexico's request for
disaster assistance following December's catastrophic winter storm. The storm
hurt farmers and ranchers across 18 New Mexico counties, and a secretarial
disaster designation would allow them to access Farm Service Agency emergency
loans. These loans can be used for many different purposes, including helping
farmers and ranchers replace livestock, pay family living expenses or reorganize
farm operations.



 "The agricultural sector is vital to New Mexico, and is the backbone of the
rural economy," the delegation wrote in a letter to Secretary Vilsack. "The
livestock mortalities in these counties will have a detrimental effect on the
dairy, beef, and sheep within New Mexico. Future damages and losses to farms,
ranches and dairies are likely to be significant."



 Among other losses, thousands of dairy cows were killed in Eastern New Mexico
alone. New Mexico is the ninth-largest dairy producing state in the country, and
dairy is a crucial part of the state's economy. In addition to dairy production,
thousands of New Mexico jobs depend on cattle growing, farming and livestock.





 "Recovering from this storm will require a full and coordinated approach," the
letter continues. "We greatly appreciate the work already done by New
Mexico-based USDA employees to assess damages and provide information about USDA
programs. Given the wide-spread geographic area of this disaster, and more
expected storms in coming weeks, we request speedy action on this request in
order to get assistance to impacted communities as quickly as possible."



 Farmers and ranchers affected by the storms may already be eligible for
assistance through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Livestock Indemnity
Program (LIP). LIP was permanently authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill to provide
benefits to livestock producers for livestock deaths in excess of normal
mortality caused by adverse weather. LIP payments are equal to 75 percent of the
market value of the applicable livestock on the day before the date of death of
the livestock as determined by the Secretary. The livestock must have been
maintained for commercial use as part of a farming operation. LIP is
administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency (FSA).



 For more information about eligibility and disaster assistance deadlines, New
Mexicans should contact their local U.S. Department of Agriculture FSA office as
soon as possible, or visit the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Disaster
Assistance Program page.



 The lawmakers' letter is available HERE and below:

 The Honorable Tom Vilsack

 Secretary of Agriculture

 United States Department of Agriculture

 1400 Independence Ave. SW, Room 200

 Washington, D.C.  20250



 Dear Secretary Vilsack:



 We respectfully request that you take prompt action on Governor Susana
Martinez's request for a Secretarial Disaster Declaration as a result of a
catastrophic winter storm that swept through New Mexico in December 2015. The
storm resulted in wide-spread damage to the agricultural sector in the following
counties: Colfax, Union, Harding, Mora, San Miguel, Quay, Guadalupe, Torrance,
De Baca, Roosevelt, Curry, Lincoln, Chaves, Lea, Eddy, Otero, Socorro, and Santa
Fe.



 A Secretarial disaster designation will immediately trigger the availability of
low-interest Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans to eligible producers in
all primary and contiguous counties. The agricultural sector is vital to New
Mexico, and is the backbone of the rural economy. The livestock mortalities in
these counties will have a detrimental effect on the dairy, beef, and sheep
within New Mexico. Future damages and losses to farms, ranches and dairies are
likely to be significant.



 Recovering from this storm will require a full and coordinated approach. We
greatly appreciate the work already done by New Mexico-based USDA employees to
assess damages and provide information about USDA programs. Given the
wide-spread geographic area of this disaster, and more expected storms in coming
weeks, we request speedy action on this request in order to get assistance to
impacted communities as quickly as possible.



 We appreciate your past responsiveness to the State of New Mexico when our
communities have sought federal disaster assistance, and thank you for your
attention to and consideration of this important request.




 Sincerely,

 U.S. Senator Tom Udall

 U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich

 U.S. Representative Steve Pearce

 U.S. Representative Ben Ray Luján

 U.S. Representative Michelle Lujan Grisham



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Delaware State News

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Aid sought for farmers; Minner requests federal funding for drought losses

BYLINE: Kate House-Layton, Delaware State News, Dover

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Aug. 23--DOVER -- Gov. Ruth Ann Minner on Wednesday announced her request for
drought disaster funds for Delaware farmers from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Gov. Minner sent the request letter to USDA Secretary Mike Johanns.

"Protecting our farmers is vital to the success of our agriculture industry,"
Gov. Minner said.

"The crop losses brought on by this year's dry conditions have had a significant
impact on most of Delaware's farmers and my request will hopefully provide them
with some relief."

State Secretary of Agriculture Michael T. Scuse and the state Farm Service
Agency's Delaware emergency board recommended the request based on estimates
that 90 percent of the state's farmers sustained crop losses in excess of 30
percent of their expected production.

The governor also received minutes of the emergency board's Aug. 14 meeting
minutes on drought conditions for all three Delaware counties and rainfall and
temperature data for the crop year.

Richard Bergold, state executive director of the emergency board and Farm
Service Agency, said this year's drought and summer heat substantially affected
corn, soybeans, green beans, lima beans, corn silage, sorghum, hay and pasture.

The recent rain, he said, is not enough to repair some of the damage, and
irrigation costs money.

"It's way too late for corn," Mr. Bergold said.

The rain, he said, could help second crop soybeans, but farms are approaching
the end of the growing season.

Mr. Bergold was not sure how much Delaware would receive in relief funds.

Farmers would have to apply and qualify within eight months for loans to help
them recover from the loss, he said.

To see more of Delaware State News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newszap.com/dover Copyright (c) 2007, Delaware State News, Dover
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070823-DS-FARMERS-AID-20070823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DS


                       Copyright 2007 Delaware State News


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday
                        The International Herald Tribune

Rotterdam Gallery Defends Security Measures

BYLINE: By DOREEN CARVAJAL and

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 940 words


PARI -- In the aftermath of the theft of seven valuable artworks in Rotterdam,
the Kunsthal gallery on Friday denied accusations of sloppy security instead of
celebrating the 20th anniversary of a museum that was designed with open and
flexible architecture.

The gallery's director, Emily Ansenk, dismissed as nonsense reports that a back
emergency door had been left unlocked for thieves who made their way through the
entrance into the museum on Tuesday morning without leaving obvious pry marks.

But the police made it clear through their most recent declarations that they
were investigating whether someone remained behind in the museum after closing
hours and could have opened the door.

The gallery, which has no permanent collection of its own, has come under
withering scrutiny. The Algemeen Dagblad, a local newspaper, reported this week
that a visitor complained that three months ago he and another person were
trapped there at closing time and left through the same emergency exit, raising
the possibility that someone could have opened the door to the thieves after
hours.

The recriminations are part of a standard ritual in high-profile art thefts
where museums confront questions about security and then face years of trying to
track down valuable paintings. In the second stage, the cast generally includes
police investigators, insurance adjusters and lawyers who often emerge offering
information from what one museum official characterized as the murky ''other
side.''

In this case, the artworks' owner, the Triton Foundation, has left it to the
Kunsthal to endure the public pressures. The foundation, which was formed in
2011 after the death of Willem Cordia, a millionaire Dutch investor and
collector, has no Web site; museum curators who have benefited from their
temporary loans, meanwhile, refuse to share contact details.

The foundation, which is not registered in the Netherlands, is now run by a
family member, Marlies Cordia-Roeloffs, who did not respond to repeated
messages. The family also owns a stable, the Jewel Court Stud farm, near
Antwerp, Belgium, with a Web site containing extensive information about the
births of foals and show horses for dressage competitions. A person at the stud
farm also declined to provide any contact information about the Triton
Foundation.

The seven stolen artworks, which included works by Picasso, Matisse and Monet,
were quickly replaced with other works from the foundation so that the museum
opened on Wednesday with no empty spaces. Its light-filled windows were
fortified outside by new, enormous stone planters. And Kunsthal officials
avoided dwelling on the theft, refusing to identify where missing paintings
hung.

''Seven works were stolen and there are seven new works from the same
foundation,'' said Mariëtte Maaskant, a spokeswoman for the gallery.

One of the stolen art works, ''Woman with Eyes Closed,'' by Lucian Freud, was
exhibited on temporary loan in the spring to the National Portrait Gallery in
London, which had upgraded its security in connection with an exhibit of Freud's
works, said the museum's director, Sandy Nairne.

''We redid all our security systems because of the high values of Lucien Freud's
paintings,'' said Mr. Nairne, former program director at the Tate Gallery, in
London. ''I was hugely conscious of it and now I feel such sympathy for the
Kunsthal.''

Mr. Nairne is the author of ''Art Theft,'' a book about his own journey to
recovery two J.M.W. Turner paintings that belonged to the Tate, were stolen in
1994 and were missing for more than eight years.

In that case, the art was on temporary loan to the Schirn Kunsthalle, a
Frankfurt gallery that also does not have its own permanent collection. The
thieves stayed behind after hours and attacked the guard before fleeing with two
Turner paintings.

Three low-level thieves were eventually arrested and imprisoned, but in a
typical pattern, Mr. Nairne said, the thieves passed the artwork on to others in
a criminal underworld. While the paintings were missing, a number of lawyers
emerged offering information from anonymous sources, including a Frankfurt
lawyer who had represented a Balkan organized-crime figure based in Germany.

The Tate eventually paid for investigative expenses and more than &#x20ac;5
million, or about $6.5 million at current exchange rates, to the lawyer for
information leading to the recovery of the paintings, in 2002.

''It taught me a lot of things I didn't want to know about the criminal world,''
Mr. Nairne said. ''There are criminal activities that flit around the world we
work in, and we need to consider that. There's a link between the huge values of
paintings and the incentives to steal.''

That art heist left scars; this past summer the Tate created a special digital
exhibit of missing and stolen works, ''The Gallery of Lost Art.'' Included in it
is another Freud portrait of Francis Bacon that was stolen in 1988 from a Berlin
show. The theft so angered the artist that in 2001 he created his own elegant
wanted poster.

Since the theft at the Kunsthal, museum officials have avoided estimating a
price for the seven paintings, in effect denying a benchmark to thieves who
typically demand 10 percent of the value of a stolen painting, experts said.

Late Friday, the police released three dark, grainy photos from surveillance
cameras of the thieves apparently walking out the rear door. Their faces were
not visible, but the hope is that their bags are recognizable. The police have
also canvassed the neighborhood and posted leaflets calling on witnesses who
might have seen something suspicious.

Christopher F. Schuetze reported from Rotterdam.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/20/arts/20iht-heist20.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Feds providing farmers funding for drought relief

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 534 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- After the hottest July in U.S. history, New Mexico senators
announced in a press release much needed relief for the state's farmers as the
U.S. Department of Agriculture is releasing funds to help crop and livestock
producers.



According to the press release from U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Jeff Bingaman,
farmers and ranchers in all 33 of New Mexico's counties are eligible for federal
assistance with primary or contiguous designations due to moderate to extreme
drought conditions.


"Everyone knows it's bad; when we get together we always talk about how bad it
is and if it will get worse," Eddy County Extension Agent Woods Houghton said.


Houghton said he hasn't received many calls this summer about relief in respect
to the dry conditions, but he plans on getting the word out after Wednesday's
announcement.


In the press release, the two senators announced that in light of historic
drought conditions, the USDA is taking steps to immediately help crop and
livestock producers across New Mexico. The state will receive $628,588 from the
USDA's National Resources Conservation Service for prescribed grazing, livestock
watering facilities and water conservation practices. The USDA also announced it
will transfer $14 million into the Emergency Conservation Program for eligible
farmers and ranchers in drought-impacted states for assistance in moving water
to livestock in need, emergency forage for livestock and efforts to rehabilitate
lands severely impacted by the drought.


"Throughout New Mexico, we have been hearing from farmers and ranchers on the
terrible conditions they face due to fires and drought," Udall said in the press
release. "Farmers are suffering from depleted crops due to lack of moisture;
ranchers are having to rely on feed, causing production costs to skyrocket and
forcing them to reduce their herds. This is welcome news for rural communities
across our state, and I appreciate (USDA) Secretary (of Agriculture Tom)
Vilsack's swift action in providing much needed relief."


"Farmers and ranchers in our state and across the country are suffering terribly
because of this devastating drought. With this funding for New Mexico, it is
clear to me that USDA is hard at work trying to assist farmers and ranchers in
their time of need," Bingaman said in the press release.

According to the press release, producers throughout New Mexico have suffered
significant production losses due to high temperatures, high winds and extended
lack of precipitation. As a result of the drought, extreme fire danger exists
across most of the state, with more than 345,000 acres already burned.


USDA also declared Sandoval County as a primary natural disaster area Wednesday.
Sandoval County was previously eligible to receive assistance as a contiguous
disaster designation, but due to severe drought for eight or more consecutive
weeks during the growing season, USDA moved the county to primary designation
status.


With a disaster designation, farm operators in these counties are eligible for
Farm Service Agency assistance, including emergency loans. Farmers in these
counties will have eight months from the date of the disaster declaration to
apply for emergency loan assistance.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 22, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AHOULD BANKS CROSS STATE LINES?;
A VITAL ALTERNATIVE FOR FAILING BANKS

BYLINE: By JOHN P. LAWARE; John P. LaWare is chairman and chief executive
officer of Shawmut Corporation in Boston and chairman of the Association of Bank
Holding Companies.

SECTION: Section 3; Page 2, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 888 words


THIS week, the House Banking Committee will begin considering a bill that would
permit emergency acquisitions of failing banks by out-of-state financial
institutions. In view of the current economic distress in the farm belt and
energy-producing states, as well as the pressures on the Government's deposit
insurance funds, speedy passage of the legislation is essential.

The ''regulators' bill'' - so-called because it is backed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation - recognizes the fact that economic cycles today tend to affect
regions unevenly. Thus, if a particular region is hit hard, even the strongest
banks in that area may be unable to lend assistance to neighboring financial
institutions.

Regrettably, consumer groups see in the emergency atmosphere an excellent
opportunity to advance their agenda. They are urging Congress to tighten further
the regulatory noose that for more than half a century has constrained the
ability of banks to compete. Specifically, they are pushing for a test to prove
that interstate acquisitions would not dilute local competition, for public
disclosure of the acquiring bank's community reinvestment record and for
disclosure of the geographic placement of loans by the acquired bank.

These amendments are not only unnecessary, but would be destructive as well. The
sort of acquisitions that would be allowed under the bill would take place at
the 11th hour, expressly to rescue a failing bank. To further encumber this
process with unrelated tests - in a time of emergency -runs counter to the best
interests of the community concerned. Moreover, the bill already provides that
neighboring institutions should have preference in rescuing their failing
neighbors.

The disclosure requirements would be particularly harmful. Community
reinvestment records properly are reviewed and negotiated if necessary with the
examining authorities. Even if a bank had an acceptable record, it would be
reluctant to enter into voluntary disclosure while competing institutions did
not have the same burden.

The same holds for disclosing the geographic placement of loans. For a bank to
reveal this sort of information is like Coke revealing its formula. Such a
requirement would discourage many banks from engaging in rescue operations.

And that's the main point. The legislation is designed specifically to handle
the emergencies that are arising in the farm and energy states. Acquisitions of
failing banks should not be perceived as a boon to the acquiring bank. For the
most part, the acquired banks need infusions of capital and a lot of time to be
nursed back to economic health. It will not take much to discourage banks from
making such acquisitions.

Rather than looking for ways to leash commercial banks, consumer groups should
look at the broader issues of financial deregulation. Because of loopholes in
Federal law, increasing numbers of ''non-bank'' financial intermediaries today
are essentially free to conduct their quasi-banking operations in any location
across the nation. These intermediaries, such as Sears, American Express and
Prudential-Bache, are relatively unencumbered by rate caps and anti-competitive
tests, and have no statutory obligation to serve their communities. To saddle
commercial banks with onerous reporting requirements is to confer an even
greater competitive advantage to these financial institutions, which are largely
unregulated. AND there is much more of the banking regulatory apparatus that
should be eliminated:

* Banks, despite their obvious experience in the investment area, are barred
from a number of low-risk activities, including underwriting highly rated
corporate debt issues. At the same time, they are being urged to extend loans to
corporate borrowers that have no rating. Thus, a bank's judgment is trusted in
making loans but not in underwriting.

* Bank holding companies are prohibited from full, direct participation in the
commercial paper market. At the same time, however, they are encouraged to
assume the greater risk inherent in providing lines of credit to the very
corporations that are issuing the commercial paper. In other words, banks can
assume much of the risk but are excluded from the bulk of the profits in the
transaction.

* Domestic bank holding companies are permitted to underwrite securities and
sell insurance overseas, but they cannot do the same in the United States.

The keystone of the American economy has been that competition fosters
efficiency and innovation. Commercial banking, to the contrary, for the last
half-century has been restricted by regulation from playing a fully competitive
role in providing financial services.

It is urgent that banks be permitted to become more competitive if they are to
serve their communities in an increasingly demanding economic environment. It is
in the best interest of individuals, communities and shareholders when banks are
challenged to provide responsive service and increased efficiency. The proposed
bill is intended to permit banks to resolve difficulties arising within their
own industry. To substitute that worthwhile intent with a goal of more
regulation would be misguided.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 10, 1994 Thursday

LENGTH: 343 words


Essay contest for fourth-graders The Bismarck-Mandan Chamber of Commerce
agriculture committee is sponsoring an essay contest for the community's
fourth-grade students. Teachers are having students write essays on ""Burgers,
Buns and Beans; the business of farming.'' Two students and their teachers will
win shares of Super Valu stock and donated services from Smith Barney, Shearson.
Winners will be announced in April.

Board members attend meeting Marlene Kouba of Regent, state president and
national education chairman of Women Involved in Farm Economics, recently
attended the organization's board meeting in Irving, Texas. Phyllis Howatt of
Langdon, area director for seven northern states, also attended the meeting.

Ewe abortions can be infectious Abortion problems in a ewe flock can often be
treated or managed. Infections that cause ewe abortions are spread orally, said
George Schamber, veterinary diagnostician at North Dakota State University.
Separating ewes that haven't lambed from those that have aborted or lambed can
prevent the spread of abortion in the flock, said Schamber. Aborted fetuses and
placental tissue must be properly disposed of immediately, he said. Sheep also
respond to treatment with broad spectrum antibiotics, Schamber said.

FmHA loan applications due North Dakota farmers have from March 21 to April 11
to file Farmers Home Administration emergency loans. Farmers who suffered
qualifying crop production losses and who meet FmHA emergency loan eligibility
requirements should contact local FmHA offices, said FmHA state director Charles
F. Mertens. The FmHA can make emergency loans based on 1993 disastrous weather
everywhere in North Dakota except for Bowman and Golden Valley counties. FmHA
offices have application packets available, and regulations for calculating crop
production loss percentages have changed, Mertens said. The new rules allow more
farmers to become eligible for emergency loans, he said. Farmers who previously
applied, but did not qualify, should contact FmHA for reconsideration, Mertens
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       AUGUST 14, 1999 Saturday D EDITION

PA. DECLARED A FARMING DISASTER AREA ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE USDA DESIGNATION MAKES
FARMERS ELIGIBLE FOR LOW-LOST FEDERAL LOANS TO EASE DROUGHT LOSSES.

BYLINE: Diane Mastrull, Mark Binker and Michelle Martinez, INQUIRER STAFF,
WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 844 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture yesterday declared Pennsylvania an
agricultural disaster area, making farmers eligible for low-interest loans to
help cover their losses.

With cornstalks stunted and soybean fields withering, estimates of crop loss
across the state have approached $500 million.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman's announcement came just three days
after New Jersey received the same disaster designation. It did not come a
moment too soon, said one Pennsylvania official.

"We're approaching a half a billion dollars in crop loss and it's growing - it's
the only thing growing right now," said Russell Redding, deputy secretary for
the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture.

The statewide disaster designation means that each of Pennsylvania's 67 counties
has demonstrated that it expects to lose at least 30 percent of at least one
crop, from corn and hay to fish and Christmas trees. Farmers have eight months
to apply for emergency, low-interest loans of up to $500,000 to help cover crop
damage and other drought-related losses.

Yesterday, one farmer said the opportunity for more debt isn't exactly the kind
of help farmers had in mind as they cope with the effects of weeks and weeks of
excessive heat and minimal rain.

"What they need to do is give disaster payments," said David Bishop, 40, a dairy
farmer in Plumstead, Bucks County.

While not wanting to sound ungrateful, he said many farmers not only are faced
with paying back loans they took out to finance planting and operations for this
summer, but they also are looking at taking out more loans to feed cattle over
the winter and to plant and operate next spring.

"I'm looking at being hit with a double whammy," Bishop said.

The sentiment was the same in at least one rural corner of Chester County.

The drought has caused Kent High Jr., 43, of North Coventry, a 50 percent or
greater loss of corn, alfalfa, wheat and soybeans grown to feed the 300 cows on
his dairy farm, which has been owned by High family members since the mid-1800s.

He was not interested in a federal loan.

"Low-interest loans - so what," High said. "You still got to pay money back."

That is why yesterday's federal boost should be considered only a first step
toward relief for Pennsylvania farmers, Gov. Ridge said in a statement released
late yesterday afternoon.

"We need Congress to award grants for Pennsylvania farmers when it returns in
the fall," Ridge said, adding that the state's farmers have suffered larger
financial losses from the drought than any other disaster state. Federal
agricultural officials also declared disaster areas this week for all of
Connecticut and portions of Maryland, Virginia, New Mexico and New York.

Twenty-two Pennsylvania counties were already part of the area where farmers are
eligible for the loans because they border already-declared disaster areas in
New Jersey, New York, Maryland and West Virginia.

Pennsylvania officials have said damage from the current drought - the worst in
30 years - would surpass the $750 million lost during the last comparable dry
spell, in 1979. In New Jersey, officials say losses could reach between $400
million and $500 million.

Although Delaware has not requested the designation, Gov. Thomas Carper declared
a drought emergency on Aug. 5 in the northern part of the state, which means
that mandatory water-use restrictions are in effect. The southern portion is
under a drought warning, and residents there are being asked to conserve water
voluntarily.

Similar water restrictions are in place in New Jersey and Pennsylvania following
drought emergency declarations issued by state officials.

With the growing number of states enduring drought conditions, President Clinton
last week announced the formation of a task force to help coordinate national
efforts to tackle the crisis.

As of Wednesday, all but three counties in Pennsylvania had lost 35 percent or
more of one crop, said William Baumgartner, the executive director for the
Pennsylvania office of the federal Farm Service Agency (FSA), a branch of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

In Bucks and Montgomery Counties, farmers are expected to lose 90 percent to 95
percent of their soybean and corn crops and more than 50 percent of their hay,
said Darrell Tribue, the FSA agent for those counties. In an effort to help, the
Montgomery County commissioners this week approved a $1 million pilot program
that would give drought-stricken farmers cash in exchange for development rights
to their streams and other waterways.

Now, with all of Pennsylvania declared a disaster area, farmers across the state
are eligible for assistance programs from the FSA.

In Bucks County, Bishop, the dairy farmer, vowed not to give up - regardless of
what aid does or does not come. He said he plans on farming until he retires and
passes the farm along to his son.

"It's not like I can just up and quit," he said.

* Staff writers Anne Barnard and Rena Singer contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Nilda Rego, Days Gone By: 1933 state bank holiday reflected slowing economy

BYLINE: By Nilda Rego, Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 530 words


When people got up in the San Ramon Valley on Thursday, March 2, 1933, they
expected it would be a day just like the one that came before it.

The Courier-Journal had gone to press as usual. San Ramon High athletes, who
beat their counterparts at Livermore the previous week, were preparing for an
inter-class track meet.

Mrs. H.J. Hansen was advertising her furnished three-room bungalow, with a
breakfast nook, bathroom and garage at 1627 Oakland Blvd. in Walnut Creek for
$20 a month. Annie Van Gorden was planning to finish the birthday cake her
friends from the Walnut Creek American Legion Auxiliary brought her Wednesday to
celebrate her 80th birthday.

Thursday wasn't to be an ordinary day, however. When customers arrived at the
Bank of America branch in Walnut Creek, they found they couldn't withdraw or
deposit any money.

A day earlier, Gov. James Rolph met with leading bankers in the state.
Depositors were making a record number of withdrawals. When the meeting was
over, Rolph declared a three-day bank holiday.

"A financial unrest exists throughout the United States, the adverse affect of
which has been reflected in the state of California with a consequent
unnecessary withdrawal from financial institutions in this state," Rolph said
explaining his action.

Indeed, the Great Depression had been felt in the state. Farm income in 1932 was
half of what it had been in 1929, and the number of building permits issued in
the Golden State was less than one-ninth of what they were in 1929. Unemployment
was climbing. Within another year, 1,250,000 Californians, or one-fifth of the
state's population, would be on relief.

Rolph was wrong about the bank holiday lasting three days. On March 4, Franklin
Delano Roosevelt became the 32nd president of the United States, and two days
later he closed all the banks in the country to stop the massive "runs" that
threatened to destroy the banking system.

On March 9, 1933, the Walnut Creek Kernal reported: "The bank holiday continues
today with business in southern Contra Costa County going on as usual. When the
banks closed suddenly last Thursday many businessmen were in a quandary as to
what to do. Some of them announced they would continue to accept checks from
regular customers, but would not cash any checks.

"Others, which had been doing a cash business agreed to extend temporary credit.
Others refused everything but cash."

On March 16, the bank holiday was over. The Legislature passed three emergency
measures, including a 60-day moratorium on all mortgage foreclosures on
dwellings and farms; an emergency bank bill patterned after the federal bank act
permitting the reopening of state banks under close supervision; and an
emergency building and loan bill restricting withdrawals to $25 or 1 percent and
setting the maximum rate of interest on deposits at 5 percent and the maximum
interest on loans at 7.1 percent.

Some banks didn't reopen. But the Bank of America did. Manager John Mitchell
reported that deposits were heavier than usual, and no one asked for cash
excepting in small quantities to meet ordinary living and business needs.

Days Gone By appears on Sunday. Contact Nilda Rego at nildarego@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 26, 1998 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 603 words


GRAND FORKS (AP) -- Bob Bahl usually enjoys seeing new customers. But this year,
the growing number of unfamiliar faces in his office is a sign of trouble. The
new customers are looking for farm loans, but Bahl knows he will not be able to
help many of them. ""It's a challenge,'' said Bahl, president and chief
executive officer of Farm Credit Services of Grand Forks, a farmer-owned lending
institution.

""There are a number of farmers who are coming in who we haven't done business
with before, who haven't needed our services. But they've used up all their
other alternatives.'' It is a situation facing farmers and their lenders across
much of North Dakota. With the farm economy in a slump, a growing number of
farmers are turning to lenders -- both public and private -- for more loans to
keep going. And lenders are being forced to turn more of them away. The federal
Farm Service Agency, considered the farmer's lender of last resort, said last
week that it has seen a dramatic increase in loan requests from farmers. The
increase signals not only growing financial problems, but less willingness by
mainstream lenders to dole out more money to those already in debt. But experts
say lenders can't be blamed. One study shows average farm debt in North Dakota
has increased a full 10 percentage points in the past three years, said Andy
Swenson, a North Dakota State University farm management specialist. A typical
farmer may already have a half-dozen outstanding loans, with more than half his
property put up as collateral.Ed Lotterman, an agricultural economist with the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, said approving a new loan under such
conditions could be a mistake for lenders. ""North Dakota banks, especially
eastern North Dakota banks, are being more cautious,'' he said. ""It's not
really a matter of credit availability, either. It's that banks are looking at
their customers' financial statements and are being very leery in extending new
loans in situations where profitability is clouded.'' Bahl said his office has
worked hard this year to help as many farmers as possible. But that urge to help
everyone has to be tempered, he said. ""We still have to ask our people to make
good business decisions,'' he said. That sometimes means turning people away.
""I'm not sure it is a responsible thing to extend a loan if there's not a
reasonable prospect that the lender can repay, anyway,'' said John O'Day, a vice
president of the Minnesota-based Agribank. The organization consists of Farm
Credit Services offices in 11 states, including North Dakota. In its report last
week, the federal Farm Service Agency said even it may not be able to help a lot
of the farmers. The FSA said the number applying for direct government loans or
emergency funds this year is expected to rise 12 percent, while applications for
government-insured bank loans are expected to increase nearly 30 percent. But
with FSA loan money already tight and many of the farmers already heavily in
debt, FSA officials predict only 60 percent of those seeking more aid will even
meet government eligibility requirements. ""Many of the farmers we deal with
have been hit by two or three big setbacks,'' said Arnie Meyer, an FSA farm
credit director in Fargo. ""It can be very difficult to recover from something
like that. ... And quite often, they've already used up their equity with the
bank.'' Meyer said he doesn't blame banks for being more careful in dispensing
loans. ""They have their own guidelines that they have to go by in order to
survive,'' he said. ""There is nothing they can do for a lot of these people.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 26, 1998 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 603 words


GRAND FORKS (AP) -- Bob Bahl usually enjoys seeing new customers. But this year,
the growing number of unfamiliar faces in his office is a sign of trouble. The
new customers are looking for farm loans, but Bahl knows he will not be able to
help many of them. ""It's a challenge,'' said Bahl, president and chief
executive officer of Farm Credit Services of Grand Forks, a farmer-owned lending
institution.

""There are a number of farmers who are coming in who we haven't done business
with before, who haven't needed our services. But they've used up all their
other alternatives.'' It is a situation facing farmers and their lenders across
much of North Dakota. With the farm economy in a slump, a growing number of
farmers are turning to lenders -- both public and private -- for more loans to
keep going. And lenders are being forced to turn more of them away. The federal
Farm Service Agency, considered the farmer's lender of last resort, said last
week that it has seen a dramatic increase in loan requests from farmers. The
increase signals not only growing financial problems, but less willingness by
mainstream lenders to dole out more money to those already in debt. But experts
say lenders can't be blamed. One study shows average farm debt in North Dakota
has increased a full 10 percentage points in the past three years, said Andy
Swenson, a North Dakota State University farm management specialist. A typical
farmer may already have a half-dozen outstanding loans, with more than half his
property put up as collateral.Ed Lotterman, an agricultural economist with the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, said approving a new loan under such
conditions could be a mistake for lenders. ""North Dakota banks, especially
eastern North Dakota banks, are being more cautious,'' he said. ""It's not
really a matter of credit availability, either. It's that banks are looking at
their customers' financial statements and are being very leery in extending new
loans in situations where profitability is clouded.'' Bahl said his office has
worked hard this year to help as many farmers as possible. But that urge to help
everyone has to be tempered, he said. ""We still have to ask our people to make
good business decisions,'' he said. That sometimes means turning people away.
""I'm not sure it is a responsible thing to extend a loan if there's not a
reasonable prospect that the lender can repay, anyway,'' said John O'Day, a vice
president of the Minnesota-based Agribank. The organization consists of Farm
Credit Services offices in 11 states, including North Dakota. In its report last
week, the federal Farm Service Agency said even it may not be able to help a lot
of the farmers. The FSA said the number applying for direct government loans or
emergency funds this year is expected to rise 12 percent, while applications for
government-insured bank loans are expected to increase nearly 30 percent. But
with FSA loan money already tight and many of the farmers already heavily in
debt, FSA officials predict only 60 percent of those seeking more aid will even
meet government eligibility requirements. ""Many of the farmers we deal with
have been hit by two or three big setbacks,'' said Arnie Meyer, an FSA farm
credit director in Fargo. ""It can be very difficult to recover from something
like that. ... And quite often, they've already used up their equity with the
bank.'' Meyer said he doesn't blame banks for being more careful in dispensing
loans. ""They have their own guidelines that they have to go by in order to
survive,'' he said. ""There is nothing they can do for a lot of these people.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday

Latah County requests disaster relief

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


June 25--Latah County has been added to a list of local Idaho governments
requesting federal aid for thousands of acres of farm land swamped by adverse
spring weather.

County commissioners signed a crop disaster declaration Wednesday that will be
sent to Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter and then to the U.S. secretary of agriculture.

A cold, wet spring prevented nearly 19,000 acres of farm land from being planted
with wheat, barley, peas, lentils and garbanzo beans, according to a letter to
county commissioners from Jim Knecht, executive director for Latah County's USDA
Emergency Board.

The board requested the declaration be drafted after 237 farms reported their
inability to seed, which Knecht's letter states resulted in an estimated loss of
nearly $7 million.

The March-May 30-year historical average for precipitation in Moscow is around 7
inches, but this year's three-month period was recorded at 163 percent of what
is normally expected, the letter states.

The greatest estimated losses were from spring wheat and lentils at $4.4 million
and $1.1 million respectively.

Nine Idaho counties have already made their own disaster declaration requests,
and Otter in late May issued a statewide disaster declaration over flooding in
the northern and southeastern parts of the state.

If the secretary of agriculture accepts the declarations, farmers will be able
to request low-interest emergency loans through the Farm Service Agency, and
also be able to request relief through federal disaster programs under the USDA.

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110625-1MW-Latah-County-requests-disaster-relief-0625-20110625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 4, 1999

Banks Increased Farm Lending Activity by $ 6 Billion in '98

LENGTH: 790 words

Washington-The nation's commercial banks held $ 69.9 billion in agricultural
loans at yearend 1998, an increase of $ 5.9 billion from yearend 1997, according
to the American Bankers Association.

Moreover, the ABA estimates that total farm credit outstanding for all
agricultural lenders increased for the sixth consecutive year to $ 170 billion
last year, though a weak agricultural economy started to raise concern for
lenders.

Commercial banks accounted for 41% of all agricultural credit outstanding last
year. The ABA classifies some 2,951 of the nation's more than 9,000 commercial
banks as "farm banks," meaning they have less than $ 500 million in assets, and
at least 16% of their loans are farm production or farm real estate loans.

Bankers are increasing their collateral requirements for farm production loans,
and that has fueled an increase in real estate secured lending at agricultural
banks. Farm real estate secured lending increased 12% last year at agricultural
banks.

ABA senior economist Keith Leggett said that despite hard times in the farm
sector, farm banks are well-managed and entered this year in good financial
condition, continuing to gain market share over other farm lenders. Still,
lenders are raising collateral requirements in light of the weak farm and ranch
economy.

"Because of what we are seeing with low commodity prices, I think it is likely
that land will be used for collateral for agricultural production loans," Mr.
Leggett said.

Nonetheless, Mr. Leggett said the economic problems facing rural America will
impact farm and ranch lenders as well.

Overall, land values seem to be stable, but they have stopped appreciating.
Declines in land values have been reported in parts of the country.

The northern Great Plains have been hard hit by economic woes, In addition, much
of the Midwest and the "fruitfull rim" states such as Florida, California and
Washington have been hurt by low prices for grains and produce.

Still, farm banks entered this year on a good note and are prepared to handle
some problems.

Farm banks earned $ 2 billion in 1998, $ 66 million more than the previous year.
However, their return on assets declined slightly to 1.21% from 1.25% the year
before.

Asset quality declined slightly but remained favorable in 1988, despite low
commodity prices and weak demand for agricultural exports. The ratio of
nonperforming loans to total loans was 1.1%, compared with 1% in 1997.

Loans that were 90 or more days past due accounted for 0.4% of total loans, also
up slightly from 0.35% a year earlier.

Loan loss provisions increased 25.6% from $ 292.4 million in 1997 to $ 367.2
million in 1998 as farm banks began to set aside reserves to cover potential
credit problems.

Because of the continuing economic woes in the farm sector, the ABA said that
earnings may not be as robust in 1999 for farm banks.

"Farm banks are healthy and stable, but they are beefing up their reserves to
cover potential credit problems as their farm and ranch customers face tough
economic times," Mr. Leggett said.

Rising delinquencies, chargeoffs, and renewals or extensions of credit all point
toward continuing deterioration in asset quality, he said. Farm bankruptcies are
expected to increase, and that could take a toll on the financial condition of
lenders.

However, he said today's situation is different from the crisis that wracked the
agricultural sector in the mid and late 1980s. Today, interest rates are lower
and farmers have more equity. It is estimated that over half of farmers have no
debt at all.

In addition, the banks themselves are better capitalized than they were in the
1980s. Risk monitoring has improved, and loan guarantees from the U.S.
Department of agriculture also reduce the threat to farm banks, Mr. Leggett
said.

Because of emergency relief passed by Congress, government spending to support
agriculture will reach its second highest amount on record this year. And that
will serve as a buffer between many farmers and the harsh market conditions they
face today.

The survey also found that deposit growth is not keeping pace with demand for
loans at farm banks. Mr. Legget said that to meet loan demand, farm banks are
turning to other sources to get lendable funds, including the Federal Home Loan
Banks and the Federal Reserve.

Farm Debt at a Glance

* Ag debt held by all banks: $ 69 billion

* Increase during 1998: $ 5.9 billion

* Number of "farm banks:" 2,951

* Ag debt held by "farm banks:" $ 37.3 billion

* Real Estate secured debt at "farm banks:" $ 14 billion

Data for 1998. Source: American Bankers Association

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Feds: drought disaster in colorado

BYLINE: Jesse Paul

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 169 words


Federal agriculture officials have designated 17 Colorado counties on the
Eastern Plains as either primary or contiguous natural disaster areas from
prolonged drought.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced the designations in a news release
Friday, meaning family sized farm operators in those counties are eligible for
low interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency.

The loans are contingent upon applicants meeting eligibility requirements.

Designated counties include Arapahoe, Baca, Bent, Cheyenne, Costilla, Crowley,
El Paso, Elbert, Huerfano, Kiowa, Kit Carson, Las Animas, Lincoln, Otero,
Prowers, Pueblo and Washington.

"FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available, repayment ability and other
eligibility requirements," the release said.

Applications for the loans are due Oct. 5. Potential applicants should contact
their local FSA County Office.

Jesse Paul: 303 954 1733, jpaul@denverpost.com or twitter.com/JesseAPaul

LOAD-DATE: September 07, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            August 11, 2000, Friday

ZIMBABWE BANKS CUT OFF CASH AID FOR FARMS

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 224 words


Zimbabwe's land crisis deepened yesterday when banks cut off new loans to
embattled white farmers, raising fears depleted harvests will result in food
shortages.

The violent occupations of white-owned farms and the uncertainty over a
government programme to nationalise thousands of the farms has prevented many
farmers from paying back existing loans, according to the Commercial Farmers'
Union and the Zimbabwe Bankers' Association.

White farmers produce nearly half the country's 2.2 million tons of corn, the
staple food, and most of its capital-intensive soy and wheat crops.

Without loans for equipment and materials, and with continuing disruptions, corn
growers could lose up to 40 per cent of their harvests next March, said Mr Neil
Wright, chief economist at the farmers' union.

Disruptions to agriculture made by the ruling party militants' occupation of
1,600 farms have made it impossible for farmers to give banks the guarantees
needed to secure loans, Mr Wright said.

l The Zimbabwe government yesterday threatened to retaliate against any Western
economic sanctions by imposing emergency measures at home that could include the
suspension of democratic rights.

Foreign Minister Mr Stan Mudenge described the proposed Zimbabwe Democracy Bill
in the US Congress as a "shocking piece of legislation".

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Hells Canyon Journal (Halfway, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 12, 2012

USDA Assistance Available to Ag Operators in Baker County

BYLINE: Hells Canyon Journal staff

LENGTH: 420  words


Agricultural producers in Baker County may be eligible for low interest
emergency loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency as
a result of this summer's wildfires in neighboring Malheur County.

Both Malheur and Harney counties have been designated as primary natural
disaster areas due to damages and losses caused by the wildfires that began July
8 and are ongoing. Farmers and ranchers in counties adjacent to Malheur and
Harney, including Baker County, also qualify for natural disaster assistance,
provided eligibility requirements are met. Other Oregon counties where
agricultural operators may be eligible include Grant, Lake, Deschutes and Cook.
Four counties in Idaho and two in Nevada have also been designated for
assistance.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs
in addition to the emergency loan program to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

Recently, USDA effectively reduced the interest rate for emergency loans from
3.75 percent to 2.25 percent, and reduced the payment reduction on Conservation
Reserve Program lands qualified for emergency haying and grazing in 2012 from 25
to 10 percent. USDA also announced that it will allow additional acres under CRP
to be used for emergency haying or grazing. The action will allow lands that are
not yet classified as "under severe drought" but that are "abnormally dry" to be
used for haying and grazing. In addition, USDA is allowing producers to modify
current Environmental Quality Incentives Program contracts to allow for grazing,
livestock watering, and other conservation activities to address drought
conditions, and has authorized haying and grazing of Wetlands Reserve Pro-gram
easement areas in drought-affected areas where haying and grazing is consistent
with conservation of wildlife habitat and wetlands.

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs.

Additional information is also available online at http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Hells Canyon Journal


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 9, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Farmers' plight takes campaign spotlight

BYLINE: Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 514 words


Presidential candidates from both political parties are talking
a lot about the economic crisis plaguing the nation's farmers
as they campaign -- particularly in Iowa, where the nominating
process officially begins next year. What they're saying:

Democrats

Bill Bradley: Supports current $ 1.5 billion annual subsidies
that help finance production of corn for ethanol, a grain-based
fuel. As a New Jersey senator, he called the subsidy "highway
robbery." Backs emergency federal aid to farmers. Wants an antitrust
investigation of the meatpacking industry.


Al Gore: Wants to expand foreign trade markets. Promises
to strengthen farmers' safety net by revising some provisions
of the Freedom to Farm Act, a 1996 law that removed restrictions
on how much farmers can plant and phased out federal subsidies
to farmers. He went to the Capitol last week to lobby for a proposed
farm aid package, warning that the entire farm sector of the economy
"is on the verge of absolute bankruptcy."

Republicans

Lamar Alexander: Would promote use of ethanol. Favors fast-track
trade negotiating authority for presidents. Would ease lending
to foreign purchasers of U.S. farm products, triple spending on
agricultural research and stop using trade cutoffs as a diplomatic
tool.

Gary Bauer: Wants Congress to re-examine the Freedom to
Farm Act. Would push China to accept more U.S. exports.

Pat Buchanan: Supports overhauling trade policies, including
a review of the blockade against Cuba, to send more U.S. goods
overseas. Today in Des Moines, he'll announce a "10-point plan
to save the family farm."

George W. Bush: Supports existing ethanol tax credits and
federal emergency aid to farmers. Pledges not to use agricultural
trade sanctions and says China should have been admitted to the
World Trade Association. Wants to reduce the inheritance tax to
allow more farms to pass from one generation to the next.

Elizabeth Dole: Supports federal emergency relief, 100%
deductibility of health insurance premiums for self-employed farmers,
eliminating the inheritance tax and expanding trade with China.

Steve Forbes: Favors eliminating the International Monetary
Fund, which he says encourages countries to devalue their money,
making U.S. exports more costly. Says the Federal Reserve has
gone too far in tightening spending, making farm loans harder
to get. Wants to expand farmers' use of private crop insurance.

Orrin Hatch: Supports immediate emergency help for farmers
and wants to eliminate inheritance taxes.

Alan Keyes: Calls family farms cornerstones of community
and morality. Backed Freedom to Farm Act.

John McCain: Opposes subsidies for ethanol as part of his
crusade against "corporate welfare." Supports emergency relief
for farmers.

Dan Quayle: Blames farm crisis on international lending
institutions, big banks and the Federal Reserve, and would press
to ease monetary policy to make it easier for farmers to borrow.
Says he would ensure that farms remain a vital part of American
culture.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 8, 2014

USDA designates eight counties in Idaho as Natural Disaster areas

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 511  words


Aaron Johnson, Acting State Executive Director for the USDA Farm Service Agency
(FSA) in Idaho, announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
designated eight counties in Idaho as primary natural disaster areas due to
losses and damages caused by excessive rain, flash flooding and hail that
occurred from July 25, 2014, through Sept. 1, 2014. Those counties are: Bingham,
Bonneville, Clark, Minidoka, Blaine, Cassia, Jefferson and Power.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said, "President Obama and I are committed to
ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our nation's economy by
sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers, and rural communities
through these difficult times. We're also telling Idaho producers that USDA
stands with you and your communities when severe weather and natural disasters
threaten to disrupt your livelihood."

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Idaho also qualify for natural
disaster assistance because then-counties are contiguous. Those counties are:
Bannock, Camas, Custer, Fremont, Lemhi, Madison, Teton, Butte, Caribou, Elmore,
Jerome, Lincoln, Oneida and Twin Falls.

In order to receive an agricultural disaster designation FSA County Executive
Directors meet with local leaders to access damages to crops and submit a report
to the FSA State

Executive Director (SED). After meeting with the state emergency board the SED
sends a recommendation of approval to Secretary Vilsack.

In September, Mr. Johnson submitted requests for three other counties with the
following results: On September 3, 2014, Jerome and Twin Falls counties received
designations due to excessive rain that occurred Aug. 3-7, 2014 and Clearwater
County was designated due to high winds and hail that occurred Aug. 14, 2014.
This qualified Idaho counties contiguous to these three primary counties as well
as those counties in neighboring states that border a county with a primary
designation. You can view a map that shows all counties in Idaho that have
current disaster designations at www.fsa.usda.gov/id.

Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the declaration
to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider
each loan application on its own merits, taking into account the extent of
losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has a variety of programs,
in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible farmers recover from
adversity.

"During 2014 Idaho has had disaster declarations for everything from drought to
hail and too much moisture," said Johnson. "We want producers to know that FSA
is doing all they can to help Idaho's farmers and ranchers when these natural
disasters impact their operations."

Additional programs available to assist farmers and ranchers include the
Emergency Conservation Program, The Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the
Livestock Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees,
and Farm-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Contact local
USDA Service Centers.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Aberdeen Times


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 12, 1985, Friday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Reagan Farm Policy Makes Political Fodder in the Midwest

BYLINE: By Milton Coleman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 1772 words


In Iowa, the state's two leading Republicans, Gov. Terry E. Branstad and Sen.
Charles E. Grassley, are taking turns teeing off on President Reagan's farm
policies and drawing increasingly favorable performance ratings in the process.

Illinois Democrats are anxious about whether Republican Gov. James R. Thompson,
who won by 5,074 votes in 1982, will be willing to veto a farm credit-assistance
plan pending in the state legislature. Agriculture is the state's biggest
industry.

In Minnesota, Republicans took control of the state House this year and set
their sights on the statehouse. Now many farmers, angered by continued GOP
opposition to a moratorium on farm-loan foreclosures, are targeting one of the
party's more promising gubernatorial hopefuls, House Speaker David Jennings.

Throughout the Midwest, Reagan's decision to let farmers tough out high interest
rates, low market prices, slumping land values and declining agricultural
exports has produced the first cutting issue for the 1986 campaigns.

States that can afford it are using state funds to launch new programs and
expand old ones that stimulate bank loans by, in effect, subsidizing
interest-rate reductions and guaranteeing partial payments. Some are considering
delays on farm-loan foreclosures.

But the political fallout lingers, with uncertain national consequences for next
year. "If the past is any guide, this is a real Achilles heel for the
Republicans, and once again you've got a large number of seats that are up in
the farm belt," said Norman J. Ornstein, resident scholar at the American
Enterprise Institute here. "There's a serious potential issue here."

Ornstein recalled the 1958 elections in which Republicans lost 47 seats in the
House and 13 in the Senate. The greatest defeats that year came in farm states
where voters were angered by the controversial free-market-oriented farm
policies of Ezra Taft Benson, President Dwight D. Eisenhower's agriculture
secretary.

Next year, twice as many Republican-held seats as Democratic ones will be up in
the Senate, and Democrats also will be trying to increase their House majority.
On the state level, Republicans had hoped to begin transferring their recent
success in national politics to the statehouses and legislatures, where
Democrats hold 2-to-1 edges.

In 1982, with the "fairness" issue and White House proposals to cut Social
Security going against Republicans, Democrats picked up 26 House seats, seven
governorships and raised from 28 to 34 the number of states in which they
controlled both legislative chambers.

On the surface, the farm-credit crisis has a narrower appeal than either of the
two issues that influenced some 1982 contests. Farmers, who supported Reagan 2
to 1 in 1984, represent about 3 percent of voters, and the current farm-credit
crisis that dominated headlines earlier this year was centered in only one of
the nation's many agricultural areas.

"It does not really galvanize yet," said one GOP lobbyist here, who is familiar
with farm issues and who asked not to be named. "The way it was handled
alienated a lot of people, even though they agree that the administration is
doing the right thing."

Democrats, meanwhile, smell blood. "It presents kind of a tough problem for
Republicans," said David E. Johnson, executive director of the Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee. "On the one hand, do they want to associate
themselves with a real popular president? Or, on the other, do they want to run
away from him on something that's cutting really hard in their state?"

The issue was joined last month after Reagan vetoed emergency farm-credit-relief
legislation that would have provided an additional $1.85 billion in federal farm
loan guarantees. Reagan says the current $650 million is sufficient.

The style of Reagan administration policies may have made a more resounding
political impact than the substance.  The president announced his veto from the
Oval Office with great fanfare. A few weeks later, speaking about the farm
crisis at the Gridiron Club dinner here, he quipped, "I think we should keep the
grain and export the farmers."

Earlier in the year, budget director David A. Stockman had virtually predicted
the veto -- and piqued farmers' ire -- by repeatedly maintaining that American
taxpayers were not obliged to rescue farmers from their bad business decisions.

Peter Secchia, a Republican national committee member from Michigan and a party
vice chairman for the Midwest, said such rhetoric branded the GOP favorably as
"the party of discipline."

"I think David Stockman is a national hero," he said.

Other Republicans were more critical -- including embattled Secretary of
Agriculture John R. Block, who said that Stockman's statement showed
"insensitivity" and that Reagan's quip was "unfortunate."

"David Stockman," Ornstein said, "may be this year's Ezra Taft Benson."

South Dakota Gov. William Janklow (R) said both parties may lose as a result of
the federal government's inaction on the farm-credit crisis, which he termed "a
mess" created by "these gutless people in Washington" unable to take action to
lower the federal budget deficit.

"Nobody believes either party," Janklow said. "All the Democrats know how to do
is bitch; and all the Republicans know how to do is whine."

Meanwhile, some governors and legislatures have moved to act -- delayed in some
instances by their efforts to draw more federal aid, clearly cognizant in others
of their limitations.

Iowa was one of the hardest-hit states, but state lawmakers have resisted
large-scale relief programs. The state treasury has been pinched by the
declining farm revenues.

The state Senate rejected a plan to subsidize farm loans with a sales-tax
increase, leaving Iowa farmers largely dependent on federal programs. The state
has used its employes and even the National Guard to help process federal loan
applications.

The governor, who was 11 years old when the farm states rebelled against Benson,
said the farm vote in Iowa is a nonpartisan "swing vote." But Branstad
apparently learned a lesson last year from Sen. Roger W. Jepsen (R), whose
reelection bid failed even though Reagan carried the state. "He went along with
the administration," the governor said of Jepsen, "and he paid a price for it."

Conditions are better in Illinois, where the economy depends less on agriculture
and more farm families can draw on nonfarm income, said state agriculture
director Larry A. Werries.

Five years ago, Illinois launched a program to spur agricultural loans by
investing in rural banks that agreed to loan the money at reduced interest
rates. This year, that loan fund was increased from $50 million to more than
$200 million.

The legislature has approved a bill to use $25 billion from the state's budget
surplus to "buy down" interest rates. Under the plan, banks would make one-year
operating loans to farmers. When the loans became due, the farmer would be
required to pay the principle and half the interest. The state would pay the
rest and be repaid by the farmer over five years. The bill would help 8,000 of
the state's 96,000 farmers.

Thompson, trying to keep the pressure on the federal government for more
assistance, has not yet said whether he will sign the measure should it pass the
full legislature.

"Not everyone is convinced that it's a good idea or that it's the way we should
go in Illinois," said Thompson press secretary David R. Gilbert, adding, "The
farm problem has not become a political issue for the governor at this point."

State Rep. Calvin R. Sutker, the Illinois Democratic chairman, countered
however, that Thompson is "on the firing line. What he does here with a
constituency that has been overwhelmingly in his corner in the past could change
the whole atmosphere of the campaign."

In Minnesota, legislators last month approved a $50 million loan "buy-down" plan
similar to that pending in Illinois. Few banks and farmers have taken advantage
of it, however, and farmers by the hundreds have launched protests, pressing
instead for a loan-foreclosure moratorium.

House Speaker Jennings (R) has complained that the moratorium would only "dry up
credit" in the state. GOP state Sen. Charles Berg has bolted the party, however,
declaring, "If the Republicans don't do a flip on this issue, it will be
politically devastating."

Still, Sen. Majority Leader Roger Moe (D), who represents a farm district in
northwestern Minnesota, says farm issues "are going to cut in 1986." Moe
predicted that Rep. Arlan Stangeland (R-Minn.), whose 57-percent majority in
last year's election was the lowest among the state's three GOP congressmen,
would be vulnerable.

Kansas and Indiana are represented by senators who held firmly to the Reagan
line on emergency farm-bill votes. Both are up for election next year. Neither
is considered imperiled because of the farm-bill votes.

A small group of farmers in north central Kansas launched an effort to dump
Senate Majority Leader Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.) but have won few allies. If the
political winds change, however, some state observers expect Gov. John Carlin
(D) to receive more encouragement to challenge Dole's reelection bid next year.

The strongest anti-Dole sentiment appears to be in neighboring Iowa. "Dole is
writing his political epitaph right now," said David Ostendorf, director of
Prairiefire, a rural action and advocacy group in Des Moines. "If the man wants
to run for president, he starts in Iowa, and people are not going to forget
where he is on these farm issues. They're not going to let him off very easily."

Kansas, like Iowa, has used state resources to help federal officials process
loan applications, and the state legislature has before it a measure that would
give lending institutions tax credits for cutting interest rates on some
agricultural loans.

In Indiana, Sen. Dan Quayle (R) is up for reelection next year but catching
little flak for his pro-Reagan stance on the farm-credit legislation. That may
be partly because Indiana farmers, as Lt. Gov. John Mutz once put it, "are
generally not looking for someone to provide a bailout."

The state has taken steps to help farmers, including a $50 million low-yield
investment program similar to that in Illinois.

Some Indiana politicians say the farm-debt furor could be equally temporary.
Republicans hope that is so. Democrats, like state Sen. Louis J. Mahern Jr.,
among several considering a race against Quayle next year, are ready to
capitalize on it if not.

"One more bad year," Mahern said, "and it will surely be a major theme of any
Democrat's campaign."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 13, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: An article yesterday about President Reagan's farm policy
incorrectly stated the sum that the Illinois legislature had approved using from
the state's surplus to "buy down" interest rates. The correct figure is $25
million.

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Gov. James R. Thompson . . . anxiously watched by Democrats;
Picture 2, Gov. Terry F. Branstad . . . learned lesson from Jepsen's fate.

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 22, 1998 Tuesday

LENGTH: 368 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Clinton administration offered a $7.1 billion plan Monday
to aid farmers, including $2 billion in emergency disaster assistance. ""Our
farmers have faced a triple whammy of bad prices, bad policy and bad weather,''
said Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D. ""This package will go a long way in helping
farmers.'' The package includes $935 million in payments to farmers who have had
a series of crop failures over the past five years.

Most of that money is expected to be spent in Minnesota and the Dakotas, where
the fungus scab has ravaged wheat and barley crops for several years. Conrad
joined in unveiling the plan with Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D.,
and Deputy Agriculture Secretary Rich Rominger. Democrats hope to attach the
administration plan to a supplemental spending bill that soon will be debated by
Congress. But even Daschle admitted Democrats face an uphill battle. Republicans
have vowed to pass their own $3.9 billion farm aid package, attaching it to the
1999 agriculture spending bill being worked out by House and Senate negotiators.
One sticking point is the administration's proposal -- a one-year boost in rates
on commodity marketing loans that would trigger an estimated $5 billion in
government payments to growers. The Senate has twice rejected the idea, and
there is even less support in the House, said Rep. John Thune, R-S.D., who
supports the move. ""I don't know how they change votes on that,'' said Thune.
He plans to introduce the loan-rate increase in the House but has so far found
no more than eight cosponsors for the legislation, he said. Under the marketing
loan program, farmers can either take a payment for the difference between crop
prices and loan rates or borrow money at the loan rate and repay it at the
crop's value.Republicans, in rejecting Senate Democrats' similar proposal last
week, complained that the provision was a throwback to the days before the 1996
farm law when farm subsidies were tied to crop production. Some economists fear
higher loan rates could lead to excess production and depress prices. Farm
income is expected to be down 15 percent nationwide and far more in some states.
Wheat prices are down 30 percent.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 12, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Espy to Ride the Crest Of Flood Recovery Efforts

Michael S. Arnold, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 994 words


The Great Flood of '93 that has caused more than $ 6 billion in damage to
midwestern farmers has sounded a call to arms at the Department of Agriculture,
where Secretary Mike Espy has been tapped by President Clinton to lead the
government's long-term relief effort.

As the waters recede, flood relief will soon cross the line from the "emergency"
stage -- with the Federal Emergency Management Agency running the show -- to
"long-term," when the leadership mantle will pass to Espy. Several weeks ago,
Espy's department assembled a 10-person coordinating team in a kind of war room
on the second floor. Their mission is to consult with some 17 federal
departments and agencies to get an action plan in place.

"Everyone here recognizes that long after the cameras have left we still have to
be there," said Espy's spokesman Steve Kinsella.

Two weeks ago the coordinating team, led by intergovernmental affairs director
Oleta Garrett Fitzgerald, presented Clinton with a 120-page catalogue of federal
programs that could be drawn on for the long-term relief effort. "The plan pulls
together all available assistance that can be targeted into the region,"
Kinsella said. "It is being developed to prevent overlapping and provide for an
orderly, efficient response."

FEMA and other federal agencies will continue to play a part in responding to
the disaster. But federal officials are pinpointing the needs of the
agricultural community -- their damaged equipment, livestock, fields and fences
-- and the long-term impact of the flooding on the nation's levee system,
bridges road and general infrastructure, Kinsella said.

Several task forces will begin meeting next week to determine how to match the
government's resources with the needs of individual states, coordinating team
leader Fitzgerald said. The department hopes to have a final plan ready by the
end of August.

The flood, which has disrupted lives and livelihoods of people in nine states
from the Dakotas to Missouri, has had an inordinate impact on agriculture,
causing an estimated $ 2.5 billion in crop losses alone. More than 20 million
acres of farmland have been severely affected, though USDA officials caution
that until several weeks after the waters recede completely -- which may not be
until the fall -- they will not know the full extent of the devastation.

Since the crisis began, USDA has tried to get ahead of impending disaster. A
week and a half before Clinton drafted him as point man at the July 17 "flood
summit" -- and nearly a month before a Senate committee appropriated $ 5.8
billion for disaster relief, $ 2.4 billion of which will be funneled through
Agriculture -- Espy had taken most of the steps at his disposal to help family
farms. They included:

Extending deadlines to request planting credit on flooded land, to seek interim
loans so farmers can store grain until prices rise, and transfer land to a
status that entitles farmers to subsidies.

Waiving minimum size requirements for placing flooded land in reserve.

Making emergency loans and loan guarantees more readily available for crop and
property losses.

Reducing restrictions in some counties on land in the Conservation Reserve
Program, while cutting by half federal subsidies.

Allowing farmers greater flexibility to return subsidies paid in advance on
crops not grown.

In addition, as of yesterday the department had distributed nearly $ 8.9 million
in emergency food stamps to more than 81,000 people in the disaster area, plus $
1.5 million in food. USDA also will share the cost of cleaning and restoring
flooded homes and farmland. The agency's staff has provided farmers, farm
organizations and the news media with a videotape of Espy explaining disaster
programs, and USDA's Extension Service has provided publications and on-line
information about food safety, debris removal, livestock care and water
contamination.

Of the disaster money appropriated by Congress, $ 1.5 billion as well as $ 100
million that Clinton released in early July, will go for direct crop disaster
assistance. Still, farmers expect to be reimbursed for only about a quarter of
their losses. Those who purchased federal crop insurance will get slightly more.

The flood's silver lining may be the renewed attention on crop insurance reform,
which could make farmers less dependent on emergency congressional aid in future
disasters. "With everyone worried about cutting the deficit, people are taking a
second look at crop insurance," said USDA congressional affairs spokesman Price
Grisham. One advantage, he said, is that insured farmers can get aid without
waiting for countywide disaster declarations. "More people are coming to see it
as preferable to ad hoc disaster assistance."

The flood also may further efforts for a proposed streamlining of the widely
decentralized department. Flooding in Des Moines forced USDA to consolidate
agencies under one roof, offering a test of the "one-stop shopping" Espy
advocates. "If anything . . .  it's worked much better," Kinsella said.

So far, farm organizations have generally praised the speed, breadth and "farmer
friendly" bent of USDA's response, though several expressed frustration with the
amount of disaster aid and with delays in Congress.

"Overall the administration's response . . .  really sent some strong signals to
folks out here," said Clay Pederson, a vice president of the 250,000-member
National Farmers Union. "The announcements Secretary Espy made are more than
symbolic. They're going to mean some folks being able to survive this year, when
they . . . might not have been able to."

USDA officials said they hoped to begin disbursing disaster payments within two
weeks after Congress appropriated the money. In the meantime, Espy has visited
the area eight times, assessing damage and consulting with farmers and local
officials. He will join Clinton in St. Louis today when Clinton signs the
emergency relief bill.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: SYMBOL

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Gympie Times (Queensland)

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Dairyfarmers welcome drought measures

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 223  words


THE Queensland Dairyfarmers' Organisation has welcomed new drought measures from
the Federal Government, but says the situation for drought relief and support
measures will largely be status quo for dairy farmers.

"Just as with other severe national disasters, there is a role for the
government on behalf of the Australian community to assist in relieving some of
the disaster's impacts and helping farming families back onto their feet,"
president Brian Tessmann said.

"For dairy farmers, the greatest changes to note will be an expansion of the
funding for concessional loans, bringing forward the scheduled changes to farm
household income support, increased funding for emergency water infrastructure,
and funding for mental health support services.

"The funding for mental health support services is welcome and due recognition
of the need to focus on mental health as well as farm financial health. But QDO
also notes that the concessional loan program is contestable and won't be
suitable and accessible for all dairy farmers. Critically important also with
the concessional loans will be the viability test, which many dairy farmers, who
are excellent managers, will have difficulty with due to their farm gate returns
being supressed by the supermarket milk price war. This is no fault of their own
or their farm management skills."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GGT


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

EDITORIAL: USDA's response

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 514 words


May 19--The federal role in helping Mississippians cope with double natural
disasters -- major tornado damage from April storms and massive flooding along
the Mississippi River -- continues expanding as agencies join forces and the
probability of special federal appropriations appears to be increasing.

Most people know about FEMA -- the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and
MEMA, its state partner -- but another, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
division called Rural Development, also plays a major role.

USDA Rural Development in a normal year invests about $500 million in
Mississippi. State Rural Development Director Trina George said the regular
program, "rural home loans (the old Farmers Home program) and home repair loans;
rural water and wastewater loans and grants; programs to help rural towns and
cities build or buy things that benefit the community as a whole, such as fire
truck or police cars, hospitals, day care or senior citizens centers, etc.;
multi-family housing apartment complexes..." and many other applications are
adapted for emergency needs.

Loan repayments, for example, can be suspended while borrowers assess damage and
measure losses, and housing owned by USDA is made available as temporary
emergency residences.

Today, USDA Under Secretary for Rural Development Dallas Tonsager and USDA Under
Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services Michael Scuse are visiting
flood-damaged areas, and last month Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Smithville
after a powerful tornado razed the Monroe County town.

George, who has been in the field most days since the tornadoes hit April 27,
said USDA takes a varied and flexible approach to assistance, which is necessary
in any effective response:

- In the immediate aftermath of a disaster, resources are mobilized and focused
to address emergency needs.

- USDA looks at "how to help our current borrowers, who may be suddenly
displaced and without the immediate resources to make their payments. This has
in the past included a moratorium on payment for a number of months for our
single-family home loan borrowers and for borrowers that are water and
wastewater systems that received major damage. Each situation is different, so
we think creatively and analytically ..."

- USDA also pursues special funds that Congress or the agency may set aside for
helping those affected.

- USDA will continue to have regular funding.

George says she has faith USDA officials will "address the needs of these
victims here in Mississippi," encouraging words based on eyewitness inspections.

The federal government, often criticized in a political context by many
Mississippians, is indispensable for our state after its numerous natural
disasters.

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nems360.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110519-TP-EDITORIAL-USDA-s-response-0519-20110519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Herald Sun

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 793  words


Barnaby bogs down on milk

VICTORIA'S desperate dairy farmers have been milked dry by savage cuts to the
price being paid for their milk. Some families fear they will have to walk away
from their farms. Many face bankruptcy. There are fears of farm suicides.

Now the promised emergency funding many dairy farmers were pinning their hopes
on has been held up in political posturing and campaign confusion.

The $555 million to help the nation's dairy farmers is to be spread over the
next two years, with only $30 million available to farmers over the next few
months. This is too little and too late.

Victoria produces 80 per cent of the nation's milk exports. Of some 6000 dairy
farms nationwide, 4000 are in Victoria.

Yet the rescue package rolled out by Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce, who is
also Agriculture Minister, is bogged to the tops of Mr Joyce's rubber boots.
Victorian Agriculture Minister Jaala Pulford has calculated that the $30 million
represents barely 5 per cent of the promised $555 million.

The minister has either failed to understand that the $30 million is only an
"interim" loan or Mr Joyce's offer has been less than explicit.

Whatever the reason, the Victorian Government is holding back on accepting the
arrangements, which call on it to administer the rescue package.

This will add further delay because the $30 million will not become available
until the Victorian Government agrees.

Farmers cannot wait while politicians squabble. This money, inadequate as it
might be, is needed immediately as farmers face ruin. Rural suicides and
families destroyed are a largely hidden consequence of financial desperation.

Yesterday, Mr Joyce responded to Herald Sun questions by saying he was prepared
to talk to the Victorian Government about how much of the total of $555 million
should be made available to Victoria over the next two years.

Crucially, the Turnbull Government and the Andrews Government are in danger of
losing sight of the plight of dairy farmers who just can't wait.

The next few months are critical. They need to be able to plan further ahead
than the end of October, when the "interim" money runs out. They need to know
when the rest of the money will be forthcoming and how much they can expect.

Mr Joyce has made a muddle of his emergency package. Ms Pulford may have taken
an opportunity to make life difficult for the Deputy Prime Minister during a
knife-edge federal election campaign by choosing to see the $30 million as all
Victoria might expect from the $555 million in federal funding.

But confusion is more likely than cynicism.

Nevertheless, the people being left in the lurch while they exchange letters
over the loans are the dairy farming families who have seen their income slashed
by milk processors Murray Goulburn and Fonterra, who have put their own profits
ahead of the producers.

Dairy farmers in other states also have reason to be concerned over Mr Joyce's
rescue package. Farmers in New South Wales and Tasmania will have access to only
$10 million, or 2 per cent of the total package over the next five months.

Mr Joyce, when making his announcement in Shepparton, said he wanted to send a
clear message that he was standing "shoulder to shoulder" with embattled dairy
farmers. Instead they have been left waiting until the cows come home.

Burning the CFA THE state's 60,000 volunteer firefighters now have the flames of
a union takeover licking around their feet.

The fiercely independent country volunteers, who form the backbone of the
state's bushfire defences, will not accept control by a militant union.

The board of the CFA, backed by Emergency Services Minister Jane Garrett, has
held out against giving the United Firefighters Union veto over its management
decisions.

This has thrown the board and Ms Garrett against Premier Daniel Andrews, with
the Victorian Government now calling for the CFA to capitulate.

As reported in today's Herald Sun, the Fair Work Commission is likely to throw
its weight behind the UFU and Mr Andrews. Either the CFA board agrees, which it
is unlikely to, having voted yesterday to make any such decision unanimous, or
Mr Andrews must sack the board and potentially Ms Garrett.

If Mr Andrews replaces the board, it will have to be signed off by Ms Garrett,
who has fought against the takeover for the past 18 months.

Premier Andrews is ideologically aligned with hardline unions, such as the CFMEU
and the UFU, but might find himself either forced to replace the board of a
revered Victorian firefighting institution or to back away.

Dumping Ms Garrett would also be a mistake. She is one of the government's most
effective ministers.The Premier's political advisers, if he listens to them,
should tell him if you can't stand the heat, it's better to get out of the
kitchen.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday

Loans aim to ease tornado losses

BYLINE: The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Mar. 31--Farmers in five Brazos Valley counties could be eligible for federal
loans to cover losses caused by a December tornado, officials said.

Brazos, Grimes, Leon, Madison and Robertson counties were among those designated
disaster areas after a tornado hit the Brazos Valley on Dec. 29, according to
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Grimes County farmers are being offered compensation for losses suffered during
the drought, which began in January 2006. Applicants must have lost at least 30
percent of production to be eligible.

Any farmer who suffered severe physical losses is encouraged to submit an
application for an emergency farm loan. Loans are available to cover either up
to 100 percent of losses or the operating cash needed to continue the
agricultural business.

The deadline to apply is Nov. 7 for Grimes County drought victims and Nov. 14
for tornado damage. Farmers are urged to avoid processing delays by applying
early at the Farm Service Agency in Franklin -- 1303 W. F.M. 1644 -- from 8 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. Call 828-3338 for more information.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070331-EG-0331-Loans-aim-to-ease-tornado-losses

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2007 The Eagle


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates 9 Counties in Kansas as Primary Natural Disaster Areas
With Assistance to Producers in Surrounding States

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

"Our hearts go out to those Kansas farmers and ranchers affected by recent
natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President Obama and
I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in our
nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers and
rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling Kansas
producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe weather and
natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Kansas also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Clark

Gray

Logan
Finney

Greeley

Scott
Ford

Hamilton

Wallace


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Colorado and Oklahoma also
qualify for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous.
Those counties are:


Colorado
Baca and Prowers


Oklahoma
Beaver

Cimarron

Texas


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Aug. 21, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           November 12, 1999, Friday

HURRICANE FLOYD RECOVERY; SBA offers financial help for victims

BYLINE: BETTIE FENNELL, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 418 words


A federal agency associated more with businesses than taxpayers says it has help
for storm victims feeling like they're drowning in debt and floodwaters from
Hurricane Floyd.

On Tuesday, the U.S. Small Business Administration will open a disaster loan
assistance office on the second flood of the Emergency Medical Services building
at 218 N. Second St. in Wilmington. The office will be open from 8 a.m. to 5
p.m., Monday through Saturday, and will remain open indefinitely.

Even if applicants can't afford to take on more debt, the agency may be able to
refer them to other programs. Interested applicants must register through the
Federal Emergency Management Agency's toll-free hotline by Dec. 14.

Low-interest loans from the Small Business Administration aren't just for
businesses. Homeowners and renters may be eligible for loans to aid in replacing
uninsured property that was damaged or destroyed by Hurricane Floyd.

"That is one of the misconceptions we have to fight with business in our name,"
said Carl Dombek, an agency spokesman.

The Small Business Administration, he said, makes large low-interest loans for
uninsured possessions that were damaged or destroyed by disasters. It also makes
loans to cover losses that exceed the amount of insurance coverage.

The interest rate for homeowners and renters is 3.625 percent. Interest on loans
to business and non-profit groups is 4 percent. The repayment period can vary,
Mr. Dombek said, but most loans are for 30 years.

People may be required to put up their property as collateral, but the agency
won't turn them down if they don't have sufficient collateral, Mr. Dombek said.

Homeowners may be eligible for up to $ 200,000 in loans to repair their property
and up to $ 40,000 to repair and replace personal possessions. Renters also may
be eligible for up $ 40,000 to repair and replace personal property.

Non-farm businesses and private nonprofit groups may be eligible for up to $ 1.5
million, depending on the amount of damaged not covered by insurance.

"To date, SBA has approved more than $ 250 million in loans for citizens of
North Carolina, and we know there are thousands of people who haven't taken the
time to apply," said Michael C. Allen, SBA disaster area director.

"The SBA disaster loan program provides the larger sums of money that people
will need to rebuild and recover and get on with their lives," Mr. Allen said in
a press release.

To register, call the FEMA hotline at (800) 462-9029.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                                October 19, 2008

It's back to the old Democrats: Obama is here to help

BYLINE: Richard Aldous

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N21

LENGTH: 676 words


"Government is not the solution to our problems," said Ronald Reagan at his
first inauguration in 1981, "Government is the problem." Not any more it seems.
In the current financial crisis "big government" is suddenly back in fashion.
Dinner party conversation everywhere is littered with knowing quotations from
liberal economists JK Galbraith and John Maynard Keynes. That's good news for
Barack Obama, America's most liberal senator, and his "back to the future"
vision of a 1930s-style New Deal for America.

This presidential election is not over, but the Democrats, and even many
Republicans, believe they have built an unstoppable momentum towards victory in
November. CNN, CBS and Fox News focus groups gave Obama a clear edge in the
third and final debate with John McCain last week. Given what he actually said,
and McCain's consistent attacks (helped by Joe the Plumber) on Obama's liberal
positions, that broad support is extraordinary. Overt liberalism has for the
last three decades meant inevitable political death. Now the senator from
Illinois wears it as a badge of pride, even referencing the 1930s radical Huey
Long in his promise to "share the wealth around".

Obama's proposals are led by a vastly expensive Medi-care scheme that will take
an estimated 30-50 million people off private insurance. Income, dividends and
capital gains taxes on the "rich" will rise. Huge infrastructure projects, such
as a "smart" electricity national grid, will be federally funded. Vast sums will
be spent on central aid to individual states, on "jobs and growth funds", and on
loan guarantees for failing industries (such as Detroit carmakers). Obama
believes that government growth can drive economic growth. That's a long way
from Bill Clinton's confident assertion as president in 1996 that the "era of
big government is over." The New Democrats - not least Bill and Hillary - are
out. The old "tax and spend" Democrats are back in town.

In these cruel and unusual times, Obama's message appears to be winning over
professional and popular opinion. Economists like it because investment in
infrastructure will spur longer-term growth. "Main Street" approves because, in
a time of falling incomes, collapsing house prices and rising unemployment, a
message of greater social justice resonates. Moreover, with the Democrats set to
strengthen their hold on Congress, Obama can realistically say he has the levers
to deliver on what he's promised.

But could it really work, with America's economy in meltdown? Every instinct,
not least in those who remember the sheer awfulness of the 1970s, says no;
history says it might.

In March 1933, Franklin Roosevelt swept into office promising his famous Hundred
Days of legislative activity to tackle the Great Depression head on. What
followed defined the very notion of big government. Even just reading the list
of actions is exhausting. The Agricultural Adjustment Act and National
Industrial Recovery Act rightly take pride of place, but an avalanche of other
measures included the establishment of a Civilian Conservation Corps, the
Federal Emergency Relief Act, the Emergency Farm Mortgage Act, the Tennessee
Valley Authority Act, the Truth in Securities Act, the Home Owners Loan Act, the
Farm Credit Act, the Railroad Coordination Act and the Glass-Steagal Banking
Act.

No American president, with the possible exception of Lyndon Johnson, can claim
a comparable record of dynamic, targeted activity in domestic affairs. It was
Roosevelt in particular that Galbraith was thinking of when he wrote, "All of
the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness
to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This,
and not much else, is the essence of leadership."

The Roosevelt era lasted until the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980. The new
president thought the nine most terrifying words in the English language were,
"I'm from the government and I'm here to help." Now Barack Obama begs to differ.

Prof Richard Aldous is head of History & Archives at UCD.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Sunday Tribune plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

USDA Declares Crop Disaster Designations for 13 Counties

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative John Moolenaar, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, the United States Department of Agriculture declared crop disaster
designations for 13 counties in Michigan's Fourth Congressional District for
multiple disasters that occurred during the 2014 crop year.

"2014 was a difficult year for some of the 10,000 farms and 15,000 farm
operators in the Fourth District. Agriculture is vital to Michigan's economy,
and those operators in need of financial assistance can apply for loans that
will keep their farm in business," said Representative John Moolenaar
(R-Midland).

The following counties in Michigan's Fourth Congressional District were declared
crop disaster areas by the USDA on March 25, 2015:

Clare
Clinton
Gratiot
Mecosta
Midland
Missaukee
Montcalm
Ogemaw
Osceola
Roscommon
Saginaw
Shiawassee
Wexford

Farm operators in these counties are eligible to be considered for certain
assistance from the Farm Service Agency, including emergency loans. Farm
operators have eight months from the date of the disaster designation to apply
for assistance. More information is available at local Farm Service Agency
offices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 31, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

Inside: the Agriculture Department;
Another Block Partner Files For Bankruptcy in Illinois

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair

SECTION: First Section; A17

LENGTH: 358 words


The farm financial crisis continues to close in on the business partners of
Secretary John R. Block back in Knox County, Ill.

This time it involves Rolland E. Main, who has filed for protection from
creditors under the federal bankruptcy code. Main's petition for protection
while he reorganizes his business listed debts of $2.78 million.

Main, recognized as an Illinois Master Farmer in 1977 for his farming skills, is
also the trus- tee of a blind trust that Block set up last year when his own
financial troubles were making news. Block said at the time that he was
attempting to remove himself from some of his complex business partnerships.

Earlier, Block partner John W. Curry filed for bankruptcy protection. Curry
became a front-page figure last year when he obtained a $400,000 emergency loan
from the Farmers Home Administration, which is under Block's control.

The loan stirred up a political storm, with legislators such as Sen. Tom Harkin
(D-Iowa), then a House member, charging that Curry got favored treatment. But
Block denied knowing about or having any role in the loan and survived that
flap.

Curry, however, later was unable to repay the loan and moved in the bankruptcy
court to insulate himself from efforts by the FmHA and other creditors to
collect on his debts. Meanwhile, he is helping make ends meet by advising other
farmers on ways to deal with bankruptcy.

FAMILY INC. . . . Yes, department researchers say, there are more corporate
farms than ever before, but they are not the kind of giant absentee-owner
operations popularly believed to be threatening to take control of the nation's
food production.

Between 1974 and 1982, the number of corporate farms rose from 1.7 percent to
2.7 percent, mostly because more and more farm families found incorporation
advantageous for tax and estate-planning reasons.

But the report said there actually was a decline in nonfamily corporate
operations during that same period and their share of total farm production fell
dramatically from 9.1 percent to 6.5 percent. Nonfamily corporate farms made up
0.4 percent of total farms in 1974; 0.3 percent in 1982.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Importance of Rural Support

LENGTH: 348  words


Rural Support provides support to farmers and rural dwellers through a helpline
and signposting service of trained volunteers.

The UFU Rural Affairs Policy Committee recently looked at a general analysis of
calls made to the helpline in 2013.

During 2013 there was a 246% increase in calls compared to 2012

20-25% of calls were received in April and May in response to the snow

Most calls came from counties Down and Antrim

Demographically over 65% of callers were aged over 44 years

56% were male and 44% female

38% of calls related to farming finance and debt such as being unable to pay
debts or supplier bills, farm business finance and cash flow, SFP delays, being
unable to access bank loans/suspension of overdrafts/bankruptcy, legal issues,
general low farm incomes

12% of calls related to farming specific issues such as cattle theft,
disease/disposal of dead animals, livestock, vandalism, incapacity, workload and
animal welfare issues

10% of calls related to paperwork and government schemes such as form filling,
tax, SFP and compliance issues

5% of calls were weather related such as financial implications of bad weather,
rural support emergency fund and DARD emergency helpline/compensation

5% of calls were health related such as physical health, alcohol addiction
issues, disability and stress/mental health

These figures clearly illustrate the continued and valued importance of rural
support to the farming community. Farmers face many challenges including some
that are unique to the sector. Bodies such as banks and government need to take
note of these issues and consider the very human implication of decisions and
excessive red tape and bureaucracy.

If Northern Ireland is Going For Growth' through the agri food industry it is
vital that Rural Support is sustained to help and support the health and welfare
of our farming families.

If you're feeling worried or stressed and would like to talk to someone in
confidence, the Rural Support helpline operates from 8am to 11pm, seven days a
week (voicemail and support options available at all other times) on 0845 606 7
607.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Loan scheme 'insult' claim

BYLINE: Gemma Mackenzie

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 218 words


Crofters have been left humiliated by a £20million government crisis fund,
claims a Western Isles councillor.

Councillor Donald Crichton, who is vice-chairman of the council's sustainable
development committee, yesterday said the Scottish Government was in denial over
its handling of delayed payments to crofters.

He described the £20million emergency loan scheme, which was unveiled by Farm
Minister Richard Lochhead at NFU Scotland's conference in St Andrews last month,
as an insult and said Mr Lochhead "should be reflecting on his position".

"The government is in denial over its handling of this debacle and its impact on
the crofting community and is failing to take responsibility. It was in receipt
of this money since last October and through its own negligence has put
unnecessary financial pressures on crofters," said Mr Crichton.

"To add insult to injury the government introduced a loan scheme that can't be
accessed by crofters until they had come back humiliated from their bank
managers with evidence that they had exhausted their overdraft facilities. It is
an insult to ask crofters to apply for a loan as a result of a
multimillion-pound IT failure that was no fault of theirs."

He said crofters should be receiving compensation for late payments rather than
having to apply to a loan scheme.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          November 22, 2000 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

$10m relief for flood victims

BYLINE: Lisa Allen and Cathy Bolt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 424 words


The Federal Government has announced a $10 million emergency relief package and
banks have promised to support farmers hit by the unprecedented flooding in NSW,
amid fears that crop losses totalling more than $500 million could tip many into
financial ruin.

One-third of NSW and much of south-western Queensland is under water, prompting
a warning from the NSW Government that the wettest November on record could
cause an epidemic of Ross River Fever.

The NSW Premier, Mr Bob Carr, declared the State's north-west region a natural
disaster area on Monday. He said families and farms could access low-interest
loans, emergency transport and fodder subsidies, but that the Government was not
offering cash relief.

After inspecting devastated regions near Tamworth yesterday, Mr Carr said he
would seek the co-operation of major banks to secure extra financial assistance.
But he admitted the standard package would not be enough.

NSW National Party Leader Mr George Souris, called for the State Government to
make cash grants of up to $80,000 to stricken farmers.

"In light of the two contingency payments for the staging of the Sydney Olympics
of $140 million each, I am sure all taxpayers would consider this a balanced and
reasonable measure," Mr Souris said.

Mr Tom Howard, general manager of Walgett Special One Co-operative, a group of
550 grain farmers, said the flooding was disastrous for the co-op's members,
following last year's wet harvest and the previous year's winter floods.

"Unless there's some sort of relief package, I think a lot of growers will be
forced to the wall," he said.

He said a survey of co-op members indicated they had completed 30 per cent of
the harvest before the rain started. Of the rest, only 30 to 40 per cent might
still be worth harvesting but would be downgraded to feed, incurring discounts
of $50 to $80 a tonne. Grain buyers indicated yesterday that NSW was likely to
produce 2 to 3 million tonnes of feed wheat this season the biggest volume for
nearly 20 years.

But reflecting an impending shortage of milling-grade wheat, AWB Ltd's cash
contract prices for Australian Prime Wheat in NSW have jumped $15 a tonne, or
nearly 10 per cent, since Monday.

Mr Howard said it was important that farmers had finance to plant another crop
because the "five feet of mud" on most farms was a tremendous resource,
providing enough moisture to grow a crop next season almost without further
rain.

Mr Mike Carroll of National Australia Bank said customers should contact the
bank to discuss deferring or restructuring loans.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Throwing Money at Farmers By passing its emergency farm aid bills this week,
Congress has pushed the general budget debate a big step backward. It would have
been unrealistic to expect Congressmen to turn their backs on the invading army
of farmers demanding emergency credit. But they could have won something for
their votes in the way of reductions and reforms in other, less urgent subsidy
programs. If Congress couldn't check the impulse to throw money at

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 361 words


this problem, think what's in store when harder cuts come up. The outlook for
cutting the budget deficit has turned from dim to grim.



Medium-sized grain farmers borrowed heavily in the mid-70's to expand. Now,
squeezed by high interest rates and low commodity prices, perhaps 10 percent are
in danger of losing their land.

Farmers bear the primary responsibility for their plight. No one ordered them to
double their debts in a decade. But Federal policies have added to their woes by
keeping interest rates high and by allowing the strong dollar to make American
grain uncompetitive in world markets.

That is why the thousands of farmers and rural bankers who swamped Capitol Hill
this week think they deserve credit relief. The Republican leadership in the
Senate, which correctly fears that extra aid for farmers would make it more
difficult to ask other groups to accept budget cuts, tried to fend them off. But
Congressional Democrats, who have their own favorite programs to defend from the
budget ax and who surely don't mind embarrassing the Republicans, made a point
of favoring no- strings help for farmer supplicants.

The House and Senate bills offer more Government-guaranteed credit, easier terms
for direct Government loans and a six-month advance on crop-support loans that
would ordinarily come in the fall. Like most farm programs, this one is poorly
targeted. As Charles Riemenschneider, a Chemical Bank economist, pointed out,
some of the aid will go to farmers who don't need it to stay in business. Some
will go to bankers who otherwise would have to swallow bad debts. But the most
depressing aspect of the deal is the precedent it sets for the broader debate
over the budget.

Congress could have used the farmers' urgent need for credit as a lever to
extract savings on other parts of the farm program. Specifically, the
legislators could have asked the farm lobbies to agree to the phased withdrawal
of crop price supports, as proposed by the Reagan Administration.

It's hard to cut budgets, but it can't be done without cutting programs that
serve powerful interests. This week Congress didn't even try.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: editorial

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs

LENGTH: 6021  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA):

Action

Final rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.
Dates

Effective: December 31, 2014.
For Further Information Contact

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
Supplementary Information
Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct
FOregular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in theFederal Registerand interested
persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking through
submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for
oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter relating to public
property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule without the
opportunity for comments.
Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in theFederal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in theFederal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in theFederal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as notsignificant
under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and, therefore,
OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural commodities,
Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 761 Farm Loan Program General Program Administration

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart a General Provisions

1. Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2. In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
Part 762 Guaranteed Farm Loans

3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4. In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5. In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6. In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
Part 764 Direct Loan Making

7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

8. Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9. Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

10. Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicantmeets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11. Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12. In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through
(f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).
Part 765 Direct Loan Servicing Regular

13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

14. Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Gardner Encourages Colorado Farmers and Ranchers to Seek Federal
Disaster Relief Assistance

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Senator Cory Gardner has issued the following
news release:



 Following the recent wildfires that devastated farms in Northeast Colorado,
Senator Cory Gardner (R-CO) released the below statement reminding Colorado
farmers and ranchers about the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
disaster assistance programs.









 "As someone who lives on the Eastern Plains, I will never forget our farmers
and ranchers and we must continue to support them in good times and in bad."
said Gardner. "While Coloradans in Northeast Colorado continue to recover from
the devastating fires, I wanted to remind those who have been affected to
contact my office for assistance. We will support our farmers and ranchers as
they navigate the federal bureaucracy and help them through this difficult
time."







 According to the USDA, "the Farm Service Agency (FSA) can assist farmers and
ranchers who lost livestock, grazing land, fences or eligible trees, bushes and
vines as a result of a natural disaster. FSA administers a suite of safety-net
programs to help producers recover from eligible losses, including the Livestock
Indemnity Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm
-Raised Fish Program, and the Tree Assistance Program. Detailed information on
all of these disaster assistance programs can be found online
at:www.fsa.usda.gov/disaster.







 "In addition, the FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and
technical assistance for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged
by natural disasters. Producers located in counties that receive a primary or
contiguous disaster designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to
help them recover from production and physical losses. Compensation is also
available to producers who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program, which protects non-insurable crops (including
native grass for grazing) against natural disasters that result in lower yields,
crop losses or prevented planting."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Paul McKee announces a new development for NorthSide

BYLINE:  By Samantha Liss St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 570 words


Developer Paul McKee presented Wednesday afternoon another planned development
for his long-awaited NorthSide Regeneration Project in St. Louis.

The developer addressed a small crowd gathered on the future site of a
development, located at North 13th Street and Tucker Boulevard, that will
include a fresh food market and a gasoline station.

The GreenLeaf Market will be run by Good Natured Family Farms, a farmers' group
that provides fresh food from small family farms around the Kansas City area.

Yet, residents who lived in the area didn't seem impressed with McKee's latest
plans. They say it's just another promise to try and persuade the National
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, or NGA, to relocate to McKee's 1,500-acre site.

"He hasn't put one brick in the ground," said Joyce Cooks, a resident near the
site for more than 40 years. "The neighborhood is crumbling."

But McKee said the shovels will be ready to break ground, likely in July, after
the Board of Aldermen approves the tax-increment financing ordinance for this
latest development.

The $20 million development will be financed with a loan from Cedar Rapids Bank
and Trust, and because of the fresh market, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
has guaranteed 70 percent of the loan, he said.

Without them, there would be no deal, McKee said of the USDA.

There has been little progress on the NorthSide project.

In 2009, McKee announced plans for an ambitious project in north St. Louis that
would include offices, retail stores and homes. Four years later, the city
agreed to provide up to $390 million in tax-increment financing.

So far, the only proposed use for the site has been plans for a health care
campus with a three-bed hospital. And even that campus was later moved outside
the NorthSide footprint to make room for a proposed NGA site.

The city is hoping to persuade the U.S. spy agency to relocate to north St.
Louis from its current offices near the Anheuser-Busch brewery.

Meanwhile, the proposed health care campus is still in the planning stages.

Dr. David Lenihan, a former professor at Logan College of Chiropractic, is
helping draft and execute a larger plan for the health care campus, which relies
on McKee's hospital that was approved by state regulators in November 2014.
Construction has yet to start.

Lenihan, who is president and CEO of Ponce Health Sciences University in Puerto
Rico, said the expanded plan is to open freestanding emergency rooms elsewhere
in the region, so it can subsidize the three-bed hospital that will care to
uninsured and underinsured individuals in north St. Louis.

"We're going to build and link up emergency urgent care centers throughout the
area," he told the Post-Dispatch Tuesday. "We can use the payer mix from those
regions to help fund the hospital in the city."

Lenihan does have experience running medical centers in low-income areas. He was
part of the executive team at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine in New York
that opened a new medical school campus and clinic in Harlem, Steven Mantz,
director of human resources for the New York college, told the Post-Dispatch on
Tuesday.

Further down the road, Lenihan said he sees an opportunity to staff the
facilities with residents from his medical school in Puerto Rico.

Jim Gradl, spokesman for McKee, said they were still looking for a clinical
operator to run the $6.8 million hospital that will be situated at North
Jefferson Avenue and Thomas Street.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Developer Paul McKee unveiled on March 23, 2016 another planned
development for his long-awaited NorthSide Regeneration Project in St. Louis.
Area residents expressed skepticism. (photo by Samantha Liss/Post-Dispatch)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Drought loans now available

BYLINE: Ed Asher, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


May 12--HARLINGEN -- Farmers, ranchers and some small businesses in the Rio
Grande Valley that were hurt by prolonged drought are eligible to apply for
low-interest federal emergency disaster loans.

Eligible small businesses are those dependent on farmers and ranchers.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Small Business Administration
are making the loans available in response to damages and losses brought on by
drought conditions from April 1 through Oct. 31, 2013.

"The federal announcements are welcome news to farmers, ranchers and small
business owners dependent on farmers and ranchers in Cameron County," County
Judge Carlos Cascos said.

"We certainly hope that our affected residents will take advantage of these loan
applications."

Cameron, Willacy and Hidalgo counties are among close to 250 counties designated
as eligible for the emergency disaster loans.

Although the deadline to apply for the loan programs is Dec. 23, 2014, officials
are encouraging affected individuals to apply soon.

Farmers and ranchers can contact the Cameron County office of the USDA Farm
Service Agency at (956) 399-1311, ext. 2.

The office is located at 2315 W. Frontage Road Expressway 77/83, Suite No. 1, in
San Benito.

It is open 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

Affected small businesses dependent on farmers and ranchers can contact the
Small Business Administration District Office at (956) 427-8533.

That office is located at 2422 E. Tyler Ave., Suite C, in Harlingen. It is open
from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

They can also call SBA's national Customer Service Center, toll-free at (800)
659-2955, or visit SBA's website at www.sba.gov/services/disaster assistance.

The hearing impaired can call (800) 877-8339.

One indicator of the extent of drought in the Valley last year is the damage to
cotton crops.

Growers in the four-county Valley planted 88,772 acres of cotton in 2013, but
harvested only 38,348 acres, according to figures supplied by the Texas Boll
Weevil Eradication Foundation.

"Only 43 percent of the 2013 crop was harvested, mostly on irrigated land," Luis
Ribera, an agricultural economist at the Texas A&M AgriLife Research and
Extension Center at Weslaco, said last year.

"The rest was lost to drought."

___ (c)2014 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140512-HR-Drought-loans-now-available-0512-20140512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2014 Valley Morning Star


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 14, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Most losses from flooding aren't insured

BYLINE: Michael Clements

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 437 words


Most of the property damaged by Midwest floods isn't covered by flood insurance.
That spares the insurance industry from another claims catastrophe but exposes
many flood victims to heavy personal financial loss.

Marc Rosenberg of the Insurance Information Institute says "very little" of the
damage will be covered by private insurance because home, farm and business
policies typically exclude flood damage.

Flood insurance is available primarily through a program administered by the
federal government. But only 10% of those who live in specific flood hazard
areas in the states affected have flood insurance, says Bill Zellars of the
National Flood Insurance Program.

Zellars says it's too early to say how much the flood will cost the federal
program in claims. So far, 800 claims have been filed out of 18,000
policyholders in the states of Iowa, Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin and
Minnesota. Flood insurance costs about $ 300 a year for $ 85,000 in coverage.

Many mortgage lenders require borrowers to buy flood insurance. But only 60% of
homes are mortgaged, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. In addition,
only 40% of crops nationwide are covered by a program administered by the
Federal Crop Insurance Corp.

Most of the private insurance claims from the region will be for damage caused
by high wind or hail. Flood damage to automobiles is covered - up to the car's
market value - for those who have comprehensive coverage. Some businesses also
carry business interruption insurance.

"It is very unlikely that losses to private insurers will go anywhere near a
billion dollars in the Midwest," Rosenberg says. By comparison, claims from last
summer's Hurricane Andrew so far have topped $ 16 billion.

Bill Sirola of State Farm Insurance says the floods will not have a major
financial impact on State Farm. Like other private insurers, State Farm
administers policies for the National Flood Insurance Program. "We don't have
that many flood policies," he says. "Most of those areas (hit) had not felt
really at risk for floods. That is the tragic part."

For the uninsured, federal disaster assistance provides cash grants to meet
short-term food and shelter needs and low-interest loans for restoring homes and
businesses. The maximum grant: $ 11,900, although the typical grant is $ 2,500.
Homeowners are eligible for federal loans of up to $ 100,000 to repair or
replace homes and $ 20,000 for personal property. Businesses are eligible for
loans up to $ 500,000.

Flood victims can apply for assistance by calling the Federal Emergency
Management Agency at 1-800-462-9029.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See related story; 03A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

WINTER'S DAMAGES PILING UP;
Storm, floods reached disaster proportions;

BYLINE: Kevin Graman Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 936 words


It's still too early to assess damages from this season's  snowstorms and
floods, but the dollar amount appears to exceed the threshold required for
federal disaster assistance to Washington state.

Local and state emergency management officials have been racing the clock to
come up with a preliminary assessment of damage to public infrastructure - such
as government-owned buildings and roads  - to meet a federal deadline.

"We are looking at, combined, maybe $100 million. That's for both disasters,
flooding and snow," said Rob Harper, a spokesman for the state Emergency
Management Division.

Harper stressed that the figure was only an estimate "to give some kind of order
to what we are dealing with." Record snowfall caused damage on both sides of the
state, while flooding caused more  damage to the West Side.

Over 20 days, 75.5 inches of snow fell on Spokane, according to the National
Weather Service. The average winter snowfall is 48 inches.

Rain added to the weight of the snow, causing the roofs of about 50 buildings,
private and public, to collapse in Spokane County and putting insurance
adjusters and contractors to work.  Some  businesses remain closed.

State emergency management officials must have an assessment of damage to public
infrastructure between Dec. 11 and Jan. 5 ready by the first week in February
for the governor to review and submit to the Federal Emergency Management
Agency. Agencies may be eligible for as much as 75 percent of uninsured damages,
as well as snow removal costs.

The thresholds for meeting the requirements of a disaster declaration are $7.7
million statewide and $1.37 million for Spokane County.

"We have greatly exceeded that," said Gerry Bozarth, recovery specialist for the
county Emergency Management Department.

He declined to say what figure the county submitted to the state, but the cost
of damage to Cheney's Wren Pierson building alone was $800,000, Bozarth said.

"We have these gross numbers from county agencies and school districts," Bozarth
said, adding that it remains to be seen how much of the damage will be covered
by insurance.

Insurers were also reluctant to provide  exact numbers.

A spokesman for the NW Insurance Council said its 11 member companies estimated
$18.7 million in "inspected insured losses" statewide.

"The majority of these claims were frozen pipes and collapsed roofs," said
Darrin Sanger, the council's communications director.

But the council represents only 25 percent of the state insurance market, Sanger
said. Three of the state's largest insurers - Allstate Insurance, Farmers
Insurance Co. and Liberty Mutual Group - did not disclose claims data.

State Farm Insurance spokesman Tim Wade said his company paid out $600,000 for
more than 500 claims in  Eastern Washington in  the last week of December.

In other cases, insurance officials were getting around to inspecting
snow-damaged homes and businesses last week.

Work has already begun at Rosauers Supermarket, 1724 W. Francis Ave., where
12,000 square feet of the roof collapsed Dec. 29. Rosauers  President Jeff
Philipps said damage will run "in the millions."

After the roof collapsed at the Five Mile neighborhood store, Rosauers closed
four of its seven other area stores for a day as a precaution. Shoveling the
roofs alone cost the company $150,000, Philipps said.

Repairs to the store will not be completed until May, said D. Dean Haagenson,
president of Contractors Northwest Inc., the Coeur d'Alene company  hired by
Rosauers. Haagenson said owners of damaged businesses  should have little
trouble finding builders to do repairs during a time of general stagnation in
the construction industry.

"I guess there are enough contractors and adjusters out there," he said.

At Mel's Nursery at the North Division Y, bookkeeper Jennifer Griffiths said the
store hoped to reopen the undamaged part of the store within 30 days after a
40-by-90-foot section of its roof collapsed.

Jeff Kilgore, of Kilgore Construction, which is doing the repair work at Mel's,
called this winter's snowstorm unprecedented. "The community has to rally to put
everything back together," he said.

Relief to some businesses may come in the form of low-interest loans from the
federal Small Business Administration, according to Harper, who said the state
also was close to assessing the economic impact of the storms.

Depending on the results of a complicated disaster assistance formula,
businesses might be eligible for the loans if they can prove adverse impacts
because customers could not get to stores or deliveries could not be made, for
example.

Rural areas might be eligible for assistance through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, said Randy Primmer, county executive director for the Farm Service
Agency, which serves Spokane and Pend Oreille counties.

Harper said state emergency management officials next week will visit four or
five Eastern Washington counties to assess damages to public facilities as part
of the statewide request for a disaster declaration.

"We don't have to see every bit of damage," Harper said. "We just have to see
enough to meet the threshold.

SIDEBAR:

RELIEF FOR PROPERTY OWNERS

Property tax relief is available to owners of property damaged or destroyed by
recent snows or flooding. Owners can apply to county assessors to reduce the
taxable value of affected properties.

Relief could include a partial abatement or refund of taxes paid in 2009 and a
reduction of future taxes until the property is restored.

Applications are available at the offices of county assessors or online at
http://dor.wa.gov (look under "More information").

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

FARMERS CAN GET FEDS' TORNADO LOANS

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 125 words


Dane County farmers who suffered substantial losses in the tornadoes and severe
storms of Aug. 18 may apply for disaster loans from the Farm Service Agency,
federal officials said Friday.

The loans became available when the U.S. Department of Agriculture approved a
disaster designation for Dane and Vernon counties. Farmers in contiguous
counties may also apply for loans.

"This declaration is good news for Dane County farmers whose operations were
damaged in the Aug. 18 tornado," said Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk.

She noted the Department of Agriculture decision is separate from the appeal
currently being considered by FEMA

Actual loans for farm production losses will be based on this year's production
compared to the previous three years'.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 14, 2005 Thursday Home Edition

Flood victims swamped by money woes;
Most don't have needed insurance

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER QUINN

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C;

LENGTH: 882 words


Worse news is following bad news for flooded homeowners with no flood insurance.

Their losses are theirs alone to bear.

Disaster survey teams working in metro Atlanta are finding fairly large numbers
of structures outside mapped flood zones and not covered by flood insurance that
have been swamped by the torrential rains of the past several days.

Standard homeowner insurance policies, even for those who live outside the
100-year flood plain, don't cover this act of God.

Lanita Lloyd, the deputy director of the Cobb County Emergency Management
Agency, estimated that her teams had done initial reviews of at least 100
damaged buildings Tuesday, with more work to do in coming days.

"The majority of those we've been talking to do not have [flood insurance ],"
she said.

Sheldon Vick, who lives on Clay Road, was one of those.

He didn't have insurance, he said, because his builder told him he was not in a
flood plain and didn't need it. Now, he says: "I'm definitely going to try and
get it. I could use it."

The cost of a typical flood insurance policy is about $400 a year, said Ebony
Lincoln, a spokeswoman with State Farm Insurance. Buyers can get it for the
home, the contents, or both.

When floodwater receded Wednesday, Vick visited his house. He smelled the muddy
water and saw toppled furniture.

"From a cosmetic point of view, it looks like it could be restored," Vick said,
adding that he would talk to his builder.

Gerardo Morales, another victim, had insurance, but only for the house, he said.
He lost computers, appliances and furniture. His car was totaled.

Asked how he would replace everything, he said, "I'm probably going to have to
pay for it out of my own pocket."

Right now, he said, he figures he might not be going back.

Morales said he hoped the area would be declared a disaster area and that
homeowners would be provided some financial assistance.

"How can you not declare this a disaster zone?" he said. "I could see if it only
happened to us, but it happened to a lot of people."

Gov. Sonny Perdue agrees and has asked that parts of Cherokee, Cobb, and Douglas
counties and Colquitt and Worth counties in South Georgia be declared disaster
areas. That would qualify the homeowners and businesses damaged in the flood for
low-interest loans from the federal Small Business Administration and some state
assistance.

Workers are assessing the damage now, and the disaster determination could come
in about two weeks, a spokesman said.

An SBA disaster declaration would trigger the state Individual Assistance
program. If a county has more than 50 uninsured homes that are uninhabitable,
the program gives grants for up to three months' rent and home repairs to
victims who don't qualify for SBA loans.

Emergency agencies still were trying Wednesday to figure out how many people,
homes and businesses were affected by the floods, which were caused by a
combination of heavy storms and downpours from Tropical Storm Cindy and
Hurricane Dennis.

William Higgins, head of Cobb's stormwater management division, said areas of
the county faced a historic amount of rain. He said preliminary tallies indicate
that Cobb may set a rainfall record for a 24-hour period --- more than 9 inches
--- and Sweetwater and Noses creeks could still reach their highest levels ever.

"There was just no chance for the watershed to drain out. It was just one storm
after another," he said.

Rob Hosack, the county's community development director, said most of the
damaged houses in Cobb were built before modern flood-plain regulation. In 1988,
the county required all new buildings to have floor elevations 3 feet higher
than the 100-year flood mark.

Curtis Little, director of the Douglas County Emergency Management Agency,
counted 44 homes, 64 mobile homes and nine businesses damaged as of Wednesday.
He expects the count to rise as people continue to call in.

Cherokee County reported about 25 homes damaged, along with the Walden Chase
apartment complex in Woodstock. Water from nearby Noonday Creek rose about 2
feet into the first-floor apartments of the 60-unit complex.

Living outside the designated flood plain is no guarantee that homeowners won't
be flooded, said Butch Kinerney of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

"If you live in the 100-year flood plain, you have a one in 100, or 1 percent,
chance of being flooded in a given year," he said.

If you live outside the 100-year flood plain, which is designated by FEMA based
on information provided by federal, state and local agencies, "It doesn't mean
you are without risk. It just means you are at lower risk," he said.

Flood plain designations also change over time as areas develop, he said.

"You put in a shopping center or apartment complex, all that [rain runoff] has
to go someplace, and it may go into your back yard.

"So as cities grow and change, the flood maps change as well."

Kinerney said FEMA is updating flood plain maps across the country.

Georgians may get a second chance to find out whether their houses are in
danger. Weather forecasts call for more rain.

Check out your home's flood risk on the Web: www.floodsmart.gov.

--- Staff writers David Markiewicz and Brenden Sager contributed to this
article.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANDY SHARP / Staff Jackson's sons Roderick, 11 (left), and Michael
Chiaradia, 19, leave their Cobb County house, which is unreachable by foot. ;
ANDY SHARP / Staff Sabine Jackson and her family, including daughter Jordana,
13, work Wednesday to salvage items from their flooded homes.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                January 13, 2016

Benue to Declare Emergency On Agric Extension Services - Commissioner
[interview]

BYLINE: Hope Abah

LENGTH: 1202 words

DATELINE: Makurdi


Mr. James Anbua is the Benue State Commissioner of Agriculture and Natural
Resources. He speaks in this interview with our correspondent in Makurdi on
plans to revitalise farming in the state to attract the youth to the sector in
the face of dwindling oil revenue and the shift to agriculture-based economy.
Excerpts:

How do you intend to manage the challenges of your ministry this year
considering the shift from over depending on federal allocation to agriculture?

The challenges are very hectic. I met nothing on ground in this ministry. As you
may know, the whole Ministry of Agriculture had only N700 million as budget for
last year. And before this administration came in, that money was exhausted
completely. But since the main thrust of this administration is agriculture
industrialisation, you can't industrialise agriculture without having to go into
mechanised farming. That is the main focus of Ortom's administration. And before
any mechanisation of agriculture, you have to go into land development and land
clearing. So, land development and clearing became the main issue in this
administration as mechanisation simply means using serious farm implements like
tractors. Before you go into mechanisation, the land must be properly developed
for agricultural usage. Even though we had planned to go into integrated
farming, we had to begin with crop production. That is why land development and
land clearing have become key issues in this administration. And we are
seriously going into it.

What are you going to do differently this year to make farming attractive to the
youths in the state?


I will make sure that we have market for our farm produce. In the past, people
farm but don't get value for their produce. That is why we are talking about
production, processing and marketing as a value chain which is very necessary.
Secondly, we have to provide farming incentives to youths. We are talking of
agric loans but those agric loans will not be disbursed as direct loans. We will
not 'carry cash' and give to them. But if you are into rice production for
instance, you will write and give us what and what you will need for your rice
farm in terms of farm implements, seedlings, inputs and so on. Cost it and we
will provide them for you using your agric loan. This is because available
statistics have shown that direct loans do not work.

The agricultural sector has N6.2 billion in the 2016 budget, how excited are you
about this and how do you intend to utilise this for more food production and
development of the Benue agric economy?

I'm excited because we have enough and as I said, we are going to open up the
rural areas and encourage all our farmers to go into crop production. Once there
is massive crop production, there will be enough for processing and once you
have food processing, you will have market for it. I want you to know that for
any food produced in Benue, there is ready market. So food production in the
state will create stability, market and development for Benue State. What is the
current state of the tomato puree factory in Wanune? We have already planned out
growers' scheme and we are starting this cropping season. It is only when you
have available out growers that factory will satisfactorily have raw materials.
We are only waiting for the completion of that factory. Government is working
assiduously to complete that factory and we believe that before the end of the
second quarter of this year, something tangible will be done on the factory.
Once that is done, we will take off. As at now, the whole tomato that is
produced in Benue cannot satisfy that factory unless we do something more than
that and that is why I'm trying to bring in improved seedlings and encourage
more out growers so we can have more raw materials to feed the factory. What are
your plans to put an end to farmers' nightmare in getting fertilisers at
government subsidised prices as at when due? I am a farmer as I earlier told you
and I had a practical experience of what you are saying. And the governor too as
a farmer, knows that we usually get fertilisers late and sometimes when we are
supposed to get we don't get. This administration came in when cropping season
was almost late. But as soon as the governor was sworn in, he swung into action
by trying to procure fertilisers. We have developed a different model which to
the best of our knowledge has yielded some positive results and we intend to
improve on that model which means that government will no longer procure
fertilisers. It is now contracted to a contractor whose duty is to procure the
consignment and we make sure he delivers it to the appropriate farmers who then
buy at a subsidized rate. So, when are you going to start distributing seedlings
and fertilisers? Seedlings, as soon as possible but, I believe we will start
distributing fertilisers as early as from February. Even now, some of the ones
we supplied last year are still available at some local government headquarters
and farmers can still go and procure them. There is serious problem of lack of
extension workers in the state. To what extent are you addressing the issue?
Just like you have said, the state lacks extension workers and we are going to
declare state of emergency in that area. As I am talking to you, the Ministry of
Agriculture is grossly understaffed and before you can achieve any landmark in
agriculture, you must have extension workers.

Now that we are resuscitating our agro centres, they are seriously needed and
you can't do without agriculture extension workers because they are the ones
that are very close to the farmers. Which area of agriculture would your
ministry focus heavily on when eventually the N6.2 billion proposed budget for
the sector is signed into law?

I earlier told you that the foundation of agricultural production is crop
production. And that starting point is not there, yet we call ourselves the food
basket of the nation. Meanwhile, the basket is empty because we have neglected
agriculture in the past. And to do any serious agriculture, you have to
mechanize. And for any mechanized agriculture to take place in Benue State,
there must be land development. So, the focus of this budget must be land
clearing and land development. And thereafter, proper mechanised farming can
follow. Does the ministry have any plan to expand the Zaki-Biam yam market? The
intention of this administration is to make it an international yam hub with a
processing zone. And the aim is when we make it an international yam hub, all
yam produced in that area will be emptied in Zaki-Biam. And the intention is to
have processing zones and probably packaging in that part of the state. We also
plan to have another international yam hub in Makurdi here which is in the
pipeline. I am working on that already. The strategy is that all the yam
produced around Zones B and C as well as the market in Nasarawa too would be
emptied in Makurdi. So, if we have an international yam hub here, we will be on
track with our processing facilities and so on. To have two yam markets in Benue
is not too much. Not only yams but also, sesame seed, groundnuts, and the rest
of them. Rice market can be in many parts of the state.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Naylor heads to Bradford in emergency loan deal

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 179 words


DERBY County defender Tom Naylor has joined Bradford City on a two-month
emergency loan.

The 21-year-old's only appearance for the first team this season came as a
substitute in the Capital One Cup tie against Scunthorpe United in August.

His loan runs up to and including January 12.

Signed from Mansfield Town, the right-back or centre-half enjoyed a run of eight
consecutive starts towards the end of last season, when John Brayford was
sidelined with a thigh injury. Naylor struggled for form and fitness in
pre-season and has been a regular in the under-21 team, although a tight
hamstring forced him off after an hour of Tuesday's defeat by Nottingham Forest.

The window for emergency loans closes on Thursday.

Derby's under-18 and under-21 fixtures against Sheffield Wednesday on December 1
and 3 have been postponed due to the Owls' involvement in the FA Youth Cup. The
under-18s will now play the Owls on Wednesday, December 5 (kick off 11am) at
Wednesday's Middlewood Road training ground.

The under-21 fixture will be played at Moor Farm on Monday, December 17, at 1pm.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Derby County's Tom Naylor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DET


                     Copyright 2012 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday

Governors want higher farm-gate price (Congressmen seek land expropriation for
rice planting)

BYLINE: Alexis Douglas B. Romero, Elizabeth T. Marcelo and Lemuel L. Pagliawan

SECTION: Pg. S1/11

LENGTH: 878 words


The League of Provinces (LP), which consists of provincial governors, has vowed
to help the central government curb rice hoarding by further increasing the farm
-gate prices of palay (paddy rice) and intensifying the supervision of rice
traders.

"Local government units (LGUs) will join hands with the DA (Department of
Agriculture) in preventing rice hoarding via the aggressive monitoring of
unscrupulous traders in their respective localities and assisting the NFA
(National Food Authority) in its palay-buying operations, in order to better
protect our consumers and farmers alike," the league said in a resolution
presented to President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on Tuesday.

In a telephone interview with reporters, Eastern Samar Governor and LP
Secretary-General Benjamin P. Evardone said governors are planning to release
funds to adjust the buying price of palay and in turn convince farmers to sell
their produce to the NFA.

"The agenda is to prevent traders from controlling the harvest of the palay. The
problem is that the NFA cannot compete with these traders [in terms of buying
price] so governors may increase the buying price of palay," he said.

Earlier, Mrs. Arroyo ordered the increase of palay farm-gate prices to P17 a
kilogram (kg) from P12/kg. But some traders are reportedly buying the staple at
a higher amount to increase their stock and to take advantage of the perceived
rice shortage.

Mr. Evardone said the higher buying price may vary per province and may range
between P2 and P5.

"Most of the provinces are willing to augment the palay buying price but this is
not sweeping and will not be implemented nationwide. It will be done on a
case-to-case basis depending on the situation...," he said.

Mr. Evardone said the governors can also ask farmers to sell their harvest to
the government in case they decide not to increase the buying price of palay.

The President has ordered the departments of Trade and Industry and Justice to
intensify the drive against rice hoarders.

"We have already taken steps to protect our consumers from rice and even bread
bandits and unscrupulous traders together with their accomplices in the
bureaucracy who would hold our citizens hostage to their own selfish and corrupt
practices," Mrs. Arroyo said during a Cabinet meeting last Tuesday.

"I am leading the charge to crack down on any form of corruption by public or
private persons who would divert supplies or pervert the price of the
essential."

Justice Secretary Raul M. Gonzalez warned that those caught hoarding rice may be
slapped with economic sabotage, which is punishable by lifetime imprisonment.

Tightening food supplies worldwide due to swelling food demand and climate has
caused the price of rice to increase to more than $700 per metric ton from about
$400 in January.

Early this month, Mrs. Arroyo said a P43.7-billion funding is available to
improve agricultural production. The amount will be packaged in six items:
fertilizers, irrigation, extension work and education, loans, dryers, and other
post-harvest facilities, and seeds.

Meanwhile, at least three congressmen yesterday backed Speaker Prospero C.
Nograles' proposal to conduct a full audit of idle and arable lands nationwide
that can be made available for food production, adding that the government
should consider the need to declare state of emergency even just for taking over
these lands.

"We can also improve these idle agricultural lands by effective irrigation and
tapping cooperatives to go hand in hand with CARP (Comprehensive Agrarian Reform
Program)," said Rep. Matias V. Defensor, Jr. (3rd district, Quezon City) said in
a weekly press forum yesterday.

Mr. Defensor said that under a state of emergency, Mrs. Arroyo can take over the
idle lands.

Rep. Roilo S. Golez (2nd district, Paranaque) said Congress should take its cue
on this issue from the President.

"The moment she declares state of emergency, we [Congress] can go on marathon
sessions to pass necessary bills that will improve our agriculture performance,"
he said, recalling a similar prerogative given to President Fidel V. Ramos in
addressing the power and water crises in the early 1990s.

Rep. Magtanggol T. Gunigundo (2nd district, Valenzuela) said that the government
should also look into providing adequate credit facilities and crop insurance
loans to farmers.

Meanwhile, Mr. Nograles said in a statement Congress is prepared to consider the
emergency powers if the problem will escalate and reach a "critical stage."

"At least there is a stand-by resolution pending in the House which can be acted
upon when needed," Mr. Nograles said, referring to the proposal recently filed
by La Union Rep. Thomas Dumpit, Jr. (2nd district).

In a related development, the Department of Agriculture's Region 8 office hopes
to expand rice farm areas by tapping idle lands in agriculture research stations
and military camps.

Leo Caneda, regional executive director, said included in the list is the penal
colony in Abuyog, Leyte province.

"We don't have the estimate yet about how many hectares will be tapped for this
purpose but we are already coordinating this matter with concerned agencies."

Eastern Visayas is self-sufficient in rice, but Mr. Caneda said the government
wants to further increase output to serve other regions.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            August 18, 2007 Saturday

Disaster looms for cattle ranchers

BYLINE: By Dawn House The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 678 words


Utah ranchers devastated by recent wildfires have lost nearly eight times the
number of cattle previously thought - and need more than 1,600 semitrailer
truckloads of hay to feed surviving herds moved from burned-out ranges.

The disaster facing the state's No. 1 agriculture industry is told in the
numbers of a Utah Department of Agriculture and Food survey of ranchers released
Friday: Nearly 300 cattle and calves were killed by fire, 90 were injured and
1,285 are unaccounted for. Initial reports had placed the number of cattle
killed at 200.

Fires and drought have pushed nearly half of all cattle in the state off summer
ranges - forcing ranchers to sell off herds or find the money to buy hay, says a
U.S. Statistical Service report. Some 78 ranchers affected by wildfires say they
need at least 38,500 tons of hay to feed nearly 9,700 displaced animals,
according to the Agriculture Department survey.

Those numbers don't include other producers in 25 of the state's 29 counties
coping with severe drought, Utah agriculture officials say.

Rancher Clark Bradshaw of Beaver lost 38 head in the Milford Flat fire, which
charred more than 363,052 acres. He hopes that recent rain will give him a few
more weeks to graze his cattle on public lands. Bradshaw knows, however, that
he'll have to bring home his herd long before the traditional October deadline,
and then, "I'll have to get a loan and start buying hay."

Yet so far, government relief to ranchers and farmers has been as sparse as
precipitation in this drought-stricken state.

The U.S. Agriculture secretary is still deciding whether to declare a disaster
for Utah, which would qualify ranchers and farmers for low-interest loans.
Federal officials say Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr.'s July 27 letter seeking relief took
nine days to make its way to Washington, D.C. It takes at least three weeks for
some kind of a determination, once the request is processed.

"Typically, government response to agriculture doesn't have the same immediacy
of say, when people have lost their homes in a natural disaster," said Ag
Department spokesman Larry Lewis.

Although the federal government has paid landowners tens of millions of dollars
to idle their rangelands, releasing the acreage for emergency grazing may be
problematic.

One requirement is that Utah's drought must be classified by the federal
government in the "extreme" D-4 category, but conditions currently are listed
only in the "severe" D-3 designation.

Drought categories tend to lag behind actual conditions, said Bruce Richeson,
the executive director of the U.S. Farm Service Agency. And, monsoon rains in
various parts of the state may skew the numbers even more.

Nevertheless - the drought is severe enough that lands held in the Conservation
Reserve Program may be in such poor condition that the acreage may not be
suitable for emergency grazing anyway, officials said.

Utah State University has set up a Web site, Utahexchange.org, so that producers
wanting to sell or buy hay may obtain contact information. There's also a link
for anyone wishing to donate feed but "it's not that people aren't willing,"
said Utah Farm Bureau spokesman Matt Hargreaves, "it's that they're not able."

Salt Lake mortgage broker Lawrence Whetman is the first to offer free
assistance. Whetman, who owns 640 acres near Monticello in southeastern Utah, is
offering ranchers a place to graze and water their cattle. Whetman is working
with the Utah Farm Bureau to determine just how many cattle his property can
support, "but the land is available right now," he said, "and ready to go."

Even so, producers suffering losses from wildfires apparently aren't expecting
much help. Nearly half of the producers surveyed by Ag Department said they
expect to "cowboy up," meaning they'll ride out the disaster on their own.

By the numbers

* 78: Ranchers affected by wildfires surveyed

* 1,285: Cattle unaccounted for

* 300: Cattle and calves killed

* 90: Cattle injured

* 38,500: Tons of hay needed to feed nearly 9,700 animals

Source: U.S. Statistical Service, Utah Department of Agriculture and Food

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                             July 31, 2007 Tuesday

Milk giant pays dairy producers who can't deliver

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 440 words


Britain's largest milk processor has become the latest to offer a helping hand
to farmers devastated by the floods.

Dairy Crest has announced it will pay a group of its suppliers across
Gloucestershire and Worcestershire for their milk, even though it has been
unable to collect it.

Steve Harris, Dairy Crest's direct supplies controller, confirmed that the
processor had opted to pay about 25 suppliers who had been forced to dispose of
their milk because tankers were unable to access their farms.

"These are exceptional circumstances. Our suppliers have suffered considerable
hardship as a result of the flooding, and the decision to pay for the milk they
have lost is one way we can help alleviate this," he said. "Every effort was
made to collect all the milk, but access to some farms was simply impossible.
The safety of drivers and staff is obviously paramount."

Farming charities and support groups are already dealing with huge numbers of
calls for help.

The Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution, the ARC-Addington Fund and Farm
Crisis Network say they are working together to help and support those in most
need.

RABI chief executive Paul Burrows said the floods had brought extreme hardship
for many families.

"RABI can provide emergency financial assistance to those unable to pay domestic
bills or purchase the essentials of life in times of crisis. Many are currently
having to endure such difficulties," he said.

"Our welfare officers are on standby to provide welfare advice and financial
support."

The RABI welfare department can be contacted on the confidential emergency
helpline - 01865 727888.    Details of the support available from the Farming
Help Partners can be found on www.farming help.org.uk

Many farmers in the flood-hit areas will need temporary cash help to tide them
over the crisis, according to Gloucestershire NFU chairman John Hore.

Gloucestershire Small Business Association has announced it is making £5,000
interest-free loans available, and the Regional Development Agency has earmarked
£2 million to support small businesses directly affected by the flooding.

Business Link is also offering an emergency support package offering grants of
up to £2,500 and free advice.

Mr Hore said: "If any businesses have felt the full impact of these floods then
it's the farms.

"We intend to ensure we get our fair share of whatever help is out there."

n Useful links: ARC-Addington Fund - www.arc-addingtonfund.org.uk; Farming Help
Partners - www.farminghelp.org.uk; Farm Crisis Network  - www.farmcrisis
network.org.uk; Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution - www.rabi.org.uk;
Business Link - www.businesslink.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6284  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 250 (Wednesday, December 31, 2014)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 78689-78694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30172]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 79, No. 250 / Wednesday, December 31, 2014 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 78689]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 761, 762, 764, and 765

RIN 0560-AI29


Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) loan making and servicing regulations to reflect several changes
required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes
were implemented administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm
Bill; this rule makes conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

DATES: Effective: December 31, 2014.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202)
720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means
for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should
contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to
farmers whose financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial
lenders. Through direct and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO),
Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation Loans (CL); direct Microloans
(ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land Contract (LC) guarantees,
FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in starting and
maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used to
pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital
improvements; refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland,
livestock, equipment, feed and other materials essential to farm
operations. FSA services extend beyond the typical loan by offering
farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to make their farm
successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit. Farmers with
direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit when
their financial condition will allow them to do so.
 In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to
$5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income
producing, agriculture related projects. The project must be of modest
size, educational and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers of America (FFA), or a
similar organization.
 Throughout this rule, any reference to ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes ``ranch'' or ``rancher'', respectively.
 This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several
provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan
making and servicing programs. More specifically, the changes:
 Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
 Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint
financing arrangement;
 Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
 Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made
under the downpayment program;
 Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
 Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive
future Government loans under certain circumstances;
 Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the
existing OL term limitations, and add a special ML interest rate
available to beginning and veteran farmers;
 Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
 Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically
the maximum owned acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help
protect natural resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement
these conservation measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO
and OL Programs that are targeted toward family and less financially
established farmers, eligibility requirements for the CL Program permit
FSA to provide assistance to applicants who may not be a family farmer
or are financially strong.
 Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e)
to increase the percent of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80
percent, and authorized a 90 percent guarantee for a qualified
beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer. Lenders will now be
able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.
 Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than
the typical 90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee.
Partially due to this lower percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs
have been extremely limited since guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be
used for conservation purposes.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent
of guarantee for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the
even higher 90 percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will
increase the use of CL guarantees used to implement conservation
practices, which benefit not only the farmer, but the environment as
well.

Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing)
arrangement are eligible for a special joint financing interest rate.
These loans require that a commercial lender or private party provide a
portion of the financing, such that the FO does not exceed 50 percent
of the total amount financed. FOs may be used to purchase a farm,
enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm structures, pay
closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and protection.
Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.
 Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that
are part of a joint financing arrangement. This joint financing
interest rate is the direct FO

[[Page 78690]]

regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.
 Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent
and has been since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint
financing interest rate of 5 percent has been higher than the direct FO
interest rate. As a result, there has been no financial incentive for
the farmer to finance a portion of the real estate purchase with
another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning or SDA farmer
who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest rate.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs
that are part of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest
rate for FOs made under a joint financing agreement will encourage
farmers to seek commercial lender financing, and therefore reduce FSA
financing of the farm to 50 percent or less. FSA expects to be able to
leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO funds, to assist an
even greater number of eligible family farmers.

Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal
property. Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA
loan making and servicing actions.
 Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that
in order for FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as
FO collateral, the products' value must be considered in the appraised
value of the real estate securing the loan.
 Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously
required that for FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be
included in the appraised value of the real estate security in order
for FSA to have a valid lien on those products. This rule removes this
mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7 and 765.252 for all future
FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014, the date of the
2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in oil,
gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether
the value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the
property. This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage
forms.

Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in
purchasing a farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO
loans and require participation by another lender, along with cash down
payment requirement of 5 percent.
 Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of
the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit
for downpayment FOs to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150;
however, section 305 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum
loan amount for each FO, including downpayment FOs, to $300,000.
 Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000
(45 percent of $500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited
to $300,000. This difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting
factor in many loan transactions, particularly as loan amounts have
increased due to rising farm real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR
764.203 to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FO loans to
$300,000.

YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10
to 20, to finance income producing and agricultural related projects.
The project must be modest in size, educational, and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in a 4-H Club, FFA,
or similar organization.
 Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency
requirement for YL. Eligible youth in suburban and urban areas will now
be eligible for YL.
 Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in
a rural area. FSA regulations further defined this as ``residing in a
rural area, city, or town with a population of 50,000 or fewer
people.'' The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to eliminate the rural
residency requirement for YL. The removal of this requirement now
allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban and
urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.

YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's
control, will no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional
loans from any U.S. Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL
debt forgiveness, or who are delinquent on a YL, will now be able to
receive student loans. The servicing and collection of YLs is not
affected by the statute and will continue under the present
regulations.
 Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to,
on a case by case basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the
borrower was unable to repay the loan due to circumstances beyond the
control of the borrower. The Secretary may also determine that the debt
forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of terrorism, or other
man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of damage
severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by
this section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining
eligibility of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that
agency.
 In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a
delinquent borrower be denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal
government to pay for educational expenses of the borrower. As a
practical matter, FSA has always provided debt forgiveness, in the form
of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on the same terms as any other
borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond the borrower's
control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the Agency
Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of ``debt forgiveness''
in 7 CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving
rise to the debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control, it will not be used in consideration of a FSA loan
application. As this is a mandate on the entire Federal Government with
particular emphasis on loans for educational expenses, FSA will also
make information regarding this change available to all YL borrowers
who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness
or while they are delinquent.
 With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April
26, 1996) requires that delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so
that centralized collection can be pursued through the Treasury Offset
Program and outside collection agencies. Section 373 of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers to only one debt
forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by the 2014
Farm Bill.

[[Page 78691]]

ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for
Beginning or Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique
financial operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of
family farm operations. ML offers more flexible access to credit for
these types of family farm operations, who often face limited financing
options.
 Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran
farmers from the direct OL term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm
Bill defines a ``veteran farmer or rancher'' as someone who has served
in the Armed Forces of the United States and who has not farmed, or has
farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to include
the definition of a veteran farmer.
 As previously mentioned, the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes the term ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' respectively. Therefore,
all references to the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' will also
respectively include ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' including the definition
of a ``veteran farmer.'' Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they
receive will count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014
Farm Bill also amended section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to
make available a special interest rate on ML equal to half the rate on
5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never less than 5 percent, to
beginning or veteran farmers.
 Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from
the OL term limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the
exclusion to include veteran farmers.
 In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular
OL rate or a limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to
add the 2014 Farm Bill special ML interest rate that will be at the
same rate as the limited resource OL rate, but will not be subject to
special servicing reviews by FSA since it will not be considered a
limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a veteran farmer
applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the direct
OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who
typically have fewer financial resources and limited options available
to finance their farming operation.

Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits.
Family farmers will no longer be restricted in the number of years they
can receive a guaranteed OL.
 Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit
for normal operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock
purchases, minor real estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance
debt. The repayment term may vary, but are never longer than 7 years.
OLs used to pay for normal operating expenses are set up as a line of
credit and are typically repaid within 12 months.
 Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15
years in which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers
who continued to have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and
had received 15 years of OL, were unable to receive additional
guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR 762.122 to eliminate all
guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will now be able to
obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide them
with access to credit on better rates and terms.

Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership
Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991) to change the owned real farm property limit
from 30 percent of the median farm acreage to 30 percent of the average
farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees loans to beginning farmers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial lenders. Each fiscal
year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO and OL
funds to beginning farmers.
 Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the
loan applicant must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30
percent of the median farm acreage, except for an OL applicant.
According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, nationally the median size
farm is 80 acres, while the average size farm is 434 acres. The farm
acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a limit so low in
many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages of real
farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds
targeted to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change
the owned real farm property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based
on the average, will now allow many qualified applicants access to farm
loan funds targeted to beginning farmers, which previously were not
available to them.

Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)
requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the
Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to
participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,
views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,
except when the rule involves a matter relating to public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule
without the opportunity for comments.

Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before
rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule is required to be
published in the Federal Register, and the required publication of a
substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before its effective
date. One of the exceptions is when the agency finds good cause for not
delaying the effective date. As noted above, the changes in this rule
are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed no discretion
in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after the
enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for
making this rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the
Federal Register. Therefore, this final rule is effective when
published in the Federal Register.

Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and
Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''
direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available
regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select
regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential
economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive
impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance
of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as
not

[[Page 78692]]

significant under Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and
Review,'' and, therefore, OMB was not required to review this final
rule.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-
612), as amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996 (SBREFA), generally require an agency to prepare a
regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule subject to the notice and
comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any other law, unless the
agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small
businesses according to the North American Industry Classification
System and the U. S. Small Business Administration. There is no
diversity in size of the entities affected by this rule, and the costs
to comply with it are the same for all entities.
 In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan
making and loan servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose
any additional cost to the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.

Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a
manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council
on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA
regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 1940, subpart G). The
changes contained in the rule are all mandatory changes required by the
2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either in whether to
implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a
final rule to update the regulations to match the changes previously
implemented administratively with an agency directive in February 2014.
As such, FSA will not prepare an environmental assessment or
environmental impact statement for this regulatory action.

Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials. The
objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an intergovernmental
partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying on State and
local processes for State and local government coordination and review
of proposed Federal Financial assistance and direct Federal
development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part 3015,
subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities
within this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.

Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive
Order 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State
and local laws and regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable
conflict with this rule. Before any judicial action may be brought
concerning the provisions of this rule the administrative appeal
provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.

Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,
``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any
substantial direct effect on States, the relationship between the
Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not required.

Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of
Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian
Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies
to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government
basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,
legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy
statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or
more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
 FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and
determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal
implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order
13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA
Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is
provided where changes, additions, and modifications identified in this
rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.

Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.
104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the
private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,
including a cost benefit analysis, for final rule with Federal mandates
that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more in any 1 year
for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the
private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider
alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule
contains no Federal mandates under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore,
this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of
UMRA.

Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any
changes to the currently information collection request of OMB control
numbers, 0560-0155, 0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and
0560-0230.

E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote
the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information
and services and other purposes.

Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found
in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule
would apply are: 10.099 Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans;
10.406 Farm Operating Loans; and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 761

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

[[Page 78693]]

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as
follows:

PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart A--General Provisions

0
1. Amend Sec. 761.2(b) as follows:
0
a. Amend the definition of ``Beginning farmer'' in paragraph (5) by
removing the word ``median'' each time it appears and adding the word
``average'' in its place;
0
b. Revise the definition of ``Debt forgiveness''; and
0
c. Add the definition of ``Veteran farmer'' in alphabetical order.
 The additions read as follows:


Sec. 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
* * * * *
 Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the
Act in a manner that results in a loss to the Agency.
 (1) Debt forgiveness may be through:
 (i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;
 (ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or
claim pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or
 (iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan
guaranteed by the Agency.
 (2) Debt forgiveness does not include:
 (i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;
 (ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a
discrimination complaint against the Agency;
 (iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;
 (iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a
loan; or
 (v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control.
 The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to
determine if the circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.
* * * * *
 Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as
defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--
 (1) has not operated a farm; or
 (2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.
* * * * *


Sec. 761.7 [Amended]

0
2. In Sec. 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).

PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS

0
3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.


Sec. 762.122 [Amended]

0
4. In Sec. 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs
(c) through (e) as (b) through (d).

0
5. In Sec. 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as
follows:
 The revision reads as follows:


Sec. 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed
90 percent based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both
before and after the transaction. The Agency will determine the
percentage of guarantee. See paragraph (b) of this section for
exceptions.
 (b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency
except:
 (1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:
 (i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an
Agency direct farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to
refinance a direct Agency loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee
will be provided; or
 (ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the
downpayment loan program; or
 (iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating
in the Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be
made during the period that a borrower has the down payment loan
outstanding; or
 (iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is
secured by one or more security instruments that are subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.
 (2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however,
the guarantee will be issued at 90 percent if:
 (i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or
 (ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.
 (c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP
lenders will not be less than 80 percent.
* * * * *


Sec. 762.130 [Amended]

0
6. In Sec. 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove ``75'' and add ``80 or 90'' in its
place.

PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING

0
7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

0
8. Revise Sec. 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the
amount of the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total
amount financed, the interest rate charged will be the greater of the
following:
 (i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each
Agency office, minus 2 percent; or
 (ii) 2.5 percent.
* * * * *

0
9. Revise Sec. 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7
CFR 761.8(a)(1)(i).
* * * * *

Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

0
10. Revise Sec. 764.252 to read as follows:


Sec. 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility
requirements established in Sec. 764.101.
 (b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have
received debt forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed
loan.
 (c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
receive direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living
expenses, provided that the applicant

[[Page 78694]]

meets all other applicable requirements under this part, if the
applicant:
 (1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;
 (2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan
under Chapter 11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or
 (3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after
April 4, 1996, resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-
designated emergency for the county or contiguous county in which the
applicant operates. Only applicants who were current on all existing
direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the beginning date of the
incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency and received
debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation of
such emergency meet this exception.
 (d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:
 (1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming
in the United States; and
 (2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm
is located.
 (e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
close an OL in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual
or as a member of an entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1)
through (4) of this section. The years may be consecutive or
nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number of OLs closed in a
year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran farmer are not
counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted toward this
limitation. The following exceptions apply:
 (1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who
will sign the promissory note is a beginning farmer.
 (2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by
one or more security instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe, and commercial credit is generally not available to such
farm operations.
 (3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
has closed direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of
April 4, 1996, the applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3
additional years after that date.
 (4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL
term limits for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative
appeal, if the applicant:
 (i) Has a financially viable operation;
 (ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority
interest, applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and
were unable to obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed
loan; and
 (iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year,
borrower training. Previous waivers to the borrower training
requirements are not applicable under this paragraph.

0
11. Add Sec. 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning
farmer or veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML
borrowers in these groups have the option of choosing the ML OL
interest rate or the Direct OL interest rate in effect at the time of
approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the time of closing.
* * * * *


Sec. 764.302 [Amended]

0
12. In Sec. 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs
(e) through (f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).

PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR

0
13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

0
14. Revise Sec. 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:


Sec. 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014,
and loans other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from
December 23, 1985, to November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights
must have been included in the original appraisal in order for the
Agency to obtain a security interest in any oil, gas, and other mineral
associated with the real estate security.
* * * * *

Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Flood victims clean up while local volunteers offer help

BYLINE: Keith Clines, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 678 words


Dec. 30--Elbert Wallace and his son, Elbert Wallace Jr., spent Tuesday sweeping
out the last of 27 inches of flood waters from their Pine Circle Southwest
home's basement and garage while two pickups nearby remained covered in water.

The elder Wallace said insurance won't cover his losses, which include a washer
and dryer, water heater, two freezers, two treadmills, clothes and more. He's
not sure if two sofas and a pool table are salvageable.

"I had about $4,500 worth of Air Jordans," Wallace Jr. said. "They're all gone."

Wallace Jr. also said he lost a lot of photos that had sentimental value.

Local residents Cory Samz and Chris and Lindsey Humphries have organized a
donation drive to help families who suffered losses from this weekend's
flooding.

Chris Humphries said they are collecting items such as clothes, cleaning
supplies,

hygiene products, bedding and nonperishable food for flood victims.

"We've got more stuff than I could ever believe," said Chris Humphries, a State
Farm Insurance Agent in Priceville. "My living room is full of clothes. I've got
three rooms in my office all piled up."

The group had helped six families through Tuesday, Chris Humphries said.

Flood victims needing help can call 256-274-1291 and leave a message, he said.

Donations can be taken to Humphries' State Farm office, 853 N. Bethel Road,
Priceville; Graves Grocery, 10034 Alabama 36, Lacey's Spring; or Save More
Family Market, 5276 Alabama 67.

More help could be on the way if President Barrack Obama declares that a major
disaster exists from the flooding.

Brandy Davis, an emergency management specialist in the Morgan County Emergency
Management Agency, said officials are assessing the damage costs to public
infrastructure.

If the repair and replacement costs reach a certain threshold, Gov. Robert
Bentley can ask the president to issue a disaster declaration that would open
the spigot for federal aid. Federal aid could include such things as grants for
temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property
losses, and other programs to help individuals and businesses.

Davis said residents with flood damage should contact the EMA at 256-351-4620 or
at bdavis@co.morgan.al.us to more quickly receive help if a disaster declaration
is issued.

The elder Wallace said he didn't have flood insurance on his house because the
bank that refinanced the house in 2010 told him the house was not in a flood
zone. But, he said Tuesday that his insurance carrier now tells him it is in the
100-year flood zone.

Wallace believes his insurance company should have contacted him if the flood
zone had changed since 2010. He said he would have bought flood insurance if he
had thought the house was in the flood zone.

"You left me without a means to protect myself," he said, referring to what he
thinks is a lack of notification.

Decatur's flood zone maps have not changed since Dec. 16, 2005, said Tom Polk, a
plans examiner in the Decatur Building Department.

Part of the Pine Circle lot that Wallace's tri-level house is on is in the
100-year flood zone, but it appears that the house is out of the flood zone,
Polk said.

A certified survey establishing the elevation of the home's first floor could
resolve the confusion, Polk said.

Nationwide Insurance agent Mickey Brewington said a house doesn't have to be in
the flood zone for a homeowner to buy flood coverage.

"That would generally be inexpensive," he said.

The National Flood Insurance Program, which is part of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, can provide up to $250,000 coverage on a home and $100,000
coverage on contents in a policy for a home not in the flood zone, Brewington
said.

Most mortgage lenders require flood insurance on a home in a flood zone before
they will give the buyer a loan, Brewington said.

Flood insurance is available through the National Flood Insurance Program and
administered by private insurance carriers, he said.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151230-DD-Flood-victims-clean-up-while-local-volunteers-offer-help-1230-201512
30

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             March 10, 2013 Sunday

Business watch: Pawn shop and HVAC center open

LENGTH: 608 words


Here are some highlights of Topeka's business news:

INTERNET PROVIDER EXPANDS NETWORK

Georgia-based Internet and phone company Birch Communications has added a new
cell tower, which it says will allow it to serve more customers.

Birch marketing manager Laura Wagner said the company previously had rented the
use of AT&T's cables to serve its customers, but it recently expanded its
network to serve customers more directly. Prices vary based on services needed.

"We're going to put it all on our network, so that means lower rates for our
customers," she said. "We've got more room for people to join Birch."

Most of Birch's customers are small businesses, Wagner said, though it does have
some residential customers. It currently has 212 customers in Topeka, and 2,204
statewide.

Birch also recently put up new towers and expanded its networks in Lawrence,
Manhattan and Salina. The company also expanded in Florida, Georgia, North
Carolina, South Carolina and Texas.

EMERGENCY LOANS FOR FARMERS AVAILABLE

The Farm Service Agency has loans available for farmers who lost crops or
livestock since November due to the drought.

Farmers in Shawnee, Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin and Osage counties are
eligible if they lost 30 percent or more of their yields due to the drought.
Some farmers in Johnson, Linn and Miami counties also may qualify.

To receive assistance, the applicant must have a "family-sized" operation, farm
loan officer Tammy Nichols said. That term is defined partly by the amount of
hired labor a farm includes, but farmers who think they might qualify should
call for more information because the rules are complicated, she said.

"Most of our applicants are husbands and wives," she said.

The loans can be for up to $500,000. In the aftermath of certain disasters, such
as tornadoes, that money typically goes toward rebuilding, Nichols said, but in
the case of droughts it typically goes toward helping farmers pay their debts
and meet daily needs while their yields and finances recover.

Applications will be accepted until Sept. 9. The interest rate on the farm loans
is 1.25 percent in March, though that rate could rise or fall over the next six
months.

For more information, call the FSA office in Ottawa, (785) 242-3527.

NEW PAWN SHOP

Integrity Guns and Pawn Shop opened Monday at 1949 S.W. Gage Blvd.

Owner Todd Reeves said he had previously worked in investment management, but
wanted to take a new direction in his career.

"I had always been fascinated with pawn shops and the gun industry and was
looking for a new adventure," he said.

Reeves said he prefers to stock items with a high value and relatively small
size, such as gold and silver jewelry, but the shop also can accept a variety of
items.

"It's pretty much anything that will fit through the door," he said.

The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms is expected to approve a gun
dealer's license for the shop in the next few weeks, Reeves said. When that is
approved, customers will be able to buy, sell and pawn guns.

Integrity is open from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and 9 a.m. to 5
p.m. Saturday. For more information, call the store, (785) 215-8970.

HVAC TRAINING CENTER OPEN FOR TOURS

Washburn Tech will cut the ribbon on its new training room for heating and air
conditioning technology at 9:30 a.m. Tuesday. The public is asked to gather at
the campus conference center for introductory remarks from Washburn officials,
who will then take guests for guided tours of the center until 11 a.m. People
who would like to attend are asked to email georgianne.crow@washburntech.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      July 16, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

Fickle Weather Plays With Farmers' Fortunes; As Drought Fears Diminish, Many
Face Flooded Markets

William Claiborne , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1195 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


If ever there was a season that demonstrated the fickleness of farming, this is
it.

In May, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman and National Weather Service
officials predicted that severe drought could cripple the farm economy in much
of the Midwest and Deep South. Glickman warned that the lack of rain could be
"catastrophic" to farmers, and Weather Service Director Jack Kelly gloomily
observed that the Midwest drought was the worst since 1955.

Farmers in the agricultural heartland took heed of the warning. Many who were
still storing their 1999 yields held off putting their crops on the market,
reckoning that a drought-induced falloff in production this year would drive up
prices.

What happened was just the opposite. Timely rains and cooler-than-predicted
temperatures have offered promise of bumper crops in much of the Midwest and
other parts of the nation this fall, ensuring that grain and soybean prices will
go down for the third straight year because of continuing oversupply, according
to farm economists.

The U.S. Agriculture Department last week lowered its price projections for
corn, soybeans and wheat because of bountiful crops and sagging markets in the
United States and overseas. The USDA said farmers should get an average of $
1.70 per bushel for corn this year, 15 cents less than a projection issued last
month and 10 cents below what growers got for last year's crop. The projection
for soybeans is down 10 cents from June's estimate and 25 cents less than last
year's average. The estimate for wheat is $ 2.50 a bushel, down 15 cents from
the June forecast.

The forecast for soybeans is the lowest since 1972, and for corn it is the
lowest price since the mid-1980s, when farmers rebelled and descended on
Washington in tractor motorcades to protest farm policies.

Agriculture experts said the already abundant stores of commodities are likely
to aggravate the price declines.

Keith Collins, the USDA's chief economist, said the turnaround in the weather
pattern and the new commodity price estimates were "disturbing" to him because
he had had reservations about holding the joint USDA-Weather Service news
conference on May 17 and about the Weather Service's first spring drought
forecast, which he said was based on new and unproven long-range predicting
technology.

"I felt there was not necessarily an implication for the size of the crop
because timely rain could be opportune and you could have normal crops," Collins
said. "But fairly strong signals were sent from the federal government that
could have influenced some farmers' marketing decisions."

Exacerbating the situation were warm soil conditions resulting from the mild
winter, which prompted farmers to plant their crops early and expand their
tilled acreage, Collins said. The result is likely to be a near-record 10
billion-bushel corn crop and a record 3 billion-bushel soybean crop. Corn and
soybeans account for half of U.S. crop production.

Farmers are expected to harvest 73.1 million acres of corn this year, up 2.6
million from 1999, and 73.5 million acres of soybeans, up 1 million from last
year, according to the USDA.

Because the cost of raw commodities accounts for only a small portion of retail
food prices, fluctuating prices for grain and soybeans usually have little
impact on consumers. The biggest impact will be on taxpayers because of
subsidies that farmers receive when commodity prices fall below government
support levels.

Collins said that generally a 10-cent decline in corn prices alone translates
into an extra $ 1 billion in higher price-support subsidies, meaning that
subsidies on this year's crops could reach $ 9 billion if prices continue to
decline. Growers are expected to get $ 7.5 billion to $ 8 billion in subsidies
for last year's crops.

In addition to crop subsidies, the government gave farmers $ 15 billion in
emergency aid in each of the last two years and is handing out an additional $
7.2 billion in emergency payments this year.

Collins said the USDA is forecasting spending $ 32.3 billion for all farm aid
programs this year, compared with the $ 26 billion spent in 1986--a year that he
said stimulated vast changes in farm policy because of rising aid costs. In
1996, when the market-oriented Freedom to Farm Act was adopted, government
agricultural experts were predicting $ 9 billion in total spending for this year
because of the reforms.

Collins noted that the impact of this year's "bin-busting" crops and the sharp
drop in prices--along with the rise in subsidy payments--will be most noticeable
at harvest time in October, at a crucial point in the presidential campaign.
However, he acknowledged that agricultural policy is not usually a major issue
in presidential campaigns.

From 1933 to 1996, a system of government regulations that guaranteed farm
income through cash subsidies and price supports in exchange for a measure of
control over production sought to even out supply fluctuations and the
corresponding price declines in bumper crop years.

When the Republican Congress overhauled that agricultural policy with the 1996
Freedom to Farm Act, it introduced the risk of higher highs and lower lows in
commodity prices but with shorter recovery times at the bottom end of the
cycles.

But some farmers say that what has happened is that the new export markets that
the government was supposed to develop as a cushion in big supply years have not
materialized, and existing export markets are shrinking because of increased
foreign competition. For that reason, some farmers contend, it is time to scrap
the market-oriented Freedom to Farm Act and reintroduce the rigid price floors
that existed before 1996.

Seeing little chance that commodity prices will rise any time soon, the leaders
of several farm groups told a House Agriculture Committee hearing on farm policy
last week that Congress should create a new income support program that would do
away with emergency aid packages.

George Naylor, who raises 560 acres of corn and soybeans in Churdon, Iowa, and
represents the National Family Farm Coalition, said cheap grain prices were
fueling the expansion of corporate farms and livestock "factories" at the
expense of family farms.

Naylor, in a telephone interview, said, "What cheaper grain is going to portend
is cheaper livestock, because when grains are cheap the factories are going to
increase their production." When that happens, ranchers will suffer and will buy
less grain, and a "vicious circle" will be perpetuated.

Naylor accused government economists of "brainwashing" the public into believing
that "bumper crops are bad because they drive down [commodity] prices."

He said that if a price floor was established for the basic storable commodities
like corn and soybeans through the use of nonrecourse loans, the stability
brought to feed grains would indirectly establish a floor under livestock
prices. Under a nonrecourse loan, if a farmer becomes eligible for a government
loan by setting aside land, he can sell his crop at the market price or store it
and be guaranteed a fixed bushel rate when he decides to sell.



LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, TWP

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Cooloola Advertiser (Queensland)

                                 March 4, 2014

QDO welcomes new initiatives

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 206  words


THE Queensland Dairyfarmers' Organisation has welcomed new drought measures from
the Federal Government, but says the situation for drought relief and support
measures will largely be status quo for dairy farmers.

"Just as with other severe national disasters, there is a role for the
government on behalf of the Australian community to assist in relieving some of
the disaster's impacts and helping farming families back on their feet,"
president Brian Tessmann said.

"For dairy farmers, the greatest changes will be an expansion of funding for
concessional loans, bringing forward the scheduled changes to farm household
income support, increased funding for emergency water infrastructure, and
funding for mental health support services.

"The funding for mental health support services is welcome and due recognition
of the need to focus on mental health as well as farm financial health. But QDO
notes the concessional loan program is contestable and won't be accessible for
all dairy farmers. Critically important also with the concessional loans will be
the viability test, which many dairy farmers, who are excellent managers, will
have difficulty with due to farm gate returns being suppressed by the
supermarket milk price war."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCA


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

Many banks are offering assistance to customers

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 361 words


Many banks are offering assistance to customers in fire affected areas:

RABOBANK: Deferral of scheduled loan payments; waiving of break costs on early
redemption of farm management deposits (FMDs); waiving of fees on loan increases
necessary to assist in rebuilding and waiving of feeds for equipment finance
contract variations.

ANZ: Suspended loan repayments, waiving fees associated with restructuring
business loans considered necessary due to bushfire impacts; consideration of
temporary adjustments to customer lending limits including credit cards.

NAB: Customers in NSW and ACT impacted by fires eligible for suspended home loan
repayments; waiving costs and charges for withdrawing term deposits early;
waiving home loan and personal loan fees and charges; credit card personal loan
relief where appropriate and support to restructure other existing bank
facilities.

Westpac: Warrumbungle local government area customers eligible for help
including fast-tracked insurance claims; deferred home loan repayments for up to
three months; affected businesses with existing loans can request loan
restructuring without incurring the usual bank establishment fees; affected
credit card customers may request an emergency credit limit increase and defer
repayments to their card for up to 90 days; customers wishing to purchase
replacement goods may apply for a personal loan at a discounted interest rate
with no establishment fee; Westpac will waive interest rate adjustments for
affected customers wishing to withdraw term deposits; customers experiencing
severe hardship will also be offered a halt on all interest accrual on unsecured
credit products for up to three months.

Commonweath: Package of measures for those in the Coonabarabran area; all
customers will be personally contacted; emergency accommodation help is
available for customers insured with the bank, individually tailored assistance
with home loans, credit card, and personal loans; loan restructuring for
business customers, and waiving some charges and fees.

n Phone Rabobank on 1800 025 484, ANZ on 13 13 14, NAB on 1800 701 599, Westpac
on 1300 731 073 or 1800 067 497 and Commonwealth on 132 221.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Rajan rules out loan waivers in AP, Telangana

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has virtually ruled out a farm loan waivers in the
states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.

"There's a master circular from the RBI which says agricultural crop loan in a
region can be waived if there's a crop loan failure of 50 per cent or more in a
catastrophe. But this is voluntary for banks. These cannot be treated as NPAs,"
he said. According to Rajan, this is activated when the district collector
certifies that there was over 50 per cent crop failure in the region. "No such
emergency was declared in Andhra Pradesh or Telangana. Looking at the numbers,
this 50 per cent criteria was not met in the case of these two states. We have
full harvest," the RBI Governor said, expressing the central bank's discomfort
in extending a farm loan waiver.

Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu had proposed a waiver of farm
loans before the general elections earlier this year. Telangana is also planning
a similar waiver. The total loan waiver, if implemented, could be in the region
of Rs 80,000 crore - Rs 1,20,000 crore.

The Indian Banks Association (IBA), the apex body of banks in India, has written
a letter to the finance ministry opposing the proposed loan waiver schemes in
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Such schemes will impact the loan repayment
culture in the country and will prompt borrowers to default on repayments, the
IBA said.

"The problem is that such waiver schemes will create more defaulters in the
banking system. There will be demand from more states which are going to the
polls. Banks are against such schemes," an IBA official had told The Indian
Express recently. Maharashtra and Haryana are going to the polls later this
year. "If you waive off the loans of defaulters, that's an invitation for more
defaults. Borrowers will stop repayments, expecting a loan waiver at a later
stage. This will impact the repayment culture and credit discipline," he said.
Although some bankers earlier individually opposed loan waivers, the IBA has now
taken up the issue on behalf of the entire banking sector.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 13, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

FEMA quickens its pace of federal support

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 473 words


Federal relief agencies - mindful of criticism over foot-dragging in Hurricane
Andrew - are fanning out quickly in flood-stricken areas.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has already opened more than a dozen
centers in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Missouri to process loan
forms and distribute aid to victims.

"In any disaster you're going to get criticism and make mistakes, but we're
trying to do everything we can for these people," says Richard Krimm, FEMA
associate director for state and local programs.

Programs available to flood victims include:

Emergency shelter and cash vouchers based on need to buy food, clothing,
medicine, bedding and other items, a service of the American Red Cross. A family
of four, for example, might get enough to buy a week's worth of food and two
outfits per person.

Shelter for up to 18 months in rental units, a service provided by FEMA.

Low-interest loans to replace belongings and to rebuild, from the Small Business
Administration.

Grants of up to $ 11,900 to low-income residents.

Emergency loans from the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) at 4.5% with up to a
40-year repayment period to replace buildings, equipment, livestock and supplies
not covered by insurance.

Twenty-year loans to farmers at the same interest rate to cover losses of more
than 30% on crops or livestock. The amount will be 80% of the loss amount.

Guaranteed commercial loans from FmHA with reduced interest rates for real
estate or to purchase or refinance feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock, supplies.

FmHA loan forgiveness up to $ 300,000. Loans can be restructured, with payments
deferred five years.

Victims can apply in person at FEMA application sites or by calling
800-462-9029.

In hard-hit Des Moines, where 250,000 residents lost their water supply to the
flood, officials Monday shipped in 100,000 gallons of drinking water with
another 300,000 gallons expected today. Also in place: four purification
machines that process 30,000 gallons of drinking water a day from river water.

Private companies are donating goods: Bottled water from Anheuser-Busch and
Coors, hot dogs from Oscar Mayer, snack foods from Kraft.

Exactly how much federal money will be needed is not yet known. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Espy says he expects farm losses to be at least $ 850 million;
other estimates are above $ 2 billion.

The government expects to compensate farmers at about 50 cents to the dollar -
the same rate as in Hurricane Andrew. FEMA's flood insurance program is $ 18
million in debt, but Vice President Gore says Congress will pass additional
funds if asked.

The biggest bills may come in rebuilding public projects like roads, bridges and
water treatment plants, says FEMA's Len DeCarlo of Moline, Ill. "We won't know
how bad it is until the water goes down."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Eugene Garcia, Agence France-Presse

MIDWEST FLOODING; See related stories; 01A,02A,03A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                             April 7, 1980, Monday

SECTION: Page 30, Column 2

LENGTH: 66 words

Agriculture Dept raises interest rates on farm operating loans to 12.5%,
economic emergency loans and disaster emergency loans to 14%, long-term real
estate loans to 12% and loans for rural homes, rural rental housing and rural
housing site development to 13%.  Notes action on Farmers Home Administration
loans is being taken to reflect higher interest rates in other sectors of
economy (S).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit Rules Eased, but Bankers Want More Help

                             March 22, 1985, Friday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Only a day after the Reagan administration eased farm credit guarantee rules,
banking leaders asked Congress for additional rescue measures for the ailing
sector.

On Wednesday, Agriculture Secretary John Block relaxed standards for obtaining
federal credit guarantees, a move he said would speed loan-making to beleaguered
farmers. Many banks that normally had to wait as long as 120 days for a federal
guarantee for a farm loan can now award the guarantee themselves as a result of
the change.

Before the House financial institutions subcommittee on Thursday, a group of
banking officials called for more help, urging that the net worth certificate
program now available to weak thrifts be extended to farm banks.The
certificates, granted by federal regulators, bolster the assets of a thrift
whose weak financial position would normally warrant closure by the regulators.

Farm banks have accounted for 11 of the 18 failures so far this year.

Rep. Doug Bereuter, R-Neb., Rep. Carroll Hubbard Jr., D-Ky., and Rep.  George
Wortley, R-N.Y., have introduced legislation to extend the net worth certificate
to farm banks.

Witnesses supporting the measure included representatives of the Independent
Bankers Association of America, an organization of mostly small banks, and the
American Bankers Association, the industry's largest trade group.

A Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. official appearing before the House panel
opposed the proposal.

While all present acknowledged the banking problem was grave, the crisis
atmosphere surrounding the farm bank problem seemed to be dissipating on Capitol
Hill. Attendance at the hearing was sparse.

Two Requirements Waived

Mr. Block's move Wednesday came as White House officials assured Congress that
the administration has moved responsibly to bolster the farm credit system.
Congress passed legislation to help farmers and their creditors, but it was
vetoed by President Reagan. The White House maintains that administrative
procedures can satisfy emergency loan demand.

In Mr. Block's gesture, two major requirements for banks to participate in the
Department of Agriculture's approved lender program were waived.

The first requirement called for lenders to have at least 50% of their loan
portfolio in agriculture loans. The second was that farm loan losses not exceed
1.5% of the total portfolio for each of the three previous years.

Waiving those requirements means many more farm banks can process loans in-house
and enjoy a federal guarantee in case borrowers default, Mr. Block said. Before
the change in regulations, these banks had to send applications to federal
authorities and wait 90 to 120 days before the federal guarantee was extended.

Industry associations generally lauded the change. An American Bankers
Association spokesman commended the Department of Agriculture's actions to
liberalize requirements.

''If this can expand the approved lender program, we're certainly in favor,''
added Weldon Barton, agriculture representative with the IBAA.

Industry experts could not determine exactly how many additional banks would
qualify for the new program, nor how much more loan money would be generated by
the move.

Administrative Help

Another administration move designed to ease the farm credit crisis was a
directive to federal bank examiners to handle farm credit problems with
''understanding,'' according to Jonathan Fiechter, director of economic analysis
at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. He addressed the House panel
Wednesday.

Kathleen Lawrence, deputy undersecretary for small communities at the Department
of Agriculture, added that there would be ''no end'' to federal guarantees on
farm loans. She appeared before the panel with Mr. Fiechter.

If the present guarantee fund of $650 million is drained - and Ms.  Lawrence
indicated it would be - then the Reagan administration would ''come to
Congress'' and ask for additional appropriations.

Members of the House subcommittee, however, criticized the administration's
handling of the crisis.

''All these farm banks are failing and you [Reagan officials] say the plan is
fabulous,'' said Rep. Fernand J. St Germain, D-R.I., who chaired the panel.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 704 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Federal flood relief pending; loan process stalled

BYLINE: Denise A. Raymo, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


July 14--MALONE -- Businesses, homeowners and farmers with spring-flooding
damages may still be eligible for low-interest federal loans even if an earlier
denial of assistance sticks.

A variety of federal-relief programs could kick in if requests pending from Gov.
Andrew Cuomo are granted.

But flood victims may have to wait two more months to have their applications
reviewed.

DECISION APPEALED

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has OK'd assistance to upstate counties,
municipalities, fire departments and some nonprofit agencies, making them
eligible for federal public-assistance and hazard-mitigation funds to recover
from spring flooding.

But a state request for individual-recovery assistance through FEMA to help
tri-county businesses and property owners was denied because, a FEMA reply to
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said, the damage sustained wasn't severe enough.

Cuomo has appealed the decision, and U.S. Rep. Bill Owens has sent a letter of
support for the measure.

"It is vital that we explore every avenue of available federal assistance
available to upstate New York so that residents can rebuild their communities,"
he wrote.

Cuomo has also made an appeal to the U.S. Department of Agriculture for
low-interest loans to help farmers who suffered production and physical losses
due to flooding.

LOAN PROCESS HALTED

Farmers, farm cooperatives, small-business owners and private nonprofit agencies
might also be eligible for a second USDA program called the Economic Injury
Disaster Loans program.

But for now, little movement can be made because the pending appeal includes a
halt to applications for help through the Small Business Administration.

"One of the bad parts is that when (FEMA) denied (individual relief), it stopped
the SBA-loan process," said Ricky Provost, director of Franklin County Emergency
Services.

He said property-damage-assessment experts are due back this week to revisit
sites they looked at immediately following the storms and will also check out
other places they could not get to because floodwaters were still too high.

GRANTS LIMITED

That reassessment might bolster the region's case, because FEMA bases its
decision on the number of homes or sites destroyed.

But "we could go another 40 to 60 days" before a decision is made, Provost said,
which means property owners would have to tough it out even longer.

That wait and the weight of worry could be too much for some, such as hotel and
motel owners who may miss the entire tourist season because they have no money
to repair their rooms and amenities for safe occupancy, he said.

If the appeal is successful, individual assistance can include help finding and
funding housing, disaster-unemployment assistance, crisis counseling and other
assistance.

Even if the designation is awarded and individual property owners are eligible
to receive federal assistance, the maximum FEMA grant would be $35,000.

Email Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110714-ZI-Federal-flood-relief-pending-loan
-process-stalled-0714-20110714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Emergency conservation funds available in County

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


USDA's Farm Service Agency in Aroostook County announced recently that sign-up
has begun and will continue until Oct. 15 for $76,500 in Emergency Conservation
Program funds for producers in Aroostook County.

ECP gives producers additional resources to remove debris from farmland, restore
fences and conservation structures, provide water for livestock in drought
situations and grade and shape farmland damaged by a natural disaster. USDA Farm
Service Agency state and county committees administer ECP. Locally elected
county committees are authorized to implement ECP for all disasters except
drought, which is authorized at the national office of FSA. Eligible producers
will receive cost-share assistance of up to 75 percent of the cost of the
approved practice, as determined by FSA county committees.

For a producer's land to be eligible, the disaster must create new conservation
problems that, if untreated, would impair or endanger the land and affect its
productive capacity. Conservation problems existing before the applicable
disaster are ineligible for ECP assistance.

USDA offers additional programs to help farmers and ranchers recover from damage
caused by natural disasters. These programs include the Emergency Loan Program,
Federal Crop Insurance, and the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program.

More information on ECP and other disaster assistance programs is available at
local FSA service centers and online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Record rain makes farmers eligible for emergency loans

BYLINE: Brian Anderson, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Sept. 20--Alabama's wet summer and record rainfall was enough for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to designate 50 counties across the state, including
Calhoun County, as natural disaster areas.

The department announced Thursday that farmers in those counties who experienced
losses due to rain and flooding this year can apply for emergency low-interest
loans.

"This is what Gov. Robert Bentley and Agriculture Commissioner John McMillan
asked for," said Hassey Brooks, the program director for the Alabama Department
of Agriculture. "We're very happy to have received these designations."

Farmers in eligible areas, which also include nearby Etowah, Cleburne and
Talladega counties, can apply for emergency loans through the Farm Service
Agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Brooks said each loan will be
assessed case-by-case and take into consideration production loss experienced
during 2013.

Brooks said cotton, soybeans, hay and peanuts were among the biggest losses for
Alabama farmers this year.

The worst of the rain this year for the state happened June through August when
Calhoun County received almost 25 inches of rainfall, according to the National
Weather Service in Calera. That's more than double the amount seen during the
same time period in 2012.

Steve Chapman, who organizes the Downtown Farmers Market at Zinn Park, said
business wasn't great this summer for most local farmers, with tomato, eggplant
and okra production way down.

"I don't think hardly anyone in this area had any okra," said Chapman, who
estimated production for most farmers in the area was down as much as 50
percent. "My eggplants did nothing. My tomatoes did nothing. It wasn't a great
season."

Chapman said it wasn't just crops that got short-changed this year. One of the
biggest production falloffs in 2013 was honey.

"Bees don't fly when it's raining," Chapman said.

Despite the poor summer season, Chapman said he doesn't expect many farmers to
be lining up for federal loans. As the summer season winds down, farmers will
wind down crop production too, Chapman said.

"In my experience, it just hasn't been worth it," he said.

Brooks said he expects the number of loan applicants to vary by county, but
suspects a lot of farmers will share Chapman's view.

The rain hasn't been completely bad news for all farmers in Alabama. Brooks said
corn yield has been extremely high throughout the state thanks to all the wet
weather.

"Right now in Anniston it's corn season," Brooks said. "So folks will probably
have a lot of corn. We've seen very high production of corn so far."

Rain has tapered off a bit in September, with less than 2 inches recorded in
Calhoun County, according to the National Weather Service. But that could change
this weekend with a forecast calling for a 100 percent of rain.

Staff writer Brian Anderson: 256-235-3546. On Twitter @BAnderson_Star.

___ (c)2013 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130920-AO-Record-rain-makes-farmers-eligible-for-emergency-loans
-0920-20130920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2013 The Anniston Star


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 7, 2012 Saturday

Low-interest loans available to help repair storm damage

BYLINE: By Marie Wilson mwilson@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 355 words


Residents whose homes, businesses or farms were damaged in Sunday's strong storm
may be in line for some help.

A program administered by the state treasurer's office is offering to owners of
properties damaged in the storm. The loans come at a maximum interest rate of 3
percent and can be repaid over up to five years.

"People whose homes, businesses, vehicles and other property have been damaged
may need assistance after an extended power outage or damage from high winds,"
Illinois Treasurer Dan Rutherford said in a news release. "I want every victim
of this storm to know what help is available."

The loans can assist with damage caused directly by wind or rain, or indirectly
by a storm-related power outage. Some towns, such as Lombard and Wheaton,
declared disaster zones or states of emergency, but even without such an
official designation, property owners may be eligible for loan assistance.

"(Applicants) need to have had weather-related damage on their home or property.
There doesn't need to be a disaster declaration," said Matt Butterfield,
treasurer's office spokesman.

Disaster recovery loans can help pay for repairs not covered by insurance or
help handle immediate costs until insurance payments come in. The treasurer's
office deposits funds into eligible banks to bring down the interest rates and
keep the loans affordable, Butterfield said.

Nine banks in DuPage County are approved state depositories. Four of them have
shown interest in offering disaster recovery loans, but the treasurer's office
is awaiting confirmation of which banks will be participating in the program.

The county has not created an assistance program specifically for damage from
Sunday's storms, said David Gervino, emergency management coordinator for
DuPage's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management. A total damage
estimate is not yet available, he said Friday.

"The county is promoting existing programs through the state treasurer's
office," Gervino said.

Property owners can apply for the treasurer's disaster recovery loans by using
the at treasurer.il.gov or calling the disaster recovery hotline at (866)
523-0641.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               December 30, 1998 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

STATE OF EMERGENCY CITRUS DAMAGE CONTROL WARM WEATHER HAS HELPED TO TRIM DAMAGE

BYLINE: STEVE KAUFMAN, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 543 words


Gov. Pete Wilson declared a state of emergency in four Central Valley counties
Tuesday, allowing thousands of citrus farmers and their displaced workers to
begin to receive unemployment benefits immediately.

In addition, Wilson said he would ask President Clinton for federal assistance,
the first step in a process aimed at securing low-interest loans and other help
for the citrus growers in Fresno, Kern, Madera and Tulare counties.

Five days after the worst California citrus industry freeze since 1990, the
devastating economic impact is clearer. Wholesale prices have doubled to $20 to
$24 for a 37.5-pound carton of navel oranges, and retail prices are expected to
follow suit around mid-January, after a temporary increase in supply subsides.

Navel oranges, now generally 65 cents to 90 cents a pound, will wind up rising
to $1.50 or more, according to the California Grocers Association.

The only thing preventing prices from rising even further is that oranges are
perishable. "If supermarkets raise prices too high, people won't buy, and
supermarkets will have losses instead of profits," said Dave Kranz, a spokesman
for the California Farm Bureau Federation.

There is a sliver of good news: Industry officials are a bit more optimistic
that more of the citrus crop may survive, largely because temperatures have
gradually risen since the freeze. Shirley Batchman, a spokeswoman for California
Citrus Mutual, an organization representing 800 California citrus farmers, said
this offers the best chance for more oranges to thaw properly. The benefit of
warmer temperatures was already evident in Tulare County, which produces half of
the oranges sold in California: The county reduced its damage assessment Tuesday
from $370 million to $293 million.

Agricultural experts emphasized that the citrus freeze did severe damage to the
crop, however. The California Department of Food and Agriculture stuck to its
preliminary damage estimate of $591 million, and Gary Kunkel, Tulare County's
assistant commissioner of agriculture, said that Tulare's lowered damage
estimate isn't as much of a reduction as it appears.

Well over half of the change simply reflects the fact that the county decided to
base its projected losses on average orange production over the last five years,
rather than compare this year's decimated output against the output in the
banner year of 1997.

"Even with our reduced damage estimate, this was without question a devastating
freeze," Kunkel said. "Most of the crop is still lost."

Kranz said most of the Central Valley's packing houses were closed and would
remain closed another week to 10 days.

"After that, some may open, but far more probably will not," Kranz said."If
there is nothing to pack, there is nothing to pack, and the impact will ripple
through the economy of the Central Valley."

Agricultural experts said citrus growers could probably still sell some of their
damaged crop to orange juice manufacturers, rather than supermarket brokers.
However, the price differential is staggering. Last year, for example,
California fresh navels sold as fresh produce fetched $451 a ton, compared to
$26.10 a ton for damaged navels sold for juice processing.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tulare County agriculture inspector Chris Francone, left, examines oranges for
possible freeze damage in Visalia. Farmers and inspectors attended seminars
designed to help them deal with the severe damage to the citrus crop by last
week's freeze. Tulare is one of four counties affected by the newly declared
state of emergency.
[981230 BU 1C]
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Gov. Pete Wilson declared a state of emergency in four Central Valley counties
Tuesday.
[981230 BU 2C]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 28, 1993, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

HERE ARE SOME SOURCES OF HELP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 291 words


If your business is flooded, here are some sources of help: The Small Business
Administration offers disaster loans at 4 percent interest for terms of up to 30
years. Payments can be delayed for five months. Similar disaster loans are
available to individuals. Call the Federal Emergency Management Agency at
800-462-9029.  The SBA is also staffing offices where workers will answer
questions and help with applications. They're open Monday through Saturday at
Southern Commercial Bank, 4914 Gravois Avenue in St. Louis; St. Charles West
High School, 3601 Droste Road in St. Charles; and People's Bank, 310 South
Johnson in Cahokia.  Some Illinois banks, in conjunction with the state
treasurer's office, are offering short-term loans to tide businesses and farmers
over until federal help arrives. Also, payback periods may be extended on some
existing farm loans. In Illinois, call 800-882-6303.  If a flood victim asks,
the Missouri Department of Revenue will extend until Oct. 15 the time to file or
pay individual or corporate taxes, including estimated income taxes. The tax
collectors also say they will waive late penalties on withholding taxes and
excise taxes if they are paid by Sept.  15.  The department will offer relaxed
payment agreements on overdue taxes in flood areas.  The IRS says it will abate
penalties for flooded businesses in Missouri that can't file employment tax
returns by Tuesday. Write "flood disaster" and the name of your county in red,
bold print on the top of the return. Call 800-829-1040. The penalty for late
deposits of withheld income, Social Security and excise taxes will also be
waived for companies that can't make the deadlines because of the flood.
However, interest will be charged.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Payouts debacle - action urged

BYLINE: Gemma Mackenzie

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 163 words


Politicians from across the north and north-east yesterday called for action to
prevent further problems with farm subsidy payments.

This follows ongoing problems with a new £178million IT system for farm payments
which has resulted in delays, the creation of emergency loan schemes and payment
blunders.

Lib Dem MSP for the north-east, Mike Rumbles, said around £200million of farm
subsidies was "sitting in the SNP's petty cash box" as one third of farm
businesses had not signed up for the government's farm subsidy loan scheme. He
accused First Minister Nicola Sturgeon of ignoring his concerns.

The Conservative shadow rural economy secretary, Peter Chapman, called on Ms
Sturgeon to give farmers a guarantee that next year's payments would be
delivered on time with information about all payments made.

Scottish Labour's rural economy spokeswoman, MSP Rhoda Grant, said 2016 would go
down in farming history for the "constant failures" of the government's farm
payments IT system.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    September 26, 2001 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 1337 words


In defense of federal payments to farm families

Re: 'Colorado agriculture interests get millions,' Sept. 10 news  story.

I'm disappointed you ran a negative story that attacked  recipients of federal
farm program payments. It disregarded the  emergency relief those payments
delivered to farm families during  a prolonged period of economic hardship and
disastrous weather.

Emergency payments are critical to the survival of family farms.  Federal farm
programs are based on production. Farmers who produce  more receive larger
payments, but they also take larger risks and  have higher investments. When
crop prices are depressed, no farm  is immune, especially those with greater
risk.

Landowners, who do not live on a farm, take risks. Payments  made to absentee
landowners are justified, providing land for  young farmers who are just
starting.

Farmers want to get their income from the marketplace, not  the government.
Market conditions for most farm products have not  been favorable since 1998.
Farm program payments have allowed most  farmers to survive low prices and high
production costs.

Despite the 'big payments,' the majority of payments went to  family farms. This
helps pay for machinery, seed, fertilizer,  household bills, interest on farm
loans and ordinary living  expenses.

Most importantly to consumers, farm payments are a public  investment in the
nation's food, environmental and economic  security. Farm program payments help
provide a measure of  stability to the volatile business of food production,
thus  supplying Americans with the safest and most affordable food in  the
world.

ALAN FOUTZ

President, Colorado Farm Bureau

Akron

Isolationism wrong

While there is some truth to Chuck Green's article ('Nation  defined by its
virtues,' Sept. 16), it is at best a partial truth.  The whole truth, as is
almost always the case, is rarely so  simple, and his half-truths may do more
harm than good.

To simplify the issue so much that America welcomes all to  its shores, cares
for all its needy and stands for truth, justice  and freedom, may be true
ideologically but not always true in  practice. We are probably just as often
materialistic, prejudiced  and selfish. In the same light, Afghanistan,
Pakistan, and Iran  cannot be reduced to all evil (or all good). Oppressive
governments and religious fanatics live side by side with humble,  hard-working,
kind people.

Even in each individual, the line is not so clear; we find  good and evil, love
and hate, kindness and cruelty mixed in  ourselves. With God's help, we become
more of the good, more like  our Creator.

Also disturbing is Green's conclusion that we ask no one for  help, instead
turning in on ourselves. That kind of proud  isolationism only serves to
separate us further from the rest of  the world at a time when we should accept
help and support.    Let's celebrate the great strengths of our country and work
to  overcome our weaknesses. While Green's intentions were no doubt  sincere
(and he had some wonderful things to say about America), I  hope readers see the
danger of his black-and-white thinking.

R. FREEMAN

Golden

We're better than that

Today, in America, there are no Jews or Gentiles, no Christians  or Muslims or
Hindus or Buddhists. There is no brown, black,  yellow, red or white. Today, in
America, there are only Americans.

We must not direct our anger at those of us who share the  same language,
religion or ancestry as the terrorists responsible  for the Sept. 11 attack.
For, in doing so, we succumb to the same  prejudice and stereotyping that
allowed the terrorists to see  Americans as a monolithic evil whose lives were
unworthy of  respect. Such behavior is an insult to the memory of those who
died in New York and Washington. Americans are better than that.  America is
better than that.

TERESA BRUCE

Denver

Close our borders

While I feel the Bush administration is doing a good job with  the current
crisis, I cannot believe it is still pushing for  amnesty for illegal aliens. If
we ever need a solid and reserved  immigration policy, it is now. U.S. borders
need to be closed; we  now have U.S. citizens in need of jobs with the recent
attack.  What are we doing to our own people?

JANICE HERRON

Evergreen

What of the future?

Re: 'Longer half-life leads to smaller biological risk,'  The Open Forum, Sept.
9.

Seven years working with radioactive material and ample  experience with those
in the science fields qualify me to address  issues raised by Robert Amme.

People from the science and engineering disciplines are  inclined to get lost in
their data. Facts and figures are fine,  but only if they are relevant. Unless
Professor Amme is trying to  make the point that plutonium is not dangerous, his
letter, while  educational, is non-sequitur.

If plutonium had a half life of 2 1/2 years, it would  absolutely be more
biologically damaging gram-for-gram. Curie for  curie, however, there would be
no difference. What would be  different is the length of time we would have to
worry about  storing it safely.

We can be reasonably certain about the next 15 years. The  next 150,000 years,
well . This is the point Professor Amme misses  entirely.

EDWARD JOLLY

Englewood

Danger downplayed

I doubt that Robert Amme's letter about radioactivity at Rocky  Flats
'de-obfuscates' anything or will allay anyone's legitimate  concerns about
residual plutonium contamination there.

Yes, of course (as he implies), if one could somehow change the  decay rate of
plutonium one would also change its half-life. If  one of them gets bigger, the
other gets smaller. But so what? You  can't change either of them, and both are
plenty troubling just as  they stand.Yes, as Amme says, you can safely hold a
lump of  uranium or plutonium in your hand. You are safe because the
alpha-particles they emit will not penetrate your skin. But ingest  a little of
it and it's a different story. The plutonium, because  of its chemical nature,
will wind up in your bone marrow and there  the alphas can wreak havoc. Hundreds
of tests on experimental mice  have shown that a few millionths of a gram of
plutonium, injected  under the skin, leads to cancer in 100 percent of the
cases.  Plutonium oxide dust in the air can be equally troubling.

And, yes, as Amme claims, we have indeed evolved and survived in  a world in
which some natural radioactivity is a given. But the  landscape has changed in
the last few decades: We now produce  radioactive material in quantity; it is
becoming ever more  ubiquitous, and we haven't yet had time to assess the
consequences. Doing nothing at Rocky Flats probably isn't an  option, but
whatever is done should be done with caution and with  adequate monitoring to
ensure there are no unintended consequences.

RICHARD C. BRADLEY

Colorado Springs

The writer is a retired Colorado College physics professor and  was involved in
the Manhattan Project.

Facts on I-70

Re: 'Problem of I-70 just won't go away,' Sept. 9 Ed Quillen  column.

Quillen's column was based on a number of factual errors. He  stated that the
I-70 corridor is a sacrifice zone that is already  trashed. The fact is that
much of the corridor is a National  Historic Landmark District. Secondly, Vail
and skiing are not the  culprits. Only 7 percent of I-70 traffic is ski-related.
Third,  Quillen was around when the I-70 Major Investment Study was  completed.
The result of that two-year public debate was to  install a high-speed,
high-capacity system and make modest safety,  capacity and operational
improvements to the highway. Quillen's  piece was mostly noise. He should check
out  www.highspeedmonorail.com. Let the debate continue, but on a more  factual
basis.

TRUDY RAPP

Dumont

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 16, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

2 More Major Farm Bills Approved by Senate Unit

BYLINE: Richard L. Lyons, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A10

LENGTH: 626 words


The Senate Agriculture Committee yesterday approved two more major pieces of
farm legislation, to help squeezed farmers repay loans and assure them higher
prices for their crops.

With a crowd of visor-capped farmers filling the room and chanting in the
corridor outside, the committee first voted out unanimously an emergency loan
bill similar to one approved by the House Agriculture Committee on Tuesday.

Then it approved 14 to 1 a new idea, a flexible program that would permit a
farmer to set his own price support level.  The more land he took out of
production, the more the government would guarantee him for what he did produce.

The loan program, which the Carter administration supports, would help farmers
caught in a cost-price squeeze meet mortgage or operating loan repayments.  It
would permit established farmers to obtain low-interest loans up to $500,000.  A
total of $4 billion could be loaned over two years.

The bill also would increase from $300 million to $1 billion the total amount of
grants available to small communities to build water and sewer systems.  It
would authorize the secretary of agriculture to increase the federal share of
the cost from 50 to 75 percent.

The Senate committee bill to increase farm prices presumably will be offered as
an alternative to a land diversion bill the same committee approved Monday.

Otherwise, farmers could get a double dip of federal money.  The earlier bill
would pay farmers an average of $75 an acre to take land out of production of
grain and cotton.  The purpose is to force up prices by cutting supply.

The bill approved 14 to 1 yesterday over evident but unspoken administration
opposition would not pay a farmer to take land out of production, but to the
extent that he did, the government would guarantee him a higher price for what
he did produce.

The "flexible parity" proposal by Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.) would cost $2.8 billion
more a year that present law, while the set-aside bill approved earlier would
result in a net saving of about $200 million, Agriculture Department economist
Howard Hjort told the committee.

Under present law the government guarantees the farmer $3 a bushel for wheat and
$2.10 for corn.  If prices fall below these targets, the government pays the
farmer the difference.  If he reduced production by 50 percent, the target price
the government would meet would rise to $5.04 for wheat and $3.45 for corn,
under the new bill.  Loan rates - at which a farmer can "lend" his crop to the
government when prices are low - would also rise.

Hjort said Dole's proposal could lead to shortages in domestic supplies and
exports.  Sen. George McGovern (D-S.D.) tried to change the emphasis from
rewarding scarcity to simply raising price supports to help feed a hungry world,
but lost 10 to 6.  The only vote against Dole's bill was cast by Sen. Dick Clark
(D-Iowa) who feared that increases in the price of grain would cause disastrous
increases in the cost of raising livestock.

Like every agriculture committee meeting this year, the session was well
monitored by farmers who have been here since January trying to get more income.
As the committee debated Dole, 100 farmers in the corridor chanted "we want
Dole" until Chairman Talmadge (D-Ga.) sent a policeman to ask them to be quiet
so committee members could hear themselves.

When the committee approved the bill, farmers inside the room broke into
applause.

Talmadge said he will try to have the Senate take up the acreage set-aside bill
on Monday between debate on the Panama Canal treaties.  The emergency loan bill
may also come up then.

Dole told reporters after the meeting he may offer his flexible parity bill on
the Senate floor as an amendment to the set-aside bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 9, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Where the federal relief aid would go

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 594 words


Highlights of President Bush's budget request for damage caused by Hurricane
Andrew.
Agriculture Department                                    (in

millions)
Repair farm water systems and sewers                         $ 84.5
Payments to farmers for crop losses                         $ 300.0
Cleanup of trailer homes in Fla. and La.                      $ 3.0
Grants for uninsured migrant labor housing                   $ 10.0

Commerce Department
For minority businesses                                      $ 2.0
Repair maritime and air operations, weather facilities       $ 9.9
Beach erosion repair, general construction                  $ 10.2

Defense Department
Rebuild Homestead Air Force Base                            $ 480.6
Debris removal, facilities repair, related costs             $ 98.2
Personal property loss claims to 3,500 personnel             $ 67.7
Lodging for military and dependents; relocation costs       $ 115.7

Education Department
School repair; costs of extended school day, etc.            $ 22.5
Emergency educational assistance                             $ 40.0

Federal Emergency Management Agency
Florida
Emergency housing assistance                                $ 208.0
Mortgage assistance                                          $ 30.0
Grants to individuals and families                          $ 203.0
Disaster unemployment insurance                              $ 52.0
   State and local crisis counseling                             $ 2.0
Debris removal disposal and public sanitation               $ 350.0
Department of Defense assistance costs                      $ 300.0
Federal, state and local emergency services                 $ 125.0
Restoration of public facilities and equipment              $ 211.0
Community Disaster Loans                                     $ 15.0
Total estimated for FEMA in Fla.                          $ 1,496.0

Louisiana
Assistance to individuals and families                       $ 50.0
Public assistance                                           $ 100.0
Total estimated for FEMA in La.                             $ 150.0

Health and Human Services Department
Children and families                                        $ 34.0

Housing and Urban Development
Currently budgeted loan and mortgage guarantees              $ 20.4
Will leverage loans and mortgages totaling                $ 1,628.0

Park Service
 Construction/rehabilitation of national parks               $ 18.8

Justice Department
 Contract confinement of prisoners                           $ 27.3

Small Business Administration
 Current amount of Small Business loans budgeted            $ 220.4
Will leverage loans totaling                              $ 1,200.0

Source: Congressional Budget Office

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AFTER HURRICANE ANDREW

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 7, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK DEFENDS PROPOSAL TO CUT AID TO FARMERS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 6


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, defending President Reagan's plan to
eliminate most farm price supports and subsidies, said today that two-thirds of
this country's farmers were making money without help from the Government and
the remaining one-third would have to learn to do the same.

''Those two-thirds are in just as good a shape as those who are depending on the
Government,'' he declared. ''I'm painfully aware of the difficulties many
farmers are having today. But I'm equally certain American agriculture has a
great future if it's willing to compete for exports at world market prices. We
can't do that if we continue with a farm policy built on false prices, false
hopes and high dependence on the Government.''

Mr. Block made the remarks in answering questions at a news conference called to
make known details of the Reagan Administration's newly expanded plan to provide
emergency credit assistance to farmers.

The original plan, announced last September, offered Federal guarantees on
endangered commercial loans to farmers if bankers reduced the principal amount
owed by at least 10 percent. In response to pleas from Farm- Belt Republicans in
Congress, the Administration reluctantly agreed Friday to give banks the option
of qualifying for these guarantees if they reduced interest rates on such loans
enough to lower by at least 10 percent the amount the farmer has to pay on his
debt . Details of this ''interest write- down option,'' which went into effect
today, were discussed by Mr. Block.

Unrelated to Budget Proposal

Congress provided $650 million for the loan guarantee program last fall. About
$625 million of this is still available because bankers have resisted reducing
outstanding balances owed, fearing a diminution of their assets. Some farm
spokesmen have said the Farmers Home Administration has not processed
applications quickly, and Secretary Block said today that the number of people
working on the program was being increased.

The Government's efforts to ease the financing crisis some farmers are
experiencing is unrelated to the extensive changes in farm income stabilization
policy proposed in President Reagan's 1986 budget. An Administration farm bill
that would reduce subsidies and price support loans over the next five years and
also shift Government farm loans to private banks will be introduced the week of
Feb. 18, Mr. Block said today.

He was then asked why the Administration was preparing legislation that would
cut farm aid at a time when country bankers and Congressmen from farm states
were demanding more help and contending that at least 10 percent of their
customers and constituents were facing bankruptcy this spring.

''Any farm program we write for 1986 won't make a whit of difference in how many
farmers fail or succeed this year,'' Mr. Block replied.

No Comment on Stockman

''But the interest write-down option,'' he added, ''may help some farmers whose
credit is exhausted keep going til harvest.''

Mr. Block declined to comment on a remark Tuesday by Budget Director David A.
Stockman, who told the Senate Budget Committee he could not understand why the
taxpayers should be asked to refinance bad farm loans that both the bankers and
the farmers had ''willingly incurred as consenting adults.''

But the Agriculture Secretary seemed to agree in part with Mr. Stockman when he
rejected a suggestion from the Independent Bankers Association that the
Government drop the 10 percent reduction requirement on loan guarantees to make
the credit rescue plan more attractive to bankers. The small bankers also
offered to reduce interest on new one- year farm operating loans by four
percentage points if the Government would pay them the equivalent of two
percentage points of interest on those loans.

''We won't support any part of that,'' Mr. Block declared. ''The bankers have a
responsibility to help on those old loans themselves and to help farmers get
started again. The commercial banks, not the Government, made the loans in the
first place.''

Republican senators who were pressing the Administration on the option of
lowered interest rates said it was only a first step in providing additional
credit aid and that they would fight for more.

As for Mr. Stockman's remarks, Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa,
said, ''They stunk.''

''It showed insensitivity to people who are real live Americans,'' he declared.
''I think a public official ought to be more caring about people. After all,
many of the farmers' problems have been caused by political decisions in
Washington in the last six years.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Washington: Hurricane Matthew: Assistance for North Carolina Families and
Businesses

LENGTH: 871  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Richard Burr has issued the following news release:



 The following counties have been designated for Individual Assistance by the
President: Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Columbus, Cumberland, Dare, Duplin,
Edgecombe, Gates, Greene, Harnett, Hoke, Hyde, Johnston, Jones, Lenoir, Martin,
Nash, Pender, Pitt, Robeson, Sampson, Tyrrell, Washington, Wayne, and Wilson.
People living in these counties can register with FEMA to access all federal
assistance programs:





     Apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Constituents may call the registration phone number at 1-800-621-3362;
those who have a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY, should call
1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or Video Relay Service (VRS),
call 1-800-621-3362.



 Certain businesses and individuals living in counties with Individual
Assistance designations may qualify for tax filing deadline postponements. For
more information click here or contact the IRS disaster hotline at 866-562-5227.




 Dial 211 for North Carolina's toll-free emergency hotline



 If you need Red Cross assistance, please call 1-800-768-8048.



 For information on how to help those effected by Matthew, click here.



 Additional Information can be found at: www.DisasterAssistance.gov and
https://readync.org/



 Please be aware of SCAMS



     Federal and state workers never ask for, or accept money, and always carry
identification badges.

     There is NO FEE required to apply for or to get disaster assistance from
FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration or the state.

     Scam attempts can be made over the phone, by mail or email, text or in
person.

     Anyone who suspects fraud should call FEMA's Disaster Fraud Hotline at
866-720-5721, or the state's Attorney General fraud hotline.



 Help with SBA Loans



     The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) offers low-interest disaster
loans to help homeowners and renters as well as businesses of all sizes and
private non-profit organizations to cover the cost of replacing lost or
disaster-damaged personal property. These disaster loans cover losses not fully
compensated by insurance or other recoveries and do not duplicate benefits of
other agencies or organizations.



     Contact U.S. Small Business Administration's Disaster Assistance Customer
Service Center by:

         Calling 800-659-2955

         Emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

         Visiting SBA 's website at www.sba.gov/disaster

         Deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals may call 800-877-8339



 North Carolina Assistance Programs



 COMMUNITY RESOURCES TO HELP WITH RECOVERY



     United Way North Carolina 2-1-1:  www.nc211.org/

     Salvation Army: (800) 725-2769

     Catholic Charities of Raleigh: (919) 790-8533

      Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) disaster resources:
(202) 708-1112,TTY: (202) 708-1455 http://portal.hud.gov



 EMPLOYMENT HELP



     Career One Stop:  (877) 872-5627 or TTY (877) 889-5627,
www.careeronestop.org



 FOOD NEEDS



     North Carolina Food Services: (919) 855-4800 or  www.ncdhhs.gov

     Feeding America: www.feedingamerica.org

     Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina: www.foodbankenc.org

     Albemarle Food Bank: www.afoodbank.org

     USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline for food safety: (888) 674-6854



 HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES FOR THOSE IN NEED



     North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services:  (919) 855-4800 or
www.ncdhhs.gov



 HELP FOR LOW-INCOME FAMILIES



     Helping paying bills for low-income families www.needhelppayingbills.com



 HOT LINES FOR EMERGENCY HELP



     If you or someone you know is in immediate danger because of thoughts of
suicide

     Suicide Hotline: (800) 784-2433 or (800) 273-8255 or  www.suicide.org

     The National Domestic Violence hotline: (800)799-7233

     Alcoholics Anonymous: www.aa.org



 FARM SERVICES AVAILABLE



     Farm Service Agency:  (919) 875-4800  www.fsa.usda.gov/state

     The N.C. Cooperative Extension Service: (919) 515-2813, has office in all
100 counties www.ces.ncsu.edu

     FSIS Small Plant Help Desk by phone at (877) 374-7435

     Farmers who have an agricultural emergency can call 1-866-645-9403, and
find additional information at www.ncagr.gov/disaster



 HOUSING NEEDS



     Housing Assistance www.nchousing.org

     Rural Development

         Multi-Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2050

         Single Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2051



 TRANSPORTATION



     Call 5-1-1 or use the ReadyNC  mobile app for the latest updates on road
closures

     North Carolina Department of Transportation:   www.ncdot.gov

     Department of Motor Vehicles:  (919) 715-7000



 UNEMPLOYMENT ASSISANCE FOR SURVIVORS



     Department of Labor: (866) 487 2365, TTY (877) 889-5627

     North Carolina Division of Employment Security:  (866) 487 2365, TTY (877)
889-5627, www.ncesc.com



 TEAR OUT, CLEANOUT, DEBRIS REMOVAL, MOLD REMEDIATION



     Baptist Men of North Carolina:  (800) 395-5102 ext. 5605
www.baptistsonmission.org

     North Carolina Conference United Methodist Church www.nccumc.org,  (888)
440-9167



 VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES



     www.ncvoad.org



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Washington: Hurricane Matthew: Assistance for North Carolina Families and
Businesses

LENGTH: 871  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Richard Burr has issued the following news release:



 The following counties have been designated for Individual Assistance by the
President: Beaufort, Bertie, Bladen, Columbus, Cumberland, Dare, Duplin,
Edgecombe, Gates, Greene, Harnett, Hoke, Hyde, Johnston, Jones, Lenoir, Martin,
Nash, Pender, Pitt, Robeson, Sampson, Tyrrell, Washington, Wayne, and Wilson.
People living in these counties can register with FEMA to access all federal
assistance programs:





     Apply online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

     Constituents may call the registration phone number at 1-800-621-3362;
those who have a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY, should call
1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or Video Relay Service (VRS),
call 1-800-621-3362.



 Certain businesses and individuals living in counties with Individual
Assistance designations may qualify for tax filing deadline postponements. For
more information click here or contact the IRS disaster hotline at 866-562-5227.




 Dial 211 for North Carolina's toll-free emergency hotline



 If you need Red Cross assistance, please call 1-800-768-8048.



 For information on how to help those effected by Matthew, click here.



 Additional Information can be found at: www.DisasterAssistance.gov and
https://readync.org/



 Please be aware of SCAMS



     Federal and state workers never ask for, or accept money, and always carry
identification badges.

     There is NO FEE required to apply for or to get disaster assistance from
FEMA, the U.S. Small Business Administration or the state.

     Scam attempts can be made over the phone, by mail or email, text or in
person.

     Anyone who suspects fraud should call FEMA's Disaster Fraud Hotline at
866-720-5721, or the state's Attorney General fraud hotline.



 Help with SBA Loans



     The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) offers low-interest disaster
loans to help homeowners and renters as well as businesses of all sizes and
private non-profit organizations to cover the cost of replacing lost or
disaster-damaged personal property. These disaster loans cover losses not fully
compensated by insurance or other recoveries and do not duplicate benefits of
other agencies or organizations.



     Contact U.S. Small Business Administration's Disaster Assistance Customer
Service Center by:

         Calling 800-659-2955

         Emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

         Visiting SBA 's website at www.sba.gov/disaster

         Deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals may call 800-877-8339



 North Carolina Assistance Programs



 COMMUNITY RESOURCES TO HELP WITH RECOVERY



     United Way North Carolina 2-1-1:  www.nc211.org/

     Salvation Army: (800) 725-2769

     Catholic Charities of Raleigh: (919) 790-8533

      Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) disaster resources:
(202) 708-1112,TTY: (202) 708-1455 http://portal.hud.gov



 EMPLOYMENT HELP



     Career One Stop:  (877) 872-5627 or TTY (877) 889-5627,
www.careeronestop.org



 FOOD NEEDS



     North Carolina Food Services: (919) 855-4800 or  www.ncdhhs.gov

     Feeding America: www.feedingamerica.org

     Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina: www.foodbankenc.org

     Albemarle Food Bank: www.afoodbank.org

     USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline for food safety: (888) 674-6854



 HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES FOR THOSE IN NEED



     North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services:  (919) 855-4800 or
www.ncdhhs.gov



 HELP FOR LOW-INCOME FAMILIES



     Helping paying bills for low-income families www.needhelppayingbills.com



 HOT LINES FOR EMERGENCY HELP



     If you or someone you know is in immediate danger because of thoughts of
suicide

     Suicide Hotline: (800) 784-2433 or (800) 273-8255 or  www.suicide.org

     The National Domestic Violence hotline: (800)799-7233

     Alcoholics Anonymous: www.aa.org



 FARM SERVICES AVAILABLE



     Farm Service Agency:  (919) 875-4800  www.fsa.usda.gov/state

     The N.C. Cooperative Extension Service: (919) 515-2813, has office in all
100 counties www.ces.ncsu.edu

     FSIS Small Plant Help Desk by phone at (877) 374-7435

     Farmers who have an agricultural emergency can call 1-866-645-9403, and
find additional information at www.ncagr.gov/disaster



 HOUSING NEEDS



     Housing Assistance www.nchousing.org

     Rural Development

         Multi-Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2050

         Single Family Housing Programs: (919) 873-2051



 TRANSPORTATION



     Call 5-1-1 or use the ReadyNC  mobile app for the latest updates on road
closures

     North Carolina Department of Transportation:   www.ncdot.gov

     Department of Motor Vehicles:  (919) 715-7000



 UNEMPLOYMENT ASSISANCE FOR SURVIVORS



     Department of Labor: (866) 487 2365, TTY (877) 889-5627

     North Carolina Division of Employment Security:  (866) 487 2365, TTY (877)
889-5627, www.ncesc.com



 TEAR OUT, CLEANOUT, DEBRIS REMOVAL, MOLD REMEDIATION



     Baptist Men of North Carolina:  (800) 395-5102 ext. 5605
www.baptistsonmission.org

     North Carolina Conference United Methodist Church www.nccumc.org,  (888)
440-9167



 VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES



     www.ncvoad.org



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Banana industry seeks help from strong peso

BYLINE: Carmelito Q. Francisco

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 693 words


DAVAO CITY - The continued appreciation of the peso is threatening further the
country's banana industry even as it reels from the huge damage from typhoon
Pablo on its plantations in the Davao Region last month.

Stephen A. Antig, executive director of the Pilipino Banana Growers and
Exporters Association (PBGEA), noted that while the industry appreciates the
immediate response of the government to help the industry recover from the
typhoon the soonest time possible, it is still submitting a set of proposals to
cushion the impact of a strong peso.

The government, he said, could implement a moratorium or extension in the
payment of government-related fees, specifically on:

     ·    * wharfage dues, plant quarantine fees and even an income tax holiday
          for 2013;


     ·    * duty-free importation of farm inputs, machineries and equipment;


     ·    * payments of business and real property taxes;


     ·    * interests on bank loans especially for member companies who have
          existing loans with the Land Bank and subsequently a moratorium on the
          payment of loan amortizations for the next nine months; and,


     ·    * interests and penalties on agricultural and commercial loans," he
          said.


"These are just proposals. Whatever assistance the government can afford to
extend to us in facilitating the mobilization of our resources for the fast and
smooth rehabilitation of our farms would be a welcome development," he said in a
statement sent to media.

PBGEA, which is based here, has earlier reported that the industry suffered
about P8 billion in losses with about 11,000 hectares of banana farms destroyed
when the typhoon hit the region.

The industry, engaged mainly in the export fresh bananas, covers roughly 70,000
hectares of plantations in the Davao Region and in south- central Mindanao
provinces.

Last weekend, a statement from the Department of Agriculture noted the national
government has started the rehabilitation of small banana farms devastated by
typhoon Pablo.

Agriculture department's regional office announced over the weekend a
P33-million rehab fund would set aside P5,750 per hectare for damaged banana
farms specifically for clearing operations and for the distribution an initial
four bags of fertilizers per hectare for affected farms.

The regional office of the Agrarian Reform department, on the other hand, has
also assured the farmers they would be able to obtain production loan through
their respective cooperatives.

Another intervention from Department of Agrarian Reform, which is still being
evaluated, is a proposed five-year moratorium on the payments of their lands
acquired through the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program in the past years.

Many banana farms in the region are now run by agrarian reform cooperatives
after big plantations were distributed to farmers under the Comprehensive
Agrarian Reform Program.

The Agriculture and Agrarian Reform departments are not the only agencies
helping farm workers displaced by Pablo since early last month, regional
Agriculture officials said in a statement.

The Department of Labor and Employment has also worked together with the
International Labor Organization for the implementation of an emergency
employment scheme for farm those affected in both Compostela Valley and Davao
Oriental.

The Land Bank of the Philippines, meanwhile, has also set up a loan window for
banana farms where farmers can borrow P430,000 per hectare at 10-year maturity
and at 6% interest rate annually.

To cushion the impact of the loan on the farmers, the bank will impose a
two-year moratorium on the payment of the said loans.

Mr. Antig pointed out that most small growers are either suppliers or neighbors
of big exporters' plantations.

PBGEA, whose members are the big banana plantations, have also asked the
government to "prioritize the monetization of VAT (value-added tax) claims and
tax credit certificates," schemes that are refundable from the government.

Mr. Antig said the monetization of these schemes will allow the member-companies
to use internally generated funds and not depend on loans for their
rehabilitation program.

Thus credit fund from the government for this purpose could be diverted better
to small banana farmers, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 6, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Sends Farm-Aid Bill To President;
Reagan Has Vowed To Veto Measure

BYLINE: By Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 602 words


The Democratic - controlled House, over strenuous Republican objections,
approved and sent to President Reagan yesterday an emergency farm-credit relief
bill that Reagan has said he will veto as unnecessary and too costly.

The 255-to-168 vote generally followed party lines, with 225 Democrats and 30
mostly farm-state Republicans voting in favor of the legislation, and 18
Democrats and 150 Republicans, including most of the House GOP leadership,
voting against it.

House Democratic leaders predicted that the House would override a presidential
veto, but yesterday's tally fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to
do so.

Nevertheless, Democrats yesterday were relishing the political bind such a veto
would cause for Reagan and the GOP.

"Reagan can veto the farm bill, but he cannot veto the problem," said House
Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.).

House Minority Leader Robert C. Michel (R-Ill.) accused the Democrats of trying
to score political points by rushing the bill through without trying to find a
compromise acceptable to the White House.

"The need is there; the urgency is there; it's just a question of how to do it,"
he said. "We seem to be more interested in harvesting votes than in harvesting
crops."

The legislation was approved last week by the Republican-led Senate, despite
heavy lobbying by the administration and Senate Majority Leader Robert J. Dole
(R-Kan.).

Farm-state senators had tacked the credit provision onto a bill authorizing $175
million in disaster and refugee assistance to drought-ravaged African nations.

Administration officials had indicated that, even without the farm provisions,
Reagan would be inclined to veto the bill because the amount approved for
African drought assistance was seven times more than the administration
requested.

The farm bill would make it easier for debt-ridden farmers to obtain credit in
time for spring planting. It would provide an additional $1.85 billion in
federal farm-loan guarantees this year to help farmers obtain loans to run their
operations and restructure their debts.

The administration maintains that its current $650 million loan-guarantee
program is adequate.

The bill also would provide $100 million to subsidize lower interest rates for
commercial loans. The federal govenment would match the interest-rate reductions
granted by lenders who refinanced farm loans. This measure has been denounced by
administration officials, and some lawmakers suggested it would be little more
than a bank bailout.

The legislation would also allow farmers this spring to get half of the farm
-price support loans they normally would receive after the fall harvest. A
farmer could get an advance of up to $50,000 this way, to be used to finance
spring planting.

Administration officials have said the cost of the combined farm-famine measure
could run as high as $7.4 billion this year, then drop to a net total of $1.3
billion for this year and next as farmers repay loans.

However, Democratic officials said the Congressional Budget Office estimates
that the two-year cost would be about $500 million.

House Majority Leader James C. Wright Jr. (D-Tex.) said that one-third of
American farmers have not been able to obtain financing for the spring planting
season, that 100,000 family farms are on the verge of bankruptcy and that rural
bank failures are at the highest point since the Depression.

According to aides of Rep. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), about 400,000 more
farmers could face similar problems without the financial assistance in the
legislation sent to Reagan yesterday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

USDA designates six Mississippi counties disaster areas

BYLINE: Mississippi Business Journal Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 181  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated 15 counties in Tennessee as
primary natural disaster areas due to losses caused by severe storms, tornadoes,
winds and flooding that began April 23 and continues.

Mississippi farmers and ranchers in Alcorn, Benton, DeSoto, Marshall, Tippah and
Tishomingo counties also qualify for natural disaster assistance because their
counties are contiguous to the primary disaster area.

All counties were designated natural disaster areas July 24, making all
qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low-interest
emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility
requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months from the
date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual
losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into
account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA has
a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

Source: USDA

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 8, 1981 Thursday

REPORT ON CANADA   Farm credit

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 100 words


Interest rates on government loans to farmers should be frozen at their
 current rate of 14 per cent, says Glen Flaten, president of the Canadian
 Federation of Agriculture. Amid signs that Ottawa has decided to sharply
 increase the rates, Mr. Flaten said a freeze of the lending rates of the
 Farm Credit Corp. is needed 'to halt the deteriorating financial position
 of farmers, especially in the livestock industry.'
    He said the federal Government should also inject $1-billion into Farm
 Credit 'for emergency refinancing assistance to the growing number of
 progressive farmers in acute difficulty.'

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Museum Defends Its Security After Theft

BYLINE: By DOREEN CARVAJAL and CHRISTOPHER F. SCHUETZE; Christopher F. Schuetze
reported from Rotterdam.

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 867 words


PARIS -- In the aftermath of the theft of seven valuable artworks, the Kunsthal
in Rotterdam on Friday denied accusations of sloppy security instead of
celebrating its 20th anniversary as a museum designed with open and flexible
architecture.

The gallery's director, Emily Ansenk, dismissed as nonsense reports that a back
emergency door had been left unlocked for the thieves, who made their way into
the museum on Tuesday morning without leaving obvious pry marks.

But the police made it clear that they were investigating whether someone had
remained behind in the museum after closing hours and could have opened the
door.

Late on Friday, the police released three dark, grainy photos from surveillance
cameras, apparently showing the thieves walking out the rear door. Their faces
were not visible, but the hope is that their bags are recognizable. The police
have also canvassed the neighborhood and posted leaflets calling on witnesses
who might have seen something suspicious.

The museum, which has no permanent collection, has come under withering
scrutiny. The Algemeen Dagblad, a local newspaper, reported this week that a
visitor complained that three months ago he and another person were trapped
there at closing time and left through the same emergency exit.

The recriminations are part of a standard ritual in high-profile art thefts in
which museums confront questions about security and then face years of trying to
track down valuable paintings. In the second stage, the cast generally includes
police investigators, insurance adjusters and lawyers who often emerge, offering
information from what one museum official characterized as the murky ''other
side.''

In this case the artworks' owner, the Triton Foundation, has left it to the
Kunsthal to endure the public pressures. The foundation, which was formed in
2011 after the death of Willem Cordia, a millionaire Dutch investor and
collector, has no Web site; museum curators who have benefited from its
temporary loans refuse to share contact details.

The foundation, which is not registered in the Netherlands, is now run by a
family member, Marlies Cordia-Roeloffs, who did not respond to repeated messages
seeking comment. The family also owns a stable, the Jewel Court Stud farm, near
Antwerp, Belgium, with a Web site containing extensive information about the
births of foals and show horses for dressage competitions. A person at the stud
farm also declined to provide any contact information about the Triton
Foundation.

The seven stolen works, which include paintings by Picasso, Matisse and Monet,
were quickly replaced with other works from the foundation so that the museum
opened on Wednesday with no empty spaces. Its windows were fortified outside by
new, enormous stone planters. And Kunsthal officials avoided dwelling on the
theft, refusing to identify where the missing paintings had hung.

''Seven works were stolen, and there are seven new works from the same
foundation,'' said Mariëtte Maaskant, a museum spokeswoman.

One of the stolen works, ''Woman With Eyes Closed,'' a 2002 painting by Lucian
Freud, was exhibited on temporary loan in the spring at the National Portrait
Gallery in London, which had upgraded its security in connection with a Freud
exhibition, said the museum's director, Sandy Nairne.

''We redid all our security systems because of the high values of Lucian Freud's
paintings,'' said Mr. Nairne, the former program director at the Tate Gallery,
in London. ''I was hugely conscious of it and now I feel such sympathy for the
Kunsthal.''

Mr. Nairne is the author of ''Art Theft,'' a book about his own journey to the
recovery of two J. M. W. Turner paintings that belonged to the Tate, which were
stolen in 1994 and missing for more than eight years.

In that case the art was on temporary loan to the Schirn Kunsthalle, a Frankfurt
gallery that also does not have a permanent collection. The thieves stayed
behind after hours and attacked a guard before fleeing with the Turners.

Three low-level thieves were arrested and imprisoned, but in a typical pattern,
Mr. Nairne said, they passed the works to others in a criminal underworld. While
the paintings were missing, a number of lawyers emerged offering information
from anonymous sources, including a Frankfurt lawyer who had represented a
Balkan organized-crime figure based in Germany.

The Tate eventually paid for investigative expenses and more than 5 million
euros, about $6.5 million at current exchange rates, to the lawyer for
information that led to the recovery of the paintings, in 2002.

''It taught me a lot of things I didn't want to know about the criminal world,''
Mr. Nairne said. ''There are criminal activities that flit around the world we
work in, and we need to consider that. There's a link between the huge values of
paintings and the incentives to steal.''

That art theft left scars; this past summer the Tate created a special digital
exhibition of missing and stolen works, ''The Gallery of Lost Art.'' Since the
Kunsthal theft, museum officials have avoided estimating a price for the seven
paintings, in effect denying a benchmark to thieves, who typically demand 10
percent of the value of a stolen painting, experts said.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/20/arts/design/kunsthal-rotterdam-defends-securit
y-after-theft-of-art.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The stolen painting ''Woman With Eyes Closed,'' by Lucian Freud.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY POLICE ROTTERDAM, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)(C5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers Urge Loan Payment Moratorium page 3

                             March 8, 1983, Tuesday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The National Farmers Union has proposed a one-year moratorium on principal and
interest payments due to the Farmers Home Administration, the lender of last
resort known as the FmHA.

The moratorium would halt further foreclosures and liquidations of family farms,
the group says.

Congress is also looking into the increasing number of farm foreclosures and may
ask the FmHA to defer payments due by some of the agency's borrowers. But a
blanket moratorium on payments on all FmHA loans is opposed by the Reagan
administration and is not likely to be included in any proposals Congress might
approve.

The farm group is also calling for the immediate reorganization of the FmHA into
two separate agencies. One agency, the Family Farm Recapitalization Agency,
would be restricted to being a lender of last resort to family-size farms.

The second agency under the farm union's reorganization plan for the FmHA would
be a Rural Development Agency.

The group says the existing FmHA is bogged down in a ''myriad of
responsibilities'' that make it ''impossible for the agency to give adequate
priority to farm ownership and operating loans.''

As a separate agency, the Family Farm Recapitalization Agency would be better
suited to provide a supervised loan program. The new agency, the farm group
said, should have the authority to provide long-term real estate and production
loans.

Variable-Rate Loans Urged

The group also wants those loans made at a variable interest rate with flexible
repayment schedules in ''accordance with the producer's annual net farm income
and crop production.''

To support their reorganization plan, the farmers union cited a General
Accounting Office investigation of the FmHA which the union said ''documented
the inadequacies of the FmHA in farm loan supervision.'' The union also pointed
to congressional hearings which ''demonstrated that the United States Department
of Agriculture has been unable to carry out a coordinated rural development
program.''

The farmers union made its proposals during its recent annual convention in San
Diego.

Agriculture Secretary John Block recently criticized various proposals in
Congress and state legislaures that call for a blanket moratorium on farm
foreclosures. A spokesman for the FmHA said the farm union's proposals are ''not
the approach to the problem.''

Stan Weston, the agency's information officer, said the FmHA has worked on a
case-by-case basis with farmers having difficulty making loan payments.

Last fiscal year, Mr. Weston said, the agency had 270,000 loans outstanding. Of
that total, 12,700 were rescheduled or reamortized; interest or principal, and
in some cases both, were deferred on another 3,608 loans; and the agency agreed
to become a ''second lender'' to production credit associations and commercial
banks to allow continued funding of another 29,900 farm borrowers.

One-Year Deferral

In Washington, a House subcommittee has passed on to the House Agriculture
Committee a proposal that would give FmHA borrowers the right to seek a one-year
deferral on their loans if the borrowers can show that they are good managers,
that repayment of existing loans has been made difficult by factors beyond their
control, and that if given the chance they would be able to repay their
obligations.

The Senate Agriculture Committee has approved a nearly identical proposal, and
it is now before the full Senate.

The farm union's proposal came on the heels of a proposal last month by another
farm group, the Colorado-based American Agriculture Movement, for federal
legislation to put a moratorium on farm foreclosures by commercial lenders and
government agencies.

moratorium legislation was introduced in several state legislatures, including
North Dakota, Minnesota, Ohio, and Nebraska.

In Iowa, Lt. Gov. Robert Anderson has asked the state attorney general for a
ruling on the constitutionality of a state permitting a moratorium to be
declared.

Under an Iowa law passed in 1932, the governor can declare a state of emergency
that would give property owners an extension on foreclosure actions if the
owners cannot make payments because of severe weather or during an economic
depression.

Mr. Anderson estimated that 10,000 Iowa farmers face liquidation because of the
poor farm economy.

The moratorium legislation could affect commercial banks more than the FmHA,
which generally is the target of the legislation. And that has commercial
bankers worried.

Commercial lenders may be affected most because the FmHA, being a federal
agency, apparently cannot be controlled by any actions approved by states. The
FmHA has legal opinions stating such, according to several state bank
associations.

That puts the burden on the commercial banks, which argue that they will be
reluctant to lend if there is even a remote chance that the state government may
intercede and impose a delay on the time lenders could demand payments on loans.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 831 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

News in Brief

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 918 words

Bucks, Montco farmers are eligible for emergency loans

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced yesterday that there
was enough damage from drought-like conditions to make farmers in 50
Pennsylvania counties, including Bucks and Montgomery, eligible for low-interest
emergency loans.

Gov. Rendell requested in January that the farmers be able to receive the loans
from the USDA's Farm Service Agency. He said 23 of the counties suffered crop
damage that exceeded $128 million last year, and 27 counties also sustained
significant losses.

Other counties eligible for the loans are Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Bedford,
Berks, Blair, Bradford, Butler, Cambria, Cameron, Carbon, Centre, Clarion,
Clearfield, Clinton, Columbia, Crawford, Elk, Erie, Fayette, Forest, Franklin,
Fulton, Greene, Huntingdon, Indiana, Jefferson, Lackawanna, Lehigh, Luzerne,
Lycoming, McKean, Mifflin, Monroe, Northampton, Pike, Potter, Schuylkill,
Somerset, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga, Union, Warren, Washington, Wayne,
Westmoreland and Wyoming. - AP

Chesco man, 40, dies after arrest in domestic dispute

A 40-year-old prisoner died at Chester County Hospital several hours after his
arrest in the assault of a woman at his home in West Caln Township, officials
said yesterday.

Michael Joseph McGinn, whose criminal history included two convictions for
drunken driving and one for disorderly conduct, was taken into custody Tuesday
by state police at Embreeville after officers responded to a domestic
disturbance, police said.

The cause of McGinn's death will be released when more information is available,
Chester County Chief Detective Albert L. DiGiacomo said. An autopsy was being
conducted late yesterday afternoon, officials said.

According to state police, an argument between McGinn and the unidentified
victim escalated about 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, and McGinn punched and bit the woman.
Officials said McGinn, who was charged with simple assault and harassment,
arrived at Chester County Prison about noon after failing to post $20,000 cash
bail and collapsed in a holding cell at 1:20 p.m. He was then taken to the
hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 2:15 p.m. - Kathleen Brady Shea

Blatstein redevelopment still undecided in Coatesville

Coatesville's redevelopment authority, which was to consider eliminating
Philadelphia developer Bart Blatstein's exclusive right to redevelop a 25 acre
parcel, did not meet Tuesday because it could not attain a quorum.

Paul Givler, the authority's chairman, said the matter will likely be considered
at the authority's March 20 meeting. The redevelopment authority has tried to
get Blatstein to commit to a deal since September. Blatstein has been the
preferred developer for the site at Lincoln Highway and Route 82 since 2003. -
Benjamin Y. Lowe

Two area high schools land antismoking ads on MTV

Antismoking commercials made by teams from two Montgomery County high schools
will be shown on MTV this year.

The Coalition for a Tobacco-Free Montgomery County announced yesterday that
Norristown High School and Gwynedd-Mercy Academy teams had tied in a competition
whose winners were chosen by on-line voters. They each had more than 3,000
votes.

The Gwynedd-Mercy Academy team featured a tobacco addict facing a cigarette
shortage. Facts about the risks of smoking are superimposed over images of the
addict growing ever more desperate, until she licks the ground where a cigarette
butt was tossed.

Norristown High School's ad showed close-ups of the faces of many different
young people. They list causes of death ranging from car accidents to AIDS, and
the number of people each claims in a year. At the end, they reveal that tobacco
kills more Americans than all the other causes combined.

To view the ads, go to www.montcobusted.com. - Kellie Patrick

Phila. police officer arrested on drug charges

A nine-year Philadelphia police veteran has been arrested on drug charges,
police said yesterday.

Officer Lawrence Haban, 34, of the 15th Police District, was suspended for 30
days with the intent to dismiss him, according to the Police Department's public
affairs office.

Police said they had found just under two ounces of marijuana in Haban's home
after an Internal Affairs investigation.

Charged with possession with intent to deliver and related offenses, he was
arraigned last week and released on his own recognizance. - Stephanie L. Arnold

Deliberations continue in animal activists' trial

TRENTON - A federal jury failed to reach a verdict yesterday during its first
full day of deliberations on whether an animal welfare group and six of its
members broke laws during their campaign against a company that uses animals to
test drugs and consumer products. Deliberations were to resume this morning.

The group, Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty, maintains its actions were free
speech that is protected by the First Amendment. The government contends the
group, which goes by the acronym SHAC, used its Web site to incite violence
against people and institutions it identified as targets because of their
affiliation with the animal testing lab, Huntingdon Life Sciences. The company
has laboratories in Franklin Township and Somerset County as well as in England.

Deliberations began Tuesday afternoon, following a three-week trial before U.S.
District Judge Anne E. Thompson. SHAC, based in Philadelphia, and six of its
members were charged with animal enterprise terrorism, stalking and other
offenses as part of its five-year campaign against Huntingdon Life Sciences. -
AP

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                            September 9, 2005 Friday

Louisiana ag losses to top $1B

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


Louisiana farm leaders Thursday estimated losses from Hurricane Katrina could
exceed $1 billion.

"We know what some of the immediate losses are but it may be months before we
know the full scale impact on Louisiana farmers," said Ronnie Anderson,
president of the Louisiana Farm Bureau.

The emergency farm summit included officials from the Farm Bureau, Louisiana
Department of Agriculture and Forestry, the LSU AgCenter, American Sugar Cane
League, the USDA's Farm Service Agency, USDA's Natural Resources Conservation
Service, Louisiana Cattlemen's Association, Louisiana Forestry Association and
the Louisiana Department of Economic Development.

Louisiana's citrus, beef cattle, nursery, sugar cane and dairy operations were
hard hit when the storm made landfall Aug. 29. Dairy producers in the state's
Florida Parishes dumped thousands of gallons of milk that couldn't be processed
due to power failures and loss of the dairy transport infrastructure. Early
estimates of dairy farmer losses have topped $21 million. The storm also
decimated pine and hardwood forests in the Florida Parish area.

"As much as half the timber in St. Tammany, Washington and Tangipahoa parishes
were impacted by Hurricane Katrina," said C.A. "Buck" Vandersteen, executive
director of the Louisiana Forestry Association. "We estimate the losses at
between $600 and $700 million."Emergency loans are available, said Willie
Cooper, state director of the USDA Farm Service Agency.

St. Bernard and Plaquemines parishes have open-pasture livestock operations on
levees and near marsh areas. Officials said cattle losses could top 10,000 head.

"We're doing our best to try to find out just how many animals have been lost,"
said Clayton Brister, president of the Louisiana Cattlemen's Association.There
was not enough time to move the animals out of the path of the storm, which
creates monumental public health implications."Burying the animals will be a
tremendous undertaking that, quite frankly, producers don't have the resources
to do alone," Brister said.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                SEPTEMBER 15, 1999 Wednesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

HANDLING CLEANUP OF A FOWL NATURE ROTTEN CHICKEN AWAITS DISPOSAL AT A BANKRUPT
PLANT IN FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP. A CREW WILL BEGIN AS SOON AS POWER IS RESTORED.

BYLINE: Heather N. Bandur, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP


After wading through $150,000 of rotten chicken at a processing plant here
yesterday, Jerry Schwartz did the unthinkable.

He ate a chicken cheesesteak for lunch.

"It was good," said the foreman for S&D Environmental, the Westville firm hired
by the state Department of Environmental Protection to clean up the bankrupt
Meredith Farms Corp. site. "Doesn't matter much to me."

Schwartz is one of about 20 workers who will vacuum and dispose of the chicken
grease, bones, blood and excess parts left after the company went bankrupt in
July and its power was turned off by Conectiv last month.

Coordinated by the DEP and the township's emergency management office, the
cleanup will start as soon as electricity is restored to the 100,000-square-foot
facility, and it is expected to take three to four weeks, said Robert Van
Fossen, assistant director of the discharge response element of the DEP.

The cleanup crew will work 10 to 12 hours a day in shifts of 30 to 40 minutes,
starting by the end of the week, he said.

"Chicken grease, guts, by-products and bones were sitting there for the whole
month of August and half of September," Van Fossen said. "The freezer started to
act like an oven. It was like a blast of hot air when they opened it, and there
was about three to four inches of liquefied chicken" on the ground.

Paul Waters Jr., president of Meredith Farms, said he had invested more than $3
million in the processing plant and intends to reopen it. The problem occurred,
he said, when $1 million in expected federal funds did not arrive.

Meredith Farms was denied Housing and Urban Development funding, according to
David P. Fanslau, director of the county's Department of Business and Economic
Development.

"A $700,000 loan was not approved by HUD," he said, "because Meredith Farms real
estate was already used as collateral for other loans."

A $300,000 brownfields grant was also denied, Fanslau said.

When the plant closed in July after Meredith Farms filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy, Waters said, it was processing about 40,000 chickens a day and
employed about 150 people.

To clean up the site, S&D Environmental workers will cover themselves from head
to toe in plastic, including a yellow "moon suit" with a hood, rubber boots and
gloves, Van Fossen said. They will wear masks that will allow them to breathe
air from the outside, he said, because the air inside could be toxic.

Neither the cost of the cleanup nor the disposal methods have been determined,
Van Fossen said. The DEP will cover the expense, he said.

As for when Van Fossen will next sit down to a chicken dinner, he said: "Not in
the near future. I've had a lot of salads the last couple of nights."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Robert Van Fossen of the state Department of Environmental Protection
coordinates efforts on a cellular phone at the Meredith Farms Corp. Franklin
Township officials declared the site, closed since Aug. 3, a public health
threat. (ELIZABETH ROBERTSON, Inquirer Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

SBA loans available for residents

BYLINE: The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


May 11--CULLMAN -- Cullman County has qualified for economic impact loans
following a weekend of tornadoes and strong winds April 24-25.

For Cullman County, the loans are limited to small businesses, which may include
farms and retail establishments, said Phyllis Little, director of Cullman County
Emergency Management Agency.

"We didn't have much damage reported to us, but there could always be some who
didn't report it. The money that's available will be strictly for businesses,"
Little said.

During the April weekend storms, a tornado was spotted in Welti. Warnings were
heard throughout the evening hours as the storm front raced across north central
Alabama. Much of the damage was found in Albertville.

Interest rates are as low as 4 percent for businesses with terms up to 30 years,
according to a Small Business Association news release.

The disaster loan for businesses in Cullman County is classified as "Economic
Injury Disaster Loans (EIDLS). The SBA describes this type of loan as working
capital aimed at assisting small businesses, small agricultural cooperatives and
most private, non-profit organizations of all sizes. These businesses and
organizations must be able to show that they are unable to meet their ordinary
and necessary financial obligations as a direct result of the storms or
disaster. The SBA will work with those entities affected to determine if they
cannot provide for their own recovery from non-government sources.

The deadline for filing for EILs is Feb. 3, 2011.

For more details about the loans, call the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA at 800-621-3362, TTY 800-462-7585 for people with speech or hearing
disabilities.

The locations of Disaster Recovery Centers and the loan application process can
be obtained by calling the SBA Customer Service Center at 800-659-2955
(800-877-8339 for people with speech or hearing disabilities), Monday through
Friday from 8 a.m. until 6 p.m.: Saturday and Sunday 9 a.m. until 5:30 p.m.,
EDT, or be sending an e-mail to disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

Alabama residents may also visit SBA's secure Web site at
http://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/.

To see more of The Cullman Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.cullmantimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Cullman Times, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100511-ZC-SBA-loans-available-for-residents-0511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                        Copyright 2010 The Cullman Times


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

CBO Pegs Fiscal '87 Deficit at $183 Billion; Gray Proposes Fiscal '88 Spending
Freeze

                           March 18, 1987, Wednesday

By Patrice Hill

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 17


Emergency spending to bail out the Farm Credit System, the Federal Savings and
Loan Insurance Corp., and other federal programs could increase the size of the
fiscal 1987 deficit by $7.3 billion, to $183 billion, the Congressional Budget
Office said today.

Meanwhile, House Budget Committee chairman William Gray 3d, D-Pa., today
abandoned efforts to draft a compromise $36 billion deficit reduction plan for
fiscal 1988. He announced that he would instead ask his committee to consider
imposing a severe freeze on spending next year.

Mr. Gray's proposal would freeze fiscal 1988 outlays at fiscal 1987 levels and
would cover defense, Social Security, and all other domestic spending. It would
hold the deficit to $109.7 billion, nearly meeting the Gramm-Rudman law's fiscal
1988 deficit target of $108 billion.

Mr. Gray said he expects his committee to vote to increase spending because the
proposed freeze would hit such cherished programs as Social Security. But, he
said, "in the absence of White House participation in the process, such an
approach may be the only way for us to meet the Gramm Rudman-Hollings
requirements and avoid a deadlock."

The Congressional Budget Office re-estimated the fiscal 1987 deficit after
Senate Budget Committee chairman Lawton Chiles, D-Fla., requested that the
agency take into account emergency legislation to bail out federal financial
agencies. The budget office's last official estimate of the deficit for fiscal
1987, which ends Sept. 30, was $175.7 billion.

The congressional agency said bailing out the Farm Credit System this year might
cost as much as $5 billion but added that Congress could avoid any cost by
providing guarantees only for the system's bonds and securities.

The agency estimated the cost of drawing down the FSLIC's line of credit with
the Treasury Department at $800 million. Emergency assistance for the homeless
and other programs would increase the deficit by $1.6 billion, the budget office
said.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 336 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    November 29, 1998, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Golden opportunity to save family farm

BYLINE: LORNE NYSTROM; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; LETTERS; Pg. A13


Unlike many large foreign banks that have lost billions of dollars in dubious
loans to hedge funds and derivative speculators, Canadian chartered banks have
done very well and have managed once again to achieve billions of dollars in
profits.

Canadian chartered banks, therefore, have a unique opportunity to prove their
commitment to the Canadian people by helping Prairie grain farmers survive the
most serious crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. The 1998 profits of
the Royal Bank -- at $ 1.82 billion its highest ever -- are in themselves about
two and a half times the equivalent of what is needed in emergency funding to
keep Prairie farmers alive next year. If the banks are not prepared on their own
to help the farmers, a recourse left to government is to increase the tax on
their profits and plow the money back into the family farms.

If only two of the chartered banks can magically promise small businesses $ 20
million to $ 40 billion in extra loans as a carrot for their merger ambitions,
then surely they can help give these farmers a breathing space with guaranteed
loans and a temporary moratorium on interest rates until federal funding makes
its way through the bureaucracy and into farms. This would only represent two
per cent to three per cent of what was promised to small businesses as part of a
merger carrot.

Canadian banks must reconcile their great profitability with the responsibility
that comes with their charters. Canadian farmers can't wait six month for
federal funding. They need the support of Canadian banks and other financial
institutions now.

Lorne Nystrom,

MP, Regina-Qu'Appelle

NDP financial institutions critic



LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1998

LENGTH: 283 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Mountaineer (Big Sandy, Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 23, 2009

USDA designates three Montana counties as primary natural disaster areas

BYLINE: The Mountaineer staff

LENGTH: 386  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 16, 2009 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated
Fergus, Judith Basin and Petroleum counties in Montana as primary natural
disaster areas due to the combined effects of drought, severe storms, excessive
heat, hailstorms, excessive moisture at harvest and weather related insect
damage throughout 2009.

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to the
area and serious harm to farms and ranches in Montana and we want to help," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "This action will provide help to hundreds of
farmers and ranchers who suffered significant production losses to hay, forage,
pasture, barley, corn, oats and wheat."

Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in Montana also qualify for
natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous:

Blaine Chouteau Golden Valley Musselshell Rosebud

Cascade Garfield Meagher Phillips Wheatland

All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Dec. 15, 2009,
making all qualified farm and ranch operators in the designated areas eligible
for low interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA),
provided eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover
part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own
merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. FSA has variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan
program, to help eligible farmers and ranchers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including If you do develop possible flu symptoms and you want to consult your
health care provider, call before going in for an office visit. Please take
steps to avoid exposing others to the flu

There was recently an issue with doses of pediatric H1N1 vaccine being involved
in a non-safety recall by the manufacturer due to questions about its strength,
inventories have been investigated and it was determined that none of the
recalled vaccine supply had been given anywhere in Montana. If you have
questions, please call the Chouteau County Health Dept at 622-3771 or visit our
web site at http://www.co.chouteau.mt.us/health.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MOU

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2009 The Mountaineer


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 7, 2012 Saturday

Low-interest loans available to repair storm damage

BYLINE: By Marie Wilson mwilson@dailyherald.com By Marie Wilson
mwilson@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 381 words


Residents whose homes, businesses or farms were damaged in Sunday's strong storm
may be in line for some help.

A program administered by the state treasurer's office is offering [URL]disaster
recovery loans;http://www.treasurer.il.gov/programs/community-invest/consumer-lo
ans/disaster-recovery.aspx[/URL] to owners of properties damaged in the storm.
The loans come at a maximum interest rate of 3 percent and can be repaid over up
to five years.

"People whose homes, businesses, vehicles and other property have been damaged
may need assistance after an extended power outage or damage from high winds,"
Illinois Treasurer Dan Rutherford said in a news release. "I want every victim
of this storm to know what help is available."

The loans can assist with damage caused directly by wind or rain, or indirectly
by a storm-related power outage. Some towns, such as Lombard and Wheaton,
declared disaster zones or states of emergency, but even without such an
official designation, property owners may be eligible for loan assistance.

"(Applicants) need to have had weather-related damage on their home or property.
There doesn't need to be a disaster declaration," said Matt Butterfield,
treasurer's office spokesman.

Disaster recovery loans can help pay for repairs not covered by insurance or
help handle immediate costs until insurance payments come in. The treasurer's
office deposits funds into eligible banks to bring down the interest rates and
keep the loans affordable, Butterfield said. Nine banks in DuPage County are
approved state depositories. Four of them have shown interest in offering
disaster recovery loans, but the treasurer's office is awaiting confirmation of
which banks will be participating in the program.

The county has not created an assistance program specifically for damage from
Sunday's storms, said David Gervino, emergency management coordinator for
DuPage's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management. A total damage
estimate is not yet available, he said Friday.

"The county is promoting existing programs through the state treasurer's
office," Gervino said.

Property owners can apply for the treasurer's disaster recovery loans by using
the [URL]online application;[/URL] at treasurer.il.gov or calling the disaster
recovery hotline at (866) 523-0641.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 11, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Caucus Seeks More Aid for Black Farmers

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 10


The Congressional Black Caucus demanded today that the secretary of agriculture
do more to promote the civil rights of black farmers and ensure that they
receive agriculture loans as easily as other farmers.

After a week of protests by black farmers in Tennessee, Agriculture Secretary
Ann M. Veneman agreed to meet with a delegation of black farmers on Friday to
review their complaints. Among them are accusations of discrimination by local
offices of the farm agency.

Ms. Veneman agreed to meet with the farmers in Washington if they agreed to
abandon their sit-in at a Brownsville, Tenn., farm agency office that processes
loans.

In an exchange of letters, Ms. Veneman told the Black Farmers and
Agriculturalists Association that she would review the loans in question and
that she takes "all suggestions of unfair treatment very seriously."

The department also released statistics showing a 27 percent increase in direct
loans for black farmers since 1997, a 108 percent increase in direct farm
ownership loans and a 203 percent increase in emergency loans to black farmers
in the same period.

Representative John Conyers Jr., Democrat of Michigan and a member of the black
caucus, said today that the burden "rests upon the Agriculture Department to
stop its discriminatory practices."

"Many black farmers have become disillusioned," Mr. Conyers added. "For
generations these practices have continuously eliminated the hopes, dreams and
opportunities of black farmers."

The Agriculture Department all but conceded that it had discriminated against
black farmers when it settled a class-action suit in 1999 by promising $50,000
tax-free grants to black farmers who said they were discriminated against when
they applied for agricultural loans from the government.

But some farmers said the settlement was too small and came too late to save
most black farmers.

In the past 80 years, black farmers have become a dying breed, accounting for
less than 1 percent of American farmers today and owning fewer than two million
acres of farmland.

After President Bush signed an $180 billion farm bill this summer, black farmers
said they were disappointed that the large increase in farm subsidies had gone
disproportionately to the largest and wealthiest farmers and complained there
was little in the new bill to help black farmers.

Black farmers, who are concentrated mostly in the South, began to complain that
local offices of federal farm agencies were failing to approve the loans they
needed this year to begin planting their crops.

The Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association began the sit-in last week in
Brownsville. Another group of black farmers announced that it would hold a
national protest next month, driving trucks and tractors outside the Agriculture
Department.

"There's nothing for us in that farm bill," said John Boyd, head of the Black
Farmers Association. "It's for the big corporate farmers, not the disadvantaged
family farmer."

Of special concern is a $25 million outreach program to help disadvantaged
farmers, one part of the farm bill.

Representative Eva Clayton, Democrat of North Carolina, said the black caucus
was upset that the program had yet to be financed and that Ms. Veneman had yet
to appoint a deputy in charge of civil rights.

"She'll have an opportunity to demonstrate her leadership on civil rights, and
hopefully she'll be up to the task," said Mrs. Clayton, a caucus member.

Ms. Veneman has begun the search for the deputy, a department spokesman said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representatives John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Eva Clayton of
North Carolina, right, both Democrats, pressured the Department of Agriculture
yesterday to attend to the concerns of black farmers. (Stephen Crowley/The New
York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 17, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY BRIEFS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 43; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 215 words



AMERICAN MEDICAL ALERT CORP., Oceanside, L.I., has entered into a contract to
provide its Personal Emergency Response System to Emergency Ambulance Response
SystemInc.

BESSEMER CAPITAL PARTNERS L.P., announced the acquisition of MS/Essex
HoldingsInc. The transaction was financed by a combination of bank loans
including a $130 million term loan and commitments for up to $155 million of
revolving credit loans.



CORE INDUSTRIES, Bloomfield, Mich., an electronics, farm equipment and
construction products concern, completed the sale of most of its subsidiary
Anilam Electronics to Grossenbacher Elektronik A.G., a Swiss manufacturer of
industrial electronics.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP., Maynard, Mass., and its wholly owned subsidiary Digital
Equipment Corporation de Puerto Rico signed an agreement with Circo CraftCo.,
Quebec, to sell the physical assets of Digital's Puerto Rican printed wiring
board operation in San German. Terms were not disclosed.

JWP INC., Purchase, N.Y., sold four environmental businesses to Wheelabrator
Technologies Inc., and expects to sell a fifth unit by the end of the year. JWP
received approximately $69 million in cash for the four units and expects an
additional $19 million in cash upon completion of the fifth sale.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 20, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE APPROVES FARM BANKING AID

BYLINE: By NATHANIEL C. NASH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 33, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 858 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 19


The Senate approved a financial rescue package today that would inject $4
billion into the nation's network of banks that lend exclusively to American
farmers.

By an 85-to-2 vote, the Senate passed a plan intended to revitalize the Farm
Credit System, whose financial strength has been depleted by five years of
depression in the farm economy and thousands of bankruptcies among the nation's
farmers.

The House passed an identical bill by an overwhelming margin Friday.

Although some Administration officials said President Reagan had not decided
whether to sign or veto the bill, others said it would be politically costly for
him to withhold such assistance from farmers.

Leahy Warns of 'Disaster'

''Without this legislation, we face the possibility of a financial disaster in
the farm belt,'' said Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat and chairman
of the Senate Agriculture Committee. He said such a situation ''could be
devastating to confidence in our economy at this critical time.''

If Mr. Reagan signs the farm credit bill, the package will make new loans
available for spring planting. This is particularly important since the farm
economy has begun to turn around. Land and commodity prices are rising, giving
farmers more of a chance to operate profitably.

In addition to injecting billions of dollars into the Farm Credit System, the
bill would reorganize a network of 287 lending institutions that for years has
been plagued by what some members of Congress have called adminstrative excess
and questionable lending practices.

The $4 billion package marks the second time this year that Congress has had to
pass emergency legislation to save a major sector of the nation's financial
system from possible collapse. Last summer Congress approved a $10.8 billion
plan to prevent the savings and loan deposit insurance fund from going bankrupt.

Both actions, plus the collapse of the stock market in October, underscore the
strains on the nation's banks, brokerage firms and savings and loan institutions
from the depressed energy, real estate and farm sectors. In addition to these
domestic problems, commercial banks have come to realize that they will never
collect on many loans to third world countries.

Net Worth Has Dwindled

Even though it is costly, maintaining the Farm Credit System is considered both
economically and politically vital, since its $50 billion in loans represents
one-third of all lending to farmers. The system was created to direct credit to
farmers seeking long-term loans to purchase land and shorter-term funds to
finance equipment and seed purchases. Twelve Federal Land Banks provide the
long-term loans, while 12 Federal Intermediary Credit Banks provide the
shorter-term financing.

Since 1985, as land prices plummeted, the system has lost almost $5 billion from
defaults on loans to farmers. Its net worth has dwindled to just above $1
billion.

And although Congress has felt the political pressure throughout the year to
produce legislation to save the system, that pressure became even greater last
week when, as predicted, the $2.4 billion Federal Land Bank of Jackson, Miss.,
declared itself effectively insolvent and froze the deposits that farm borrowers
had placed with the lending institution.

Selling Bonds to Investors

Unlike commercial banks and savings and loans, banks in the Farm Credit System
do not take consumer deposits. Rather, borrowing farmers put up 10 percent of
the value of their loans as a stock deposit in the bank. Those funds are
returned only after the farmer has repaid all interest and principal on the
loan. Moreover, to raise money for farm lending, the system issues long-term
bonds to the public.

Under the legislation, whose formal name is the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987,
the system would be able to sell $4 billion of 15-year bonds to the investing
public over the next five years. In the first five years, the Federal Treasury
would pay interest on the bonds. Over the next five years, the Farm Credit
System and the Treausry would split interest payments, and the farm system would
pay all interest in the five remaining years of the bonds' life.

Congressional aides have estimated that the overall cost to the taxpayer from
the interest payments on the bonds will be about $1 billion.

The legislation also would establishe a three-member Farm Credit Assistance
Board to oversee the financial rejuvenation of the system, and a Financial
Assistance Corporation to sell the bonds. The Agriculture and Treasury
Secretaries, as well as an agricultural producer appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, would make up the assistance board.

A lending institution seeking financial aid must present a plan for
reorganization and be subject to salary cuts, management removal and other
changes considered necessary by the assistance board.

Moreover, under the plan the Federal Land Banks and the Federal Intermediary
Credit Banks would be merged to eliminate administrative overlap. Senator
Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, estimated this duplication of effort
costs the system $800 million a year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     January 4, 2002 Friday, Final Edition

HELP OFFERED TO FARMERS ATTACKED BY ARMY WORMS;
Low-interest government loans are made available to compensate for major crop
losses last year.

BYLINE: BART JANSEN Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farmers across Maine who suffered an estimated $20 million worth of damage from
crop-chomping army worms are eligible for low-interest federal loans, under a
declaration from U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman. The worms chewed their
way across fields of hay, corn and oats in southern Maine last summer, thriving
on a wet spring following last winter's heavy snowfall.

The caterpillars, which march by day and eat at night, can quickly devour
hundreds of acres of hay or corn before moving on to the next crop or becoming
moths and flying away.

"I saw some fields down in southern Maine that were absolutely stripped," said
Dave Lavway, executive director of the USDA's Farm Service Agency, which
administers the loans. "I think it took everybody totally by surprise."

U.S. Rep. John Baldacci, D-Maine, who serves on the Agriculture Committee,
lobbied agency officials many times for aid to Maine farmers, a spokesman said.

U.S. Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, both Maine Republicans, wrote to
Veneman in June, asking for grants to help farmers in the Northeast and Midwest.
Snowe also asked leaders on the Agriculture Committee to approve $40 million in
emergency funding for New England farmers in July to help pay for the emergency,
but that provision wasn't approved.

On Dec. 20, Veneman declared disasters in Androscoggin, Cumberland, Kennebec,
Lincoln, Oxford, Penobscot, Piscataquis, Sagadahoc, Somerset, Waldo, Washington
and York counties. This qualified farmers for loans in adjacent counties:
Aroostook, Franklin, Hancock and Knox.

Veneman announced the loan program in a news release on Wednesday. "This
assistance will help Maine farmers recover from an infestation that has
destroyed much of the state's hay, pasture and corn crops," she said.

Female moths lay as many as 2,000 eggs at a time in crops. After six to 10 days
of incubation, the eggs hatch into caterpillars an inch or two long, which feed
on crops in clusters as thick as 100 per square foot. The larvae later pupate in
cocoons for three to four weeks before emerging to devour the next crop.

Farmers typically notice the damage too late for pesticides to prevent the
damage.

One Maine dairy farmer told Snowe that army worms consumed hay and alfalfa
across half of his 120-acre farm, costing him $18,000 in winter feed for his
cattle.

Farmers must document a 30 percent loss of their crop to qualify for the loans
at a 3.75 percent interest rate. The loans can cover 80 percent of the loss, up
to $500,000. The loans must be repaid within seven years in most cases, Lavway
said.

Farmers have eight months to apply for the loans.

"It's to give them a chance to recuperate from getting hit and spread out the
hurt for years at low interest," he said. "If they need to buy seed or refinance
their debt, we can talk about doing that."

In July, a survey by Lavway's agency estimated that the worms damaged 57,823
acres of hay and grass statewide, valued at more than $17.3 million. The worms
also ate 5,059 acres of feed corn, worth $2.8 million, and 1,050 acres of oats,
worth $78,750, he said.

The losses may total less than that, depending on damage to second and third
cuttings of crops.

"They were voracious eaters," he said.

Staff Writer Bart Jansen can be reached at 202-488-1119 or at:

bjansen@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: $3B in Farm Aid May Never Reach Banks

                          November 4, 1998, Wednesday

Alan Kline


Checks are in the mail to cash-strapped farmers, but agricultural bankers should
not assume the money will be used to pay off bank loans.

The U.S. Agriculture Department this week began distributing about $3 billion of
emergency aid to farmers and ranchers hard hit by severe weather and low crop
prices. The payments are part of a nearly $6 billion farm aid package approved
by Congress last month and signed into law by President Clinton.

Though some farm subsidy payments automatically go to lenders, that is not the
case with this money, warned John M. Blanchfield, manager of agricultural
banking at the American Bankers Association.

Banks that want to use the new payments as collateral must get farm customers to
sign a form that can be obtained from local Farm Service agencies.

Under the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act, the government makes annual direct payments
to farmers that do not have to be repaid. To ensure that bank loans are repaid
with the money, checks often are made out jointly to farmers and their bankers.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 189 words

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

Pawlenty seeking aid for 7 counties

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES

LENGTH: 129 words


Gov. Tim Pawlenty is asking for a federal disaster declaration for seven
Minnesota counties so people living there can qualify for an emergency loan
program.

Pawlenty sent the request to the U.S. Small Business Administration on Wednesday
for Faribault, Freeborn, Olm-sted, Otter Tail, Polk, Steele and Wadena counties.

The counties were hit hard by severe storms, tornadoes and flooding June 17-26.
Pawlenty said a damage assessment found more than 100 homes and businesses were
destroyed or rendered uninhabitable.

Pawlenty said the affected counties should qualify for the emergency loan
program because the SBA's damage thresholds have been met.

The loans are intended to help the owners of homes, businesses and farms repair
and rebuild after a disaster.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 28, 2002 Thursday

Insurance claims for ice storm losses grow

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Updated estimates for insured losses resulting from the Jan. 31 through Feb. 1
ice storms are more than double preliminary figures, Insurance Commissioner
Carroll Fisher said Wednesday.

According to New Jersey-based Property Claims Service, insurance companies will
pay $40 million for damage caused by the storms. Earlier estimates set the
figure at $17 million. The figure is only for insured losses and excludes
deductibles and losses not covered under insurance policies.

Fisher has approved applications by the State Farm, Shelter and MetLife
insurance groups to use emergency adjusters. Other companies brought
already-licensed adjusters from out of state.

Through Tuesday, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued nearly $2
million in federal disaster housing grants and loans to almost 4,000 Oklahomans,
said FEMA spokesman Lew Wood. In addition, more than 21,400 people have
registered with FEMA for disaster assistance.

The cost to repair public roads, buildings and infrastructure, as well as remove
debris from cities could top $106 million, according to figures from the
Oklahoma Department of Civil Emergency Management.

Electric crews continued this week to rebuild hundreds of miles of state power
lines, battling wind gusts and frigid temperatures that threatened to harm an
already ailing network.

Tom Garrett, general manager of Cimarron Electric Cooperative, said about 500
customers are still without electricity as 63 crews from Oklahoma, Arkansas,
Louisiana and Texas work to install some 12,500 new electric poles and miles of
power line. Each pole costs the cooperative about $300.

"We have to lay so much line for so few houses," Garrett said. "For example,
this week used over 10 miles of line and 90 poles to get power to 11 homes."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

New SBA DisasterLoan Rules Won'tCome Until '09

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 173 No. 171

LENGTH: 696  words


WASHINGTON - A provision in the most recent federal farm bill that lets banks
make disaster loans through the Small Business Administration will not be
implemented in time to respond to this year's hurricanes, an SBA official said.

The bill, enacted in late May, gives the SBA a year to write rules detailing how
banks should make the loans.

Rear Admiral Steven G. Smith, who heads the agency's executive office of
disaster strategic planning, said that he has been working on the regulations,
but that the SBA has no immediate need for help from banks this storm season.

The provision "really kicks in private disaster lending in a 'catastrophic'
scenario such as a Katrina or a 9/11," he said. "While we have a number of
disasters, none of them really meet the designation of 'catastrophic.' "

Mr. Smith said the SBA could handle 10 to 15 times its current loan volume
before it would need assistance from banks, despite all of the disasters it is
already handling, including the Midwest floods and damage from hurricanes Fay
and Gustav.

The SBA was already moving to set up disaster loan offices before President Bush
declared the Gulf Coast region a disaster area Wednesday. Mr. Smith said that
when the declaration was made for Florida businesses hit by Hurricane Fay, the
SBA officers were in place just an hour later.

Even so, he said he is moving forward with plans for the rules to let bankers
help offer disaster loans at a later point. "I was in New Orleans a week ago
Monday and I met with Guy Williams," the president and chief executive officer
of Gulf Coast Bank and Trust in New Orleans, "and a number of bankers from the
Gulf Coast."

Mr. Williams "brought in about four other bankers, and we spent an hour going
over some of the possibilities and things which they wanted to discuss and I
wanted to discuss about how we would potentially implement this," Mr. Smith
said.

Though the SBA does not appear to be in a hurry to get the implementation
guidelines written, the specter of a line of approaching storms has led some
analysts to speculate a severe hit would speed up the process.

"We have three hurricanes coming, and the question is how quickly can the SBA
gets this program up and running," said Jaret Seiberg, a policy analyst at
Stanford Group Co. "One thing we've seen in the Bush administration is their
willingness to push an agency to move faster in the wake of a crisis. ... If
there's a major disaster along the Gulf Coast, rather than seeing the SBA
overwhelmed again, I think there's going to be enormous pressure for them to get
the program up and running."

The farm law allows banks to make SBA loans to disaster victims, including
property owners, renters, and businesses. The agency says over 80% of its
disaster loans are made to homeowners, who may borrow up to $200,000 to repair
their properties and another $40,000 to replace or repair belongings. Renters
can borrow $40,000 to replace or repair damaged belongings.

The law also allows private lenders to make 180-day "bridge loans" of up to
$150,000 at not more then 1 percentage point above the prime rate to businesses
that are otherwise eligible for a disaster loan. In all disasters, private
lenders can make loans of up to $25,000 and receive an SBA guaranty within 36
hours for up to 85% of the loan amount.

The bridge loans, which would be rolled into a standard SBA disaster loan once
it has been made, are designed to deliver money quickly to businesses waiting
for a conventional SBA loan or an insurance payment.

The SBA said it had 600 disaster assistance officers, including Federal
Emergency Management Agency liaisons and loss verifiers, "available for
immediate deployment." It also said it had "a large reserve force of over 2,000
personnel" and was "contacting them all to confirm availability and readiness to
deploy if needed."

Mr. Seiberg said banks were meant to step in during "situations where the normal
process is overwhelmed" and help the SBA.

"For a while it looked like Gustav could be that type of storm," he said. "It
seems like this is going to be a brutal hurricane season, with storms lined up
one after the other on a track that leads directly to the United States."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Drought disaster declared in S.J., elsewhere

BYLINE: Reed Fujii, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


Aug. 31--Federal farm officials have declared nearly the entire state of
California a drought disaster area, which gives farmers and ranchers hurt by the
arid conditions access to low-interest emergency loans.

Val Dolcini, executive director of the U.S. Farm Service Agency in California,
said Friday that it was the first time he'd seen a disaster declaration covering
the state, except for San Francisco.

Securing access to water for crops and livestock has been a top concern for
producers of all types of crops and commodities throughout the state, he said
from his office in Davis.

"We've been living off the snowpack from a couple of seasons ago," he said. "It
has become a very serious issue and probably exacerbated some of the other
issues we are seeing, such as the (wildland) fires.

Scott Hudson, San Joaquin County's agricultural commissioner, said he sought and
received a formal disaster declaration for the county earlier this year. The
primary impact has been on grazing lands and cattle.

Cattle and calves were pegged as the county's 10th most valuable commodity in
2012, with revenues estimated at $67 million.

"We got very little rain after December of 2012," Hudson said Friday. "A lot of
the cattlemen in this area depend on the feed produced by rangeland."

Without natural grasses thriving on winter rains, ranchers may have to buy
additional feed for their herds and many cattle may weigh less, and thus fetch
less money, when sent to market.

Another concern, Hudson said, is that two consecutive seasons of below-average
rain may limit the ability of pasturelands to recover.

"If our rangeland grasses aren't growing and production is lessened, than you
lose your seed reservoir for the next year," he said.

Duane Martin Jr., a cattle rancher based in Elk Grove who moves his herds among
pastures in the central portion of the Central Valley, from Madera to Willows,
said conditions were tough this year but much better than in harder-hit areas in
the south Valley and Central Coast.

"You get north of Fresno and the gains, the weight gains on our stocker cattle,
were pretty good. We really have nothing to complain about," he said.

However, Martin said his biggest worry is the coming rainy season and lack of
new water development by state and federal officials.

"If we don't get some healthy rains this fall, we're going to have some problems
in this state," he said.

"Mother Nature better bail us out this winter, because our government isn't
taking care of us."

The latest expansion of federal emergency relief was announced Thursday.

Dolcini said it'll probably be next week before he can gauge the depth of need
for such help, but his agency is already active in the hard-hit areas where
emergencies were declared earlier.

"We've been working with the livestock industry, who have been suffering from
severe drought conditions on the Central Coast," he said.

In addition, he plans to visit the area affected by the Rim Fire, now scorching
the Sierra north of and into Yosemite National Park.

"My anticipation is we'll be able to provide some measure of assistance to
impacted livestock ranchers," he said.

More information about the loan program and drought-relief assistance is
available from the FSA office in Stockton, 3422 W. Hammer Lane, Suite A, or by
calling the office at (209) 472-7127.

Contact reporter Reed Fujii at (209) 546-8253 or rfujii@recordnet.com

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130831-SK-Drought-disaster-declared-in-S-J-elsewhere-0831-20130831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday

Banks offer quake help

BYLINE: SUSAN EDMUNDS

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 390 words


Banks are offering more flexibility to customers affected by this week's
earthquakes.

All the major banks have now announced assistance packages.

Bank of New Zealand is offering customers: access to temporary overdraft
facilities and credit limit increases; the ability to restructure business loans
without fees; and the ability to suspend loan payments and access term deposits
early without penalty.

ASB is offering: access to emergency funds with an overdraft facility at an
interest rate 1.5 per cent below the standard floating rate; the option to take
a three-month home loan repayment holiday; and no break fees if a loan has to be
repaid because a house is destroyed or badly damaged.

It is also providing support for customers working with IAG on claims that go
beyond the Earthquake Commission's limit, and immediate consideration of
applications for emergency credit limit increases and reviews of credit card
instalment repayments.

Westpac is offering customers the option of changing their home loan to
interest-only for six months, as well as extending the home loan term without
fees. It is also offering emergency overdrafts of $500 for customers who do not
have a home loan with the bank, and $5000 for those who do.

Term deposits can be withdrawn early without penalty and customers with enough
of a buffer can take a repayment holiday on their mortgages.

Westpac is also offering businesses a temporary overdraft up to $10,000 and the
option to defer credit card and loan repayments.

At ANZ, customers can talk to the bank about applying for short- term, temporary
overdraft facilities, adjusting lending limits to deal with unexpected costs,
getting early access to term deposits, and payment holidays of up to three
months on home loans.

The bank is also offering to waive the fees associated with restructuring
business and farm loans and the merchant service fees for businesses with
significantly reduced or no transaction volumes processed over their eftpos and
credit card terminals.

Kiwibank said it urged its customers to get in touch with their account
managers.

"There are a range of options we can initiate to assist them. This includes
payment holidays, switching to interest only and other restructuring of loans .
. . The first priorities will be restoring homes and reopening affected
businesses," a spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday

Banks offer quake help

BYLINE: SUSAN EDMUNDS

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 390 words


Banks are offering more flexibility to customers affected by this week's
earthquakes.

All the major banks have now announced assistance packages.

Bank of New Zealand is offering customers: access to temporary overdraft
facilities and credit limit increases; the ability to restructure business loans
without fees; and the ability to suspend loan payments and access term deposits
early without penalty.

ASB is offering: access to emergency funds with an overdraft facility at an
interest rate 1.5 per cent below the standard floating rate; the option to take
a three-month home loan repayment holiday; and no break fees if a loan has to be
repaid because a house is destroyed or badly damaged.

It is also providing support for customers working with IAG on claims that go
beyond the Earthquake Commission's limit, and immediate consideration of
applications for emergency credit limit increases and reviews of credit card
instalment repayments.

Westpac is offering customers the option of changing their home loan to
interest-only for six months, as well as extending the home loan term without
fees. It is also offering emergency overdrafts of $500 for customers who do not
have a home loan with the bank, and $5000 for those who do.

Term deposits can be withdrawn early without penalty and customers with enough
of a buffer can take a repayment holiday on their mortgages.

Westpac is also offering businesses a temporary overdraft up to $10,000 and the
option to defer credit card and loan repayments.

At ANZ, customers can talk to the bank about applying for short- term, temporary
overdraft facilities, adjusting lending limits to deal with unexpected costs,
getting early access to term deposits, and payment holidays of up to three
months on home loans.

The bank is also offering to waive the fees associated with restructuring
business and farm loans and the merchant service fees for businesses with
significantly reduced or no transaction volumes processed over their eftpos and
credit card terminals.

Kiwibank said it urged its customers to get in touch with their account
managers.

"There are a range of options we can initiate to assist them. This includes
payment holidays, switching to interest only and other restructuring of loans .
. . The first priorities will be restoring homes and reopening affected
businesses," a spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

Business as usual for State Farm

BYLINE: By Karen Hansen;khansen@pantagraph.com

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 350 words


BLOOMINGTON - The massive $85 billion federal bailout of American International
Group should have little effect on rates people pay for home and auto insurance,
an industry expert said Wednesday.

The two-year emergency loan to AIG, which gives the federal government a nearly
80 percent stake in the global insurance giant, is designed to foster a climate
of business as usual in the insurance industry, said Robert Hartwig, president
and chief economist of the Insurance Information Institute in Washington, D.C.

"The idea is that companies are operating as normal," said Hartwig, with the
industry and its rates continuing to be monitored at the state level.

State Farm Insurance Cos. spokesman Jeff McCollum agreed the Bloomington-based
insurer anticipates no effect on policyholders' rates from the government
intervention, though the company will monitor the situation.

Hartwig also noted the situation that caused AIG's downfall was different from
anything that exists at a company like State Farm. AIG is an international
insurer that operates in 130 countries; its biggest problems were caused by
risky mortgage-related investments and insurance.

"The core of our insurance and our banking operations remains solid," said
McCollum, noting the mutual company is also not publicly traded. "We have not
engaged in the risky sub-prime lending practices of some financial institutions,
and the way we are structured to serve our customers' insurance needs bears no
resemblance to AIG."-

Hartwig also noted distinctions between the AIG situation and another recent
federal bailout of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Unlike the two
mortgage giants, which hold or guarantee about half of the nation's mortgage
debt, insurance risks are spread among 2,600 property/casualty carriers in the
U.S.

"Half of the insurance market is not funneled through two entities the way the
mortgage market was," said Hartwig.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Inverell Times

                               February 27, 2014

Federal package for farmers announced

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 883  words


FEDERAL Member for New England and Minister for Agriculture, Barnaby Joyce said
farming families and businesses will be able to access greater government
assistance sooner as part of a $320 million comprehensive drought support
package.

Announcing the package Wednesday, February 26 with the Prime Minister, Tony
Abbott, Mr Joyce said the Federal Government would bring forward more generous
income support arrangements for farmers and their families, extend concessional
loans to eligible drought-affected farm businesses, provide funds for water
infrastructure and pest eradication as well as funds for counselling support
services for farmers.

'This new package will assist impacted farm businesses and farm families from
Tamworth to Tenterfield, from Yetman to Walcha who have contacted my office in
recent weeks to deal with immediate financial pressures and improve their
capacity to recover when the rain finally comes,' Mr Joyce said.

'I've been travelling extensively throughout the electorate in recent weeks
talking to New England constituents.'

 '(It was) about what they need to keep them going until it rains again.

'Farming is a very significant part of our economy and will play a critical role
in our economic future.

'We are introducing measures to offer financial, social and mental health
support,' he said.

'This is a government determined to stand by the people of Australia in good
times and bad.'

Mr Joyce said more than 6000 agricultural businesses in the New England
Electorate could benefit from the Federal Government announcement.

'This new package will assist impacted farm businesses and farm families to deal
with immediate financial pressures and improve their capacity to recover when
the rain finally comes,' Mr Joyce said.

'We are acting at the speed of 1000 gazelles.'

Mr Joyce said there are more than 4.6 million hectares of land mainly used for
agriculture in the New England electorate and a large proportion has been
impacted by the dry conditions.

'This package is about making sure we maintain the dignity and the dignity of
those households that are feeding and carting water for their stock.

'Even though some areas of the New England electorate got a bit of rain
recently, these dry conditions are not over,' Mr Joyce said.

He said families in small business and on farms had power and phone bills to be
paid.

'And with no cash flow, any help would make a great deal of difference,' he
said.

The package includes:

-More generous criteria for accessing income support will be made available to
farmers from 3 March 2014 instead of 1 July 2014.

-Drought Concessional Loans totalling $280 million will be allocated to give
eligible farm businesses the resources to recover from the effects of drought.

-To assist drought affected farms to access water, $12 million will be added to
existing emergency water infrastructure schemes, including supplementing those
in NSW and Queensland.

-$10 million in assistance will be available for pest management in drought
affected areas.

-$10.7 million will help increase access to social and mental health services in
communities affected by this drought.

'I've been travelling extensively throughout the electorate in recent weeks
talking to New England constituents.'

 '(It was) about what they need to keep them going until it rains again.

'Farming is a very significant part of our economy and will play a critical role
in our economic future.

'We are introducing measures to offer financial, social and mental health
support,' he said.

'This is a government determined to stand by the people of Australia in good
times and bad.'

Mr Joyce said more than 6000 agricultural businesses in the New England
Electorate could benefit from the Federal Government announcement.

'This new package will assist impacted farm businesses and farm families to deal
with immediate financial pressures and improve their capacity to recover when
the rain finally comes,' Mr Joyce said.

'We are acting at the speed of 1000 gazelles.'

Mr Joyce said there are more than 4.6 million hectares of land mainly used for
agriculture in the New England electorate and a large proportion has been
impacted by the dry conditions.

'This package is about making sure we maintain the dignity of those households
that are feeding and carting water for their stock.

'Even though some areas of the New England electorate got a bit of rain
recently, these dry conditions are not over,' Mr Joyce said.

He said families in small business and on farms had power and phone bills to be
paid.

'And with no cash flow, any help would make a great deal of difference,' he
said.

The package includes:

-More generous criteria for accessing income support will be made available to
farmers from 3 March 2014 instead of 1 July 2014.

-Drought Concessional Loans totalling $280 million will be allocated to give
eligible farm businesses the resources to recover from the effects of drought.

-To assist drought affected farms to access water, $12 million will be added to
existing emergency water infrastructure schemes, including supplementing those
in NSW and Queensland.

-$10 million in assistance will be available for pest management in drought
affected areas.

-$10.7 million will help increase access to social and mental health services in
communities affected by this drought.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 29, 1989, Saturday, Tampa Edition

Farmers hit by freeze may get federal loans

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

BYLINE: JENNIFER ORSI

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - Gov. Bob Martinez requested Friday that federal    disaster loans
be made available to farmers in Hillsborough and four    other Florida counties
hardest hit with crop damage from February's    freeze.

     In a letter to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Clayton Yeutter,    Martinez
wrote that the Feb. 23-26 freeze severely damaged young    vegetable and
ornamental crops in Hillsborough, Charlotte, Flagler,    Putnam and St. Johns
counties.

     Demetrio Arredondo, a farmer and foreman at Bioterra Corp. farms in
Wimauma, said the loans could help him and many other farmers.

     "I guess anything would be helpful," he said. "We really don't    have the
yield (of tomatoes) that we're supposed to have, not even half    of it."

     Arredondo said the tomato crop is planted in three groups, and the
freeze wiped out the first of them. "We didn't have any backup plans    for it,"
he said.

     Farmers were taken by surprise because the freeze came so late in    the
season, he said. He couldn't estimate the farm's loss in dollars    but said he
would apply for a loan if they are made available.

     If federal officials agree to classify the five counties as    disaster
areas, local businesses and individuals can qualify for    low-interest
emergency loans from the Farmers Home Administration.

     In the five counties where damage was most severe, more than    660,000
acres experienced "severe damage and losses, causing economic    disaster for
nearly 3,500 farms," according to the governor's    statement.

 - Information from staff writer Jennifer Orsi was used in this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 24, 2005 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Technology; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: PRAIRIE Du CHIEN, Wis.


Field day scheduled near Prairie du Chien

The University of Wisconsin Extension Livestock Team will sponsor a field day at
4 p.m. Wednesday at Mill Coulee Angus, four miles north of Prairie du Chien on
Wisconsin 35.

The program will begin with a farm tour and a discussion of the breeding program
by farm owners Mark and Tracy Pedretti. Vance Haugen, Crawford County
agricultural agent, and Rhonda Gildersleeve, Iowa County agricultural agent,
will take the group out to look at the paddock layout and lead a discussion of
pasture management practices. Jeff Lehmkuhler, University of Wisconsin Extension
state beef specialist, will demonstrate proper Beef Quality Assurance
techniques.

Dinner will follow the program. There is a $10 fee.

Register by Monday by calling Dave Wachter, Grant County UW Extension, at
608/723-2125, or Rhonda Gildersleeve, Iowa County UW Extension, at 608/935-0391.

Candidates sought

MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin Farm Service Agency county offices are seeking farmers
to serve as candidates for the local County Committee elections to be held this
fall. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received by close of business in
local county Farm Service Agency offices by Aug. 1.

The Farm Service Agency administers federal agricultural production, farm loan,
conservation and emergency programs. Locally elected committees of farmers
and/or landowners oversee each office. The locally elected committee shoulders
primary responsibility for making national farm programs fit the needs and
situations faced by local farmers and bring local expertise and knowledge to the
agency's delivery of programs and services.

Nomination forms are available at local county offices.

Program aids area farm

MADISON, Wis. - An Iowa County farm was one of two businesses to share $120,000
in loans from the Department of Commerce Rural Economic Development Milk Volume
Production Program.

Gov. Jim Doyle made the announcement recently.

Stacey and Dawn Schmitz, of Mineral Point, received a $40,000 loan. They will
use the funds to purchase 80 cows and modernize their dairy operation. Program
funds will leverage an additional $396,939 in financing to complete the project.

All Wisconsin dairy producers, both existing and startup, are eligible to apply
for the MVP Program. Awards are made on a competitive basis. The RED Program,
administered by the Commerce Department, helps small rural businesses start up
and expand their operations. For more information on the programs, visit the
department online at www.commerce.wi.gov/BD/MT-FAX-0901.html.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 9, 1985 Friday

Ontario farmers to get   emergency assistance

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 421 words


Some Ontario farmers will be receiving $14,000 cheques in the mail this
 fall, courtesy of the provincial Government's latest emergency assistance
 program.

The $50-million program "will provide breathing space" for farmers and
 give them a chance to reorganize their businesses, provincial Agriculture
 Minister Jack Riddell said.

About 12,000 farmers are eligible for assistance, one-quarter of all
 the commercial farmers in the province. They will receive a one-time,
 lump-sum payment of up to $14,000 within one month of applying for help.

The program is officially called the Ontario Family Farm Interest Rate
 Reduction Program, but is usually referred to by the acronym, OFFIRR.

OFFIRR is the first step the new Liberal Government is taking to place
 the province's farmers back on their financial feet. Mr. Riddell has also
 set up a task force, which will look for a long-term solution to the
 industry's woes.

It will be under the chairmanship of Nancy Bardecki, director of the
 provincial Farm Assistance Programs Branch; she expects to release her
 interim report in November.

The OFFIRR grants are designed to provide temporary relief for the
 industry while it decides what action to take for the long term. Many
 farmers are suffering from the double blow of high interest rates and low
 commodity prices, and would benefit from temporary relief of this sort.

However, the province will not help those farmers who are so deep in
 debt that they cannot avoid failure.
    "The taxpayer can not be expected to pay for farmers who will go under
 any way," Mr. Riddell said.

Other safeguards make sure that these grants benefit the farmer, not
 the creditor, and will relieve the burden of existing debt, not encourage
 farmers to borrow more, he said.

The grants will be paid in the form of an interest rate subsidy. The
 province will pay any interest costs over 8 per cent on existing long-term
 loans. A farmer need only provide a statement giving his net worth, his
 taxable income and his budget for the next 12 months.

However, Mr. Riddell has placed a large number of restrictions on the
 grants - they will only apply to loans of less than $200,000; the
 applicant must have assets of less than $500,000; he must derive most of
 his income from the family farm and he must be economically viable.

The OFFIRR program was praised by Harry Pelissero, president of the  Ontario
Federation of Agriculture. "Farmers should take up his offer. It  is a good
first step of two or three steps, which are needed to put  agriculture back on
the rails."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

County to seek grants for new business

BYLINE: Janet Conner-Knox, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


March 05--Wilson County commissioners gave their approval to apply for three
grants to benefit International WoodFuels LLC's N.C. Rail Project.

Jennifer Lantz, executive director of the Wilson Economic Development Council,
came before commissioners asking for support.

The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) is valued at $384,000, the
Industrial Development Fund grant is worth $356,000 and the Rural Fund Grant
would bring in $160,000.

Matching dollars are not required for any of those grants, according to Ellis
Williford, Wilson County manager.

Although a public hearing was called for the CDBG grant, no residents came
forward to protest or speak in favor of the grant.

International WoodFuels LLC plans to build a wood pellet plant in Wilson County,
investing more than $60 million over a three-year period as part of the emerging
green technology.

The company will create 32 full-time jobs over a three-year period with the
300,000 metric ton-per-year plant.

A rail spur must be built to service the company.

SHELL BUILDING

Lantz also presented a letter to commissioners to sign on a different subject
matter.

Last month Lantz asked commissioners to give her a letter of support to build
the seventh shell building that will go up in Wilson Corporate Park.

Commissioners asked Lantz to bring a written copy of the letter she wanted
approved to the March meeting. They also told Lantz they wanted to be sure the
letter didn't obligate any county dollars.

"The board understands that half of the money will be borrowed with a repayment
term of three years. The board further understands that Wilson County Properties
Inc. will be requesting the remaining funds from the City of Wilson. All
payments necessary to service the debt during the three-year time period will be
paid by Wilson County Properties Inc. out of the loan proceeds," the letter
stated.

Shell buildings are used to lure businesses and spark economic development,
officials have said.

OTHER BUSINESS

Also appearing before the board for a public hearing was Emergency Management
Director Terry Barber.

Barber asked that the request for EMS providers who already serve the county
stay intact.

Those companies asking for renewals were Elm City Emergency Services Inc.,
Johnston Ambulance Service Inc., Stantonsburg EMS Inc., Tar Heel Medical
Transport, and Wilson County Rescue Squad Inc.

Commissioners voted for the renewals.

Mark Johnson, Wilson County planning and inspections director, asked for a
public hearing to develop an ordinance for solar farms wanting to locate in
Wilson County in April.

Johnson said he will recommend 10 specific standards for the solar farms.

Johnson said he will also include an additional requirement for noise.

The Sanoca Rural Fire District also plans to borrow $810,000 to consolidate some
loans that have a higher rate of interest and build a new fire station.

The April commissioners meeting will be held April 8 because of the Easter
holiday.

janet@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7847

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130305-ZW-County-to-seek-grants-for-new-business-0305-20130305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 21, 2010 Friday

Federal programs available for farmers with weather losses

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


May 21--Agriculture Commissioner Richie Farmer is telling Kentucky farmers that
they may be able to use federal relief programs to get help for farm-related
losses incurred from several weather since April 30.

"Kentucky farmers have lost thousands of acres of crops, and some had farm
equipment and fences damaged," he said in a news release.

"I want them to know they are not alone. There are several programs available
through the Farm Service Agency to assist them in their recovery."

Producers who suffered at least a 30 percent loss in crop production or
livestock products can apply for aid from the Emergency Loan Program.

Owner-operators or tenant operators of family farms can take advantage of a 3.75
percent interest rate to borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or
physical losses up to $500,000.

The Emergency Conservation Program provides cost-share assistance up to $200,000
when flood damage is so severe that rehabilitating the farmland is unlikely
without federal help.

ECP assists in debris removal, fence restoration, grading, shaping and
re-leveling as well as restoration of conservation structures. Conservation
problems existing prior to the recent flooding are ineligible.

The Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program provides benefits for crop losses,
including nursery and aquaculture, of at least 10 percent.

To be eligible for SURE payments, a producer is required to obtain crop
insurance on all crops of economic significance in all counties or, if crop
insurance is not available, to participate in the Non-Insured Assistance Program
except for grazed acreage.

The Livestock Indemnity Program compensates livestock owners and contract
growers for livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality. Participants
who apply for livestock deaths that are caused by disease are required to
provide documentation to support how the disease was accelerated or exacerbated
by adverse weather.

The Emergency Livestock Assistance Program provides compensation to eligible
producers of livestock, honey bees and farm-raised fish. ELAP is for losses not
covered by LIP or SURE, such as: feed losses, physical losses and additional
cost incurred in providing feed to eligible livestock.

The Tree Assistance Program provides assistance to commercial orchardists and
nursery tree growers who suffer deaths of trees (including nursery, ornamental,
fruit, nut or Christmas trees), bushes and vines in excess of 15 percent of
normal mortality.

For information about these programs, contact the Daviess County Farm Service
Agency at 684-9286.

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100521-OW-Federal-programs-available-for-farmers-with-weather-losses-0521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2010 Messenger-Inquirer


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 27, 1982 Saturday

More FCC loans needed to survive, farmers say

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 620 words


By  KEVIN COX
   The federal Government's emergency loan plan has helped 126 Ontario
 farmers since it was announced in November, but hundreds more need low
 interest rate loans to stay in business, according to Ontario farm
 leaders.

The farmers were found by the Farm Credit Corp. to be in "dire straits"
 and qualified for loans of up to $200,000 at 11.75 per cent interest.
 Final figures will be announced when the program ends next week.

Ontario got about $15-million of the $50-million allocated to the
 program, according to Stewart Given, FCC director for Ontario.

He said the FCC turned down about 70 farmers who didn't qualify, and
 several others got Small Business Development Bonds instead.

But Ron Jones, second vice-president of the Ontario Federation of
 Agriculture, said the number of farmers helped by the federal program is
 low compared with the number of farmers in financial difficulty because of
 low grain and livestock prices and high interest rates.
    "We said when this program came out that the little bit of money in the
 program would be used in one county," Mr. Jones, a Barrie area farmer,
 said in an interview. "This just confirms that point."
    He said farmers are looking to the federal Government for low-interest
 money to finance their seeding operations, which will begin in a few weeks
 in Southern Ontario.
    "If a farmer doesn't have his dollars in hand, he can't plan his
 cropping. There may be some barren fields this spring," he said.

Mr. Jones said few applications have been processed through the $60-m
 illion Ontario Farm Adjustment Program and farmers can't wait for the
 civil servants to decide on loan guarantees and interest rate reductions.

A spokesman for the provincial program said about 10 farmers a day are
 processed for it, although he didn't know exactly how many producers it
 has helped.

Mr. Given said the number of farmers applying for FCC financing at
 16.75 per cent interest is about half what it was at this time last year.

He said that some farmers don't apply for the money because they have
 to pay interest rates that are almost as high as those charged by the
 chartered banks.
    "Last year when we were lending at 14 per cent, the bank rate was 18
 per cent, so our loans were attractive. Now our loans are at 16.75 and the
 bank loans are about 17 or 18 per cent, so the demand is less," he said.

Ronald White, a London area OFA vice-president, said FCC has to lower
 its interest rates so farmers faced with low commodity prices can arrange
 refinancing and hope to break even.
    "These are not the kind of rates that farmers can refinance at," Mr.
 White said. He added that farm groups have been asking the federal
 Government to put $1-billion into FCC to support agriculture with low-
 interest loans.

Mr. White said many grain and corn farmers are losing money selling
 crops that are as much as $1 a bushel below last year's price.
    "Farmers need to borrow money to plant crops and it's a crazy world out
 here. No good farmer wants to see land go idle, so he'll probably plant a
 crop knowing he's going to lose on it."
    Federal Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan has told the groups that he
 wants to change federal legislation so private lending can be used for
 FCC, as well as the current $430-million allocated to FCC coffers from the
 Government in the fiscal year 1982-83.

The bill to allow private money to participate in FCC is now before the
 House of Commons for third reading.

Paul Babey, vice-chairman of FCC, said the federal Government's
 allocation won't come close to meeting demand.
    "The demand is away beyond the funds we have available; but we have to
 hope there will be an  injection of funds later on this year when the
 legislation passes," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

NIAGARA NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 478 words


SNOWSTORM

Disaster designations OK'd for farmers in WNY counties

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Wednesday approved disaster
designations for seven Western New York counties where farmers suffered great
damage during and after last month's lake-effect snowstorm.

The declaration means farmers in those counties will be eligible for USDA
emergency loans if they suffered severe crop, livestock or business losses
because of the storm.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the disaster declaration for Erie,
Niagara, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Orleans and Wyoming counties.

Farmers in these eligible counties will have eight months from the date of the
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. In addition, farmers with
current Farm Service Agency loans who have trouble making payments because of
the storm can get one of their payments set aside.

Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand, both New York Democrats,
announced the disaster declaration along with Reps. Brian Higgins, D-Buffalo,
and Chris Collins, R-Clarence.

buffalo diocese

27th annual collection set for aid to religious retiress

The Diocese of Buffalo will participate in the 27th annual collection for the
Retirement Fund for Religious on Saturday and Sunday.

Donations at the parish level will benefit more than 35,000 senior Catholic
sisters, brothers and religious order priests. In 2013, more than $28 million
was raised nationally and $848,000, locally. For more information and to donate
online, visit www.shareinthecare.org.

Buffalo

$1 million project to close History Museum for 2 weeks

The Buffalo History Museum will close from Dec. 31 to Jan. 14 to make nearly $1
million in electrical updates provided by the City of Buffalo.

As the project continues, the Street of Shops and Rotary Train Gallery in the
lower level of the museum will remain closed through the month of January. The
museum also will not be wheelchair-accessible during this time.

university at buffalo

Quake's link to loud booms receives geological credibility

About a week after a small earthquake shook Lockport about the same time loud
booms rattled windows in the area, a University at Buffalo geologist said both
events "may be" related.

Robert Jacobi, a professor emeritus and a consultant, reported to UB's science
information office that the type of boom heard near Lockport is sometimes
connected to "frost earthquakes" - known as cryoseisms, when a tremor occurs to
release surface stress. Earthquake "swarms" also can generate some noise.

Jacobi continued: "In this case the cluster of reported booms and timing close
to the acknowledged seismic event could mean they represent small rock ruptures
associated in a general way to the (quake)."

Also, Jacobi said he and other scientists with whom he consulted believe the
noise probably wasn't thunder or the sound of cave roofs collapsing.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 478 words


SNOWSTORM

Disaster designations OK'd for farmers in WNY counties

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Wednesday approved disaster
designations for seven Western New York counties where farmers suffered great
damage during and after last month's lake-effect snowstorm.

The declaration means farmers in those counties will be eligible for USDA
emergency loans if they suffered severe crop, livestock or business losses
because of the storm.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the disaster declaration for Erie,
Niagara, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Orleans and Wyoming counties.

Farmers in these eligible counties will have eight months from the date of the
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. In addition, farmers with
current Farm Service Agency loans who have trouble making payments because of
the storm can get one of their payments set aside.

Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand, both New York Democrats,
announced the disaster declaration along with Reps. Brian Higgins, D-Buffalo,
and Chris Collins, R-Clarence.

buffalo diocese

27th annual collection set for aid to religious retiress

The Diocese of Buffalo will participate in the 27th annual collection for the
Retirement Fund for Religious on Saturday and Sunday.

Donations at the parish level will benefit more than 35,000 senior Catholic
sisters, brothers and religious order priests. In 2013, more than $28 million
was raised nationally and $848,000, locally. For more information and to donate
online, visit www.shareinthecare.org.

Buffalo

$1 million project to close History Museum for 2 weeks

The Buffalo History Museum will close from Dec. 31 to Jan. 14 to make nearly $1
million in electrical updates provided by the City of Buffalo.

As the project continues, the Street of Shops and Rotary Train Gallery in the
lower level of the museum will remain closed through the month of January. The
museum also will not be wheelchair-accessible during this time.

university at buffalo

Quake's link to loud booms receives geological credibility

About a week after a small earthquake shook Lockport about the same time loud
booms rattled windows in the area, a University at Buffalo geologist said both
events "may be" related.

Robert Jacobi, a professor emeritus and a consultant, reported to UB's science
information office that the type of boom heard near Lockport is sometimes
connected to "frost earthquakes" - known as cryoseisms, when a tremor occurs to
release surface stress. Earthquake "swarms" also can generate some noise.

Jacobi continued: "In this case the cluster of reported booms and timing close
to the acknowledged seismic event could mean they represent small rock ruptures
associated in a general way to the (quake)."

Also, Jacobi said he and other scientists with whom he consulted believe the
noise probably wasn't thunder or the sound of cave roofs collapsing.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 478 words


SNOWSTORM

Disaster designations OK'd for farmers in WNY counties

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Wednesday approved disaster
designations for seven Western New York counties where farmers suffered great
damage during and after last month's lake-effect snowstorm.

The declaration means farmers in those counties will be eligible for USDA
emergency loans if they suffered severe crop, livestock or business losses
because of the storm.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the disaster declaration for Erie,
Niagara, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Orleans and Wyoming counties.

Farmers in these eligible counties will have eight months from the date of the
disaster declaration to apply for emergency loans. In addition, farmers with
current Farm Service Agency loans who have trouble making payments because of
the storm can get one of their payments set aside.

Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand, both New York Democrats,
announced the disaster declaration along with Reps. Brian Higgins, D-Buffalo,
and Chris Collins, R-Clarence.

buffalo diocese

27th annual collection set for aid to religious retiress

The Diocese of Buffalo will participate in the 27th annual collection for the
Retirement Fund for Religious on Saturday and Sunday.

Donations at the parish level will benefit more than 35,000 senior Catholic
sisters, brothers and religious order priests. In 2013, more than $28 million
was raised nationally and $848,000, locally. For more information and to donate
online, visit www.shareinthecare.org.

Buffalo

$1 million project to close History Museum for 2 weeks

The Buffalo History Museum will close from Dec. 31 to Jan. 14 to make nearly $1
million in electrical updates provided by the City of Buffalo.

As the project continues, the Street of Shops and Rotary Train Gallery in the
lower level of the museum will remain closed through the month of January. The
museum also will not be wheelchair-accessible during this time.

university at buffalo

Possible link to loud booms receives geological credibility

About a week after a small earthquake shook Lockport about the same time loud
booms rattled windows in the area, a University at Buffalo geologist said both
events "may be" related.

Robert Jacobi, a professor emeritus and a consultant, reported to UB's science
information office that the type of boom heard near Lockport is sometimes
connected to "frost earthquakes" - known as cryoseisms, when a tremor occurs to
release surface stress. Earthquake "swarms" also can generate some noise.

Jacobi continued: "In this case the cluster of reported booms and timing close
to the acknowledged seismic event could mean they represent small rock ruptures
associated in a general way to the (quake)."

Also, Jacobi said he and other scientists with whom he consulted believe the
noise probably wasn't thunder or the sound of cave roofs collapsing.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 16, 1983 Wednesday

Farm aid inadequate, group says

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 522 words


By  KEVIN COX
   The $80-million in emergency financial aid the Ontario Government has
 given to farmers in the past three years has fallen far short of the
 amount needed to keep many producers in business, the Ontario Federation
 of Agriculture says.

"Although these dollar amounts may seem substantial when compared with
assistance in previous years, they are very insufficient in relation to  the
financial crisis in the industry," the 25,000-member federation said  in
Kitchener yesterday in a pre-budget brief to Ontario Treasurer Frank  Miller.

Ralph Barrie, president of the federation, said that as many as 300
 farmers will declare bankruptcy this year, compared with 170 last year.

The federation's brief says that low beef and grain prices have left
 many farmers in severe financial difficulty, with corn producers losing
 about $250-million in the past two years.

Although prime interest rates have dropped to 11 per cent, the
 federation said, some farmers still have to pay 18 to 20 per cent on loans
 from farm supply companies because "the banks have slammed the doors on
 these farmers."
    The brief calls for interest rate subsidies down to 8 per cent on loans
 under the provincial assistance plan. The plan, which cost the province
 $17-million last year, subsidizes interest rates to 12 per cent.

The brief also attacks the Ontario Farm Adjustment Assistance Plan of
 loan guarantees and interest rate reductions because it will not offer aid
 to many farmers who own less than 10 per cent of their operation.
    "New types of programs, including imaginative debt restructuring, would
 be needed if many of these farm businesses are to be rescued from
 bankruptcy."
    The federation asked for $150,000 to run a program offering financial
 counselling to farmers having money problems.

Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell defended the aid program, saying
 it has helped 4,000 farmers with loan guarantees and interest rate
 reductions.

Mr. Timbrell told reporters he understood that some farmers are in a
 desperate financial position, but he doesn't approve of a hunger strike
 being staged by Allan Wilford, head of the Canadian Farmers Survival
 Association.
    "I don't think it's necessary to go to these extremes, to risk one's
 life just to get publicity for this."
    Mr. Wilford appears in court today on a theft charge. He has refused to
 eat in a Stratford jail for the past seven days, demanding that the
 federal Government pass legislation to protect farmers from foreclosure.

Meanhwile, in Ottawa, Progressive Conservative MPs balked at hasty
 approval of a federal Government plan for the private member's bill of
 Liberal Ralph Ferguson to protect farmers facing bankruptcy.

Government House Leader Yvon Pinard told the House of Commons that he
 made a proposal to the House leaders of the opposition parties to deal
 with the bill.

New Democratic Party House Leader Ian Deans said outside the Commons
 that he is prepared to act on the idea, but Tory House Leader Douglas
 Lewis said he wants to discuss it with his colleagues at the weekly caucus
 meeting today.

None of the House leaders would provide details of the proposal.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

Bingaman: N.M. counties eligible for drought disaster aid

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News For the Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 133 words


WASHINGTON - U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman today announced that several New Mexico
counties have been declared eligible for disaster assistance due to their
proximity to Texas counties, which were declared disaster areas due to
continuing drought.

As a result of the declaration, farmers and ranchers in Dona Ana, Lea, Otero,
Curry, Quay, Roosevelt and Union counties are now eligible to be considered for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency, which is part of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"The drought is having a terrible affect on New Mexico's agricultural sector.c
I'm glad several New Mexico counties are now eligible for USDA loan assistance,"
Bingaman said.

For more information or to determine eligibility for a low interest loan contact
the local USDA Farm Service Center.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday
                              SUN REGIONAL Edition

Growing anxiety as planting nears

BYLINE: Alison Noon and Joey Bunch

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1209 words


With Colorado's spring planting just weeks away, this year's early crops are
threatened by a shortage of water after last year's late crops drowned in it.
The slow response of government agencies tasked to help is proving to be a heavy
weight on farmers and ranchers who say they are sinking fast.

Farms and ranches closest to the rivers took the brunt of September's historic
floods, but a far larger region will pay a much heavier price this year if
irrigation ditches that water fields and pastures in northeastern Colorado
aren't repaired in a hurry and federal agencies and crop insurers don't start
writing checks.

The problem isn't so much the money as it is the time it takes a large
bureaucracy to get it to them, agreed farmers, ranchers and the overseers of the
funds.

"The problem is getting all this back online before the start of the growing
season," deputy state agriculture commissioner Ron Carleton said of the
irrigation network that was blown apart by the raging waters. "And there's not a
lot of time left."

Federal agriculture agencies say they expect to award emergency aid to eligible
Colorado applicants in a month or two, possibly longer.

U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency spokeswoman Isabel Benemelis
said enough money should eventually be available for each of the 236 farmers and
ranchers who have applied for the agency's most popular vehicle for disaster
aid, the Emergency Conservation Program.

But applications still are under review at county offices, and as of last week,
no checks had been sent, she said.

The Farm Service Agency's emergency loans, too, are still pending.

The USDA also oversees crop insurance, but the division spokeswoman said
information about claims or payouts aren't made public, although some Colorado
farmers say they're waiting on those checks to plant this year's crops.

With a major chunk of a year's income in the balance, two more months is too
long to wait for farmers looking to plant in March and ranchers racking up bills
with no word on reimbursements.

"I don't know what the delay is," said Don Jones, who months ago sent in
applications for government help for five farms and ranches he manages in Weld
and Morgan counties. "This has been a messy event, and it's got to be taken care
of as soon as possible."

More than 17 inches of rain fell in some locations between Sept. 11 and 14,
inundating 92,614 acres in 24 counties. Of that, 28,525 acres were cropland, and
about 39,000 acres were pasture, according to an assessment by Colorado State
University researchers.

Water flooded 18,033 acres of hay and alfalfa, 8,646 acres of corn and 500 acres
of sugar beets. CSU estimated 100 percent of the beets, 29 percent to 40 percent
of the corn and 14 percent to 19 percent of the alfalfa was ruined.

CSU estimated total crop losses ranging from $3.4 million to $5.5 million . The
tally doesn't include damage to fences, irrigation systems, farm buildings and
machinery, and losses logged by small food crop farmers.

Farms, ranches go it alone

Some farmers and ranchers who need government help are opting out of it but at a
high cost.

Jon Flack has paid about $1,800 a month to rent land for his cattle to graze
since the South Platte River flowed 6 feet deep across his pasture northwest of
Kersey, washing away fences and ruining $30,000 worth of hay.

"It was a good portion of my winter feed," he said. "So thank goodness I found
some (grassland) available to rent, that I had to fence, and moved them there."

Flack saved 120 head of cattle as he and three ranching neighbors herded their
livestock to a hill near the confluence of the South Platte and Cache la Poudre
rivers.

Now he needs to get his cattle back home before more than 100 calves are born,
some arriving as soon as next month, and he is in a race to get the fences back
up.

Flack resisted the government's help because he didn't think it was wise to
borrow money right now and he was unsure if he could qualify.

Farms and ranches weren't eligible for the first wave of help from the Federal
Emergency Management Administration and U.S. Small Business Administration
programs aimed at homes, brick and mortar businesses and public infrastructure.

As of this week, federal aid for those needs totaled $242.2 million, said Kevin
Klein, director of the state's Division of Homeland Security and Emergency
Management.

Klein said that money is aimed at making homes, businesses and public services
safe and sound. Checks began arriving as soon as two days after some people
applied, he said.

"You have to be fast," Klein said. "You can't sit around and wait for an
oversized bureaucracy to decide some subtle something or another; we're talking
about health and safety."

But the troubles that ag operations face also are immediate, economists said.

An estimated 20 million gallons of untreated sewage was released during the
flood, along with 200 million gallons of treated or partially treated
wastewater. Much of it, however, was pushed on to Nebraska by the fast flowing
South Platte, and no significant contamination has yet been detected.

Some owners are dealing with silting on farm and pasture, but only a narrow
strip closest to rivers, said Carleton.

"The land itself, I think, is going to be fine," he said.

Colorado State University professor and agricultural economist Stephen Koontz
said the effect of flooding isn't close to that of the droughts that dogged
Colorado in 2012 and 2013.

"I think the price impacts are done," Koontz said. "What price increases we have
on silage and food won't be because of the floods."

Looming water crisis

But the bill is huge for damage to irrigation ditches, dams and headgates. The
system nourishes tens of thousands of acres of cropland that weren't directly
hit by the flood.

The state has estimated $62 million in damage to farming ditches.

If repairs aren't completed by early March and some surely won't make the
deadline large swaths of land may go without water needed to make a crop,
several state and local authorities said.

"Our biggest fear at this point is that there's going to be plenty of water this
spring, but are we going to be able to get it to the fields?" said Brian Werner,
spokesman for the Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District, which serves 120
ditch companies in northeast Colorado.

Werner said most ditch companies are owned by groups of farmers who depend on
them, and most of those partnerships have little or no money above their
normally minimal operating costs.

"They've never had to take on this kind of situation," he said.

Ken Bohl, superintendent of two ditch companies in Fort Morgan and Orchard,
expected to pony up hundreds of thousands of dollars to get his systems
restored.

Now nearly 70 percent done with repairs, Bohl said he could hardly remember what
aid his office manager had asked state and federal agencies for this fall. He
said he needed to act quickly and couldn't wait for government response.

Though the state is now offering some loans and grants to ditch companies,
federal sources have not, unless the projects were linked to municipalities or
other public shareholders.

"We're the last on the totem pole to receive funds," Bohl said, "if they have
enough."

Alison Noon: 303 954 1223, anoon@denverpost.com or twitter.com/alisonnoon

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 1, 2011 Saturday

FEMA extends application deadline for disaster assistance

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1769 words


Saturday October 1, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- The deadline has been extended for public assistance disaster
fund applications. Cities and towns in Vermont have an extra 16 days to apply
for federal disaster assistance to help repair damage caused by Tropical Storm
Irene.

The new deadline for communities to apply is now Oct. 17. The deadline for
individuals to apply for individual assistance is Oct. 31.

However, Federal Emergency Management Agency centers are now closed on Sundays.
Locally, FEMA is open at Living Memorial Park in Brattleboro and at the Town
Hall in Dover, Monday through Saturday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.

It is not necessary for Vermonters affected by Tropical Storm Irene to visit a
center in order to receive disaster assistance. In fact, people with
storm-related losses are encouraged to register with FEMA before visiting a
center by calling 800-621-FEMA (3362), or visiting DisasterAssistance.gov .

Wilmington Town Clerk's Office update

The Wilmington Town Clerk's office is now at full operational status and can be
found at the former Rite Aid space next to Shaw's Supermarket on Route 9 East,
about one half-mile east of the former Town Hall.

For more information, call 802-464-5836 or e-mail wilmclrk@sover.net or
wilmatc@sover.net .

The Town Clerk's Office extended its thanks to the many volunteers who helped it
throughout its emergency and relocation.

ANR to shift focus

The Vermont Agency of Natural Resources announced that staff will begin the
shift from an exclusive focus on emergency response to working with
municipalities, businesses and homeowners to maximize the long- term
effectiveness of our state's flood recovery work.

"The first phase of the disaster response primarily involved emergency river
work that would enable Vermonters to get back to their homes and businesses,"
said Vermont Agency of Natural Resources Secretary Deb Markowitz. "The work of
opening up travel routes remains critical to public health and safety and our
economy, so we are still involved in emergency efforts to allow these repairs,
but now is the time to prepare for the floods that will come with melting snow
and spring rains."

Although ANR has expedited road repairs and river work, noted Markowitz, it is
important to remember that the environmental protections that protect the
state's streams are not suspended during flood recovery.

"With permission from our River Management Engineers, emergency and recovery
in-stream work will proceed, and we will continue to do everything in our power
to expedite the process," she said.

The Department of Environmental Conservation's Rivers Program will assist
landowners, municipalities, and other agencies as they conduct emergency and
long-term recovery work. DEC staff will ensure that rebuilding occurs in the
best possible way in order to minimize loss in the next flood.

At the discretion of the DEC River Management Engineer, three levels of
authorization to conduct stream alterations will be used:

-- Expedited assistance and approvals. DEC Rivers Program staff will use its
emergency authorities, general permit process and expedited written and verbal
approvals to address emergency situations that still exist as a result of the
flood (i.e., necessary to avoid imminent danger to private and public property).

-- Documented guidance and approvals. DEC Rivers Program will use its emergency
authorities and general permit processes to expedite written approvals or
signoffs of stream alterations, related to the flood, but not deemed to be an
emergency. The Rivers Program will not authorize this category of work using
purely verbal approvals. These signoffs will also serve the purpose of
documenting the compliance with state laws necessary to secure state and federal
grants and reimbursement for flood recovery work.

-- Stream Alteration Permits. DEC Rivers Program will use its stream alteration
general permit and individual permit authority to issue written permits for
activities unrelated to the current flood disaster recovery effort, not
including those activities that may already proceed as non-reporting activities
under the State Stream Alteration General Permit (
http://www.anr.state.vt.us/dec/waterq/rivers.htm ). Emergency authorities will
not be applied in these circumstances and verbal approvals will not be provided.

Some practices can contribute to damage caused by flood erosion and inundation
and permits will be required from the DEC Rivers Program or municipality prior
to the use of these techniques. They include berming, excavating and
rechanneling streams, creating new straightened river channels and
reconstructing streambanks and/or roadway embankments.

Academy School Garden benefits l
ocal farm flood relief

Orly Hasbani's third-grade class came up with the generous idea to have a
mini-farmers market to raise money to help community farmers affected by
hurricane Irene's flooding. This idea came to fruition at Welcome Back Night on
Sept. 20 through the joint efforts of students and teachers and a bounty of
produce from the school garden. From the charitable donations of all at the
event $116.60 was raised for the Vermont Community Foundation's Farm Disaster
Relief Fund.

At the farm stand, students sold green and purple and yellow beans, carrot
muffins, peppers, acorn squash, broccoli, chard, tomatoes, celery and flowers.

Housing task force

Governor Peter Shumlin has activated an Irene Housing Task Force to work with
FEMA to develop a short- and long-term housing recovery plan. The group is
charged with first identifying everyone who needs housing, and matching them
with available rental housing, or other long-term solutions. The goal is to find
everyone in need a safe, warm place to live this winter and until each can find
new permanent housing or repair a damaged home.

In order to reach this goal, The Irene Housing Task Force urges anyone displaced
from their home and needing help finding housing now, or may in the weeks and
months to come, to register with FEMA. The number is 1-800-621-3362 (1-800-FEMA)
or visit www.disasterassistance.gov .

The Irene Housing Task Force is working with FEMA on identifying every available
unit in the state.

All individuals affected by the storm should take the time to register, even if
they are unsure that they qualify, for grant or loan assistance. Registering
with FEMA will also allow Vermonters to access possible resources in the event
that their living situation changes at any time before they find permanent
housing.

The Housing Task Force is working to keep families within or close to their
communities to help maintain as much normalcy as possible. Making sure children
are able to stay in their school and keeping people close to their place of work
are top priorities.

The IHTF is asking everyone who has rental housing available to contact FEMA at
866-330-5286 so they and FEMA can match people with available units. FEMA also
has a Rental Rehabilitation program that provides funding for owners of
multi-family properties that are interested in making rentals available to
individuals displaced by Tropical Storm Irene. If you have such a property,
contact FEMA at Christian.Oakes@dhs.gov . Information can also be faxed to
540-686-4467.

Sonnax employees donate to relief fund

In the aftermath of Hurricane Irene, employees of Sonnax Industries of Bellows
Falls were looking for ways to help. Like many others in Vermont and New
Hampshire, they had been directly affected by this tragedy or had friends and
neighbors who were.

Sonnax CEO Tommy Harmon issued the following challenge to employees: Donate
money for the Red Cross of Vermont and New Hampshire and the Vermont Food Bank,
and the company would match employees' contributions, dollar for dollar, up to
$5,000. In addition, Harmon and Sonnax board member Rick Fritz personally vowed
to match contributions, creating $4 of disaster relief for every dollar pledged
by Sonnax employees.

In addition to the need for monetary donations, helping hands were sought to
help victims dig out from the devastation. To encourage employees to volunteer
for this effort, Sonnax agreed to pay them for up to eight hours of time spent
volunteering in the disaster relief effort during their regular work hours.

As has become the tradition when Sonnax campaigns to raise money for charitable
causes, Maintenance Technician Steve Cheeney prepared one of his famous
spaghetti lunches. Cheeney grows the vegetables and does the cooking for these
spaghetti fundraisers, and Sonnax employees once again gladly lined up to donate
and enjoy the treat, raising a record $778 in just a few short hours.

The final tally? Sonnax employees raised $5,093. With the matching pledges from
Harmon and Fritz, plus the company contribution, a total of $20,093 was donated
to the Red Cross of Vermont and New Hampshire and the Vermont Food Bank.

'Bare it all' flood relief

Abbot's Glen, a clothing optional inn and campground in Halifax, is hosting a
"Bare it all" benefit on Saturday, Oct. 1, starting at 6 p.m. with a potluck
supper. Music by the Reprobates follows dinner from 7 to 10 p.m. The cost is $30
per person or per couple. Admission for those bringing a potluck contribution is
$25. Guests may arrive after noon on Saturday, but reservations are required.
Call 802-368-2525.

Help for women farmers

The Vermont Farm Women's Fund is awarding grants of up to $750 to help women
farmers whose agricultural enterprises were affected by Tropical Storm Irene or
the severe storms in May.

Applications are due Nov. 8 and can be found at www.uvm.edu/ ~vfwf. Or e-mail
vfwf@uvm.edu or call Lindsay Jones at (802) 751-8310, ext. 357.

Flood funds may be requested only for needs and services not covered by grants
and loans from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Farm Services Agency, U.S. Small Business Administration, the
Vermont Farm Viability Enhancement Program, Vermont Economic Development
Authority and other state and national agencies and organizations.

VFWF funds may be used for, although are not limited to, business planning,
legal and marketing services, costs associated with hiring replacement labor,
technical assistance for facility redesign and similar expenses. In addition,
funds may be used to modify or create a business plan based on the effects of
the flooding or a farm emergency plan to protect against future natural
disasters.

The money may not go towards capital improvements at the farm or business,
building projects, to pay off debts or for purchase of farm equipment, seeds or
livestock.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com , or at 802-254-2311, ext.
160.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     August 1, 1986, Friday, FINAL EDITION

20,000 Bolivians protest drive to cut cocaine trade

BYLINE: (REUTER)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F13

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: LA PAZ, Bolivia


   LA PAZ (Reuter) - More than 20,000 Bolivian peasants yesterday protested the
use of American troops in a police drive to stamp out the cocaine trade, the
major source of their livelihood.

The peasants, who grow coca leaves, the raw material for cocaine, arrived in the
main square of the city of Cochabamba in bus and truck convoys to hear speakers
condemn what they branded as "the U.S. military intervention."

One labor leader urged the crowd to back the leftist unions' demands that the
government expel the troops, labor sources said.

The 170 U.S. soldiers, backed by six Black Hawk helicopters, are supporting a
police sweep which has dismantled three cocaine laboratories and brought
trafficking to a standstill, Interior Ministry officials said.

Bolivia grows nearly half the coca leaf for the world's cocaine, bringing
hundreds of millions of dollars a year into the economy, according to narcotics
experts.

Emergency loan

Most of the peasants who massed in Cochabamba, 240 kilometres (150 miles) east
of La Paz, were from the Chapare area, which officials say accounts for about 80
per cent of the crop.

The crackdown has cut the influx of foreign currency, according to Bolivia's
ambassador in Washington, Fernando Illanes. Yesterday, he appealed to the United
States for an emergency $100 million loan.

He said Bolivia's dollar reserves could be exhausted in less than two months
because of the drug crackdown. Demand for dollars at the central bank more than
tripled after the operation began, he said.

In La Paz, leading leftist unionists and politicians founded a "junta for
national sovereignty" to press for the withdrawal of the U.S. troops.

The group said the United States might spray the coca plants with defoliants
like those it used in Viet Nam, but the U.S. embassy in La Paz said the U.S.
troops, who arrived in mid-July, did not bring any such chemicals.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 12, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

A Disaster in the Making

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 222 words


Planned cuts in federal emergency management [news story, May 8] raise real
concerns for me. We lost our house in eastern North Carolina and everything in
it as a result of Hurricane Floyd in September 1999.

The Tar River flooded its banks, raced down the levees and left our neighborhood
in a fishbowl of pig-farm runoff and rain.

A neighbor in a canoe picked up my husband and son from the roof. The idea that
levees and dams can always keep nature at bay is faulty. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) gave us funds for temporary housing, and the Small
Business Administration (SBA) started the paperwork for a low-interest housing
loan. My family moved from North Carolina, and the SBA loan allowed us to buy a
house in Northern Virginia. FEMA coordinated the buyout program with North
Carolina to allow those of us whose houses exceeded the set amount to be repaid
with state help.

If the feredal government cuts its commitment to disaster management funds, I
fear that people stuck in our position would be just that -- stuck, with no way
out.

To know that the government responded so well from so many different directions
makes one feel both reassured and proud of the country. Our neighbors are moving
on, our houses are being purchased and dismantled, and our lives are beginning
again.

LIZ SMITH

Fairfax

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 7, 2013 Tuesday

FSA committed to service, despite consolidation

BYLINE: Sarah Brown, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


May 07--Many farmers were affected when the United States Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) in Creston closed its doors Sept. 28,
2012.

"We were forced to cut our budget," said Adams/Union County FSA Executive
Director Mike Praska. "The response has been mixed."

Since the consolidation of two Union County offices, Praska said the main
complaint from clients is the drive to the new FSA location, 2243 Loomis Ave.,
in Corning.

"Once they are there, they are receiving the same quality service," said Praska.
"A lot can be done now online or by fax. We are trying everything we can to
alleviate any inconvenience the consolidation may have caused."

The need to consolidate

The Federal agency, which offers services such as farm operating loans,
emergency loans, micro-operating loans and loans to minorities, women and rural
teens, closed 125 offices nationwide as a result of widespread reductions made
by Congress.

In a letter to FSA stakeholders, Iowa Farm Service Agency state Executive
Director John R. Whitaker said the agency has been forced to reduce
discretionary administrative expenses for travel, postage and other supplies by
more than 30 percent in the past fiscal year.

Praska said he does not know what the actual cost savings is as of yet, but the
FSA has already saved on employees, equipment and rental space.

Even though Whitaker's letter said all workers in a consolidated county office
would be offered employment options by the FSA, some of the cost-savings
happened through attrition, as some employees retired.

Criteria

In deciding which offices would be consolidated, the USDA followed Congressional
direction under the 2008 Farm Bill.

"The only criteria was the office had to have two or fewer fulltime employees
and had to be within 20 miles of another center," said Praska.

Praska said he understands the change is difficult for the farmers, but they
will recieve the same service from the same people -- just in a different
location.

For additional information, visit http://offices.sc.gov.usda.gov.

___ (c)2013 the Creston News Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) Visit the Creston News
Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) at www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130507-IK-FSA-committed-to-service-despite-consolidation-0507-20130507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                   Copyright 2013 The Creston News Advertiser


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: CRAMER: Continuing Resolution Funds Government Through April,
Addresses Farm Loan Backlog

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kevin Cramer has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Kevin Cramer announced  the Fiscal Year 2017 Continuing Resolution
passed by the House of Representatives today includes language giving the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) more authority over funding loan programs.





 The $1.07 trillion bill continues funding the government through April 28,
maintaining funding at the current budget cap levels. "This bill prevents a
government shutdown on Friday, and includes provisions to continue essential
government operations, including national defense," said Cramer.



 The bill's USDA loan provision allows the agency to make loans to farmers and
ranchers in proportion to demand, ensuring it can offer credit to producers when
demand for loans peak.  "This will prevent a recurrence of the situation
encountered this year where USDA faced a loan application backlog when it ran
out of funds for its direct and guaranteed operating loans," he said. "Our
farmers and producers need to know they can move into this next production year
having loan options available to them, should they need them, and they almost
certainly will need them. Once we get past this we have got to work on the next
farm bill modernizing the loan program so it's set up to meet contemporary
agriculture issues and demands for capital."



 The legislation also includes a provision relating to hours of service rules
for truck drivers.  It requires the Department of Transportation (DOT) to follow
the existing 34-hour restart rule for truckers to ensure continuity in federal
rest regulations.  The Obama Administration issued new rest requirements that
are not yet final, pending a Congressionally mandated report from DOT
demonstrating the new rule's effectiveness by meeting certain benchmarks.



 Language in the bill also streamlines the process for confirming General James
Mattis as the Secretary of Defense in the Trump Administration. The bill
expedites consideration of legislation providing an exception to the prohibition
against appointing a Secretary of Defense who was on active duty within the last
seven years.  Mattis retired in 2013.



 Highlights of the FY2017 Continuing Resolution include:



 ·         Provides funding for the federal government through April 28, 2017 at
a rate of $1.070 trillion



 ·         Includes total defense funding level is $8 billion higher than the
current Continuing Resolution



     $5.8 billion for Department of Defense Overseas Contingency Operations

     $4.3 billion for State Department/USAID Overseas Contingency Operations,
which is below the President's request

     Funding to support counterterrorism, counter Russian aggression, and
provide embassy security



 ·         Includes $4.1 billion to help families and communities rebuild and
recover from recent flooding



 o   $1.8 billion for Community Development Block Grants



 o   $1.025 billion to repair damaged Corps of Engineers projects



 o   $1 billion for emergency relief through the Federal Highway Administration



 o   $206 million for Department of Agriculture watershed protection programs



 o   $74.7 million to repair damaged NASA facilities



 ·      Supports the 21st Century Cures Act with $872 million in funding - $20
million for the Food and Drug Administration, $352 million for the National
Institutes of Health, and $500 million for states to continue to respond to the
opioid epidemic



 ·        Provides $170 million in discretionary (fully offset) spending for
states dealing with drinking water emergencies, like the current situation in
Flint, Michigan



 ·        Continues policies contained in existing appropriations law, including
pro-life riders and prohibitions on transfers from Guantanamo Bay or its closure




 ·        Includes a provision to provide $45 million, fully offset, for
continued health care benefits for certain retired miners under the United Mine
Workers Association 1993 Benefit Plan. This is necessary to prevent the loss of
health care coverage for these miners and their families, scheduled to expire on
Dec. 31.



 ·        Does not include an anomaly providing funding for the resettlement of
Syrian refugees



 ·        Provides additional funding, if needed, for the housing and care of
Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) after February 1, 2017. This will allow the
new President to decide on obligation of funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: CRAMER: Continuing Resolution Funds Government Through April,
Addresses Farm Loan Backlog

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kevin Cramer has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Kevin Cramer announced  the Fiscal Year 2017 Continuing Resolution
passed by the House of Representatives today includes language giving the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) more authority over funding loan programs.





 The $1.07 trillion bill continues funding the government through April 28,
maintaining funding at the current budget cap levels. "This bill prevents a
government shutdown on Friday, and includes provisions to continue essential
government operations, including national defense," said Cramer.



 The bill's USDA loan provision allows the agency to make loans to farmers and
ranchers in proportion to demand, ensuring it can offer credit to producers when
demand for loans peak.  "This will prevent a recurrence of the situation
encountered this year where USDA faced a loan application backlog when it ran
out of funds for its direct and guaranteed operating loans," he said. "Our
farmers and producers need to know they can move into this next production year
having loan options available to them, should they need them, and they almost
certainly will need them. Once we get past this we have got to work on the next
farm bill modernizing the loan program so it's set up to meet contemporary
agriculture issues and demands for capital."



 The legislation also includes a provision relating to hours of service rules
for truck drivers.  It requires the Department of Transportation (DOT) to follow
the existing 34-hour restart rule for truckers to ensure continuity in federal
rest regulations.  The Obama Administration issued new rest requirements that
are not yet final, pending a Congressionally mandated report from DOT
demonstrating the new rule's effectiveness by meeting certain benchmarks.



 Language in the bill also streamlines the process for confirming General James
Mattis as the Secretary of Defense in the Trump Administration. The bill
expedites consideration of legislation providing an exception to the prohibition
against appointing a Secretary of Defense who was on active duty within the last
seven years.  Mattis retired in 2013.



 Highlights of the FY2017 Continuing Resolution include:



 ·         Provides funding for the federal government through April 28, 2017 at
a rate of $1.070 trillion



 ·         Includes total defense funding level is $8 billion higher than the
current Continuing Resolution



     $5.8 billion for Department of Defense Overseas Contingency Operations

     $4.3 billion for State Department/USAID Overseas Contingency Operations,
which is below the President's request

     Funding to support counterterrorism, counter Russian aggression, and
provide embassy security



 ·         Includes $4.1 billion to help families and communities rebuild and
recover from recent flooding



 o   $1.8 billion for Community Development Block Grants



 o   $1.025 billion to repair damaged Corps of Engineers projects



 o   $1 billion for emergency relief through the Federal Highway Administration



 o   $206 million for Department of Agriculture watershed protection programs



 o   $74.7 million to repair damaged NASA facilities



 ·      Supports the 21st Century Cures Act with $872 million in funding - $20
million for the Food and Drug Administration, $352 million for the National
Institutes of Health, and $500 million for states to continue to respond to the
opioid epidemic



 ·        Provides $170 million in discretionary (fully offset) spending for
states dealing with drinking water emergencies, like the current situation in
Flint, Michigan



 ·        Continues policies contained in existing appropriations law, including
pro-life riders and prohibitions on transfers from Guantanamo Bay or its closure




 ·        Includes a provision to provide $45 million, fully offset, for
continued health care benefits for certain retired miners under the United Mine
Workers Association 1993 Benefit Plan. This is necessary to prevent the loss of
health care coverage for these miners and their families, scheduled to expire on
Dec. 31.



 ·        Does not include an anomaly providing funding for the resettlement of
Syrian refugees



 ·        Provides additional funding, if needed, for the housing and care of
Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) after February 1, 2017. This will allow the
new President to decide on obligation of funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 22, 2009 Sunday

Jones Co. among disaster areas due to crop losses

BYLINE: David Owens, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 899 words


Nov. 22--Jones County and the surrounding areas have been declared primary
natural disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), due to crop
losses by severe spring and fall flooding and summer drought.

The USDA designated 79 of Mississippi's 82 counties, as well as contiguous
counties in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Tennessee disaster areas for
weather incidents that occurred in 2008. Randy Lowery, executive director of the
Jones County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA), said Wednesday that Jones County
has suffered additional losses in 2009, but farmers can only receive assistance
for last year's losses as of press time.

"Last year, we had a lot of rain in the harvest season," Lowery said. "We had
some good crops, but we had some real poor crops. One producer lost all of his
soybeans because they rotted in the field."

The Mississippi State University Agricultural Extension Service estimates that
Mississippi's five largest crops soybeans, corn, cotton, rice and sweet potatoes
totaled losses of more than $459.4 million, according to the Associated Press.

Lowery said farmer in 2009 suffered even more excessive losses.

"June was the driest in many years," he said. "When it got to harvest time, it
rained every day. All of the cotton was rotted and they couldn't cut hay. The
same producer who lost all of his soybeans last year lost everything again this
year. He was cutting the beans, but nobody would buy them."

Lowery said rain this fall "really, really hurt everybody."

"There are a lot of peanuts grown in this area," he said. "The yield's been
pretty low on them. Cotton has taken a hard hit. Soybeans are molding in the
field."

Lowery said that in order for a county in Mississippi to be declared a primary
disaster area, a report must be submitted to Governor Haley Barbour. The county
must also show at least a 30 percent loss in crops.

In a statement to the Associated Press Tuesday, Barbour said, "While I am
pleased these areas can qualify for much-needed assistance, we have to
understand this crop disaster will continue to put downward pressure on tax
revenues. The important agriculture sector faces a long road to recovery, just
as does the state's economy as a whole."

The joint offices of U.S. Sens. Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) also
announced bipartisan legislation Friday to offer assistance to farmers
throughout the nation who are experiencing significant crop losses due to
excessive rainfall this fall.

Cochran, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, said, "The extraordinary
amounts of rain poured on the Mississippi Delta have caused significant crop
losses throughout the region. Sweet potatoes, grain sorghum, soybeans and cotton
harvests have been compromised to an extent that the financial survival of many
producers is uncertain. Existing Department of Agriculture disaster aid programs
cannot provide the near-term help needed by growers. The Direct Payment
mechanism, which has been used to provide assistance numerous times, is the only
way for the Department of Agriculture to provide timely assistance."

Added Wicker, an original co-sponsor of the measure. "What was looking like a
bumper crop for many Mississippi farmers in August has turned into enormous
losses totaling nearly half a billion dollars statewide. These excessive losses
have made it nearly impossible for many hardworking Mississippi farmers to pay
their bills or to prepare for planting next year. The hardship caused by the
excessive September and October rains will be felt beyond Mississippi's
agriculture community. This disaster will have a negative effect on our entire
economy. The enormity of this problem has made it clear that additional disaster
assistance is necessary."

The counties and parishes were designated natural disaster areas on November 13,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

USDA has also made other programs available to assist farmers and ranchers,
including the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program (SURE), which was approved
as part of the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008; the Emergency
Conservation Program; Federal Crop Insurance; and the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program. Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service
Centers for further information on eligibility requirements and application
procedures for these and other programs.

For more information, call 601-425-4622, ext. 2, or visit disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091122-LH-AG-DISASTER-AREAS-20091122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                                 Copyright 2009


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      March 22, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

UN approves $22 million loan to boost agricultural work to prevent famine in
Somalia

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 267  words


New York, Mar 22 (Just Earth News): The United Nations agricultural agency will
be further scaling up its activities in drought-hit regions of Somalia thanks to
a $22 million loan approved this week by the UN emergency response fund.

More than 2.9 million people are at risk of famine and many will predictably die
from hunger if we do not act now, said the UN Emergency Relief Coordinator,
Stephen OBrien, in a news release. As under-secretary-general, OBrien heads the
UNs Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), which manages
the Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF). CERF is one of the fastest ways to
enable urgent response to people most in need, he said, explaining that the loan
will bridge a crucial gap and allow FAO to immediately save lives and
livelihoods of farmers and herders until additional funds from donors are
received. This effort is part of the international response to prevent another
famine in Somalia five years after the previous one devastated the country.
Across Somalia, 6.2 million people will face acute food insecurity through June
2017. Of these, nearly three million people are in Phases 3 (crisis) and 4 (
emergency) of the five-phase International Phase Classification for Food
Security (IPC), representing more than a two-fold increase from six months ago.
Phase 5 is famine. Livelihoods are peoples best defence against famine and this
$22 million loan is critical to FAOs famine prevention and drought response in
Somalia, said FAO Deputy Director-General for Programmes, Daniel Gustafson.
Photo: FAO/Karel Prinsloo Source: www.justearthnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2017 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 20, 1985 Saturday

INTERNATIONAL REPORT   Crop loans

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 138 words


The U.S. House of Representatives has moved toward resuming crop loans to
 farmers at harvest time.

On Thursday, the chamber unanimously approved $1-billion (U.S.) in
 emergency funds for the Agricultural Department's Commodity Credit Corp.,
 which had been disbursing as much as $125-million in crop loans a day
 until the loans were halted Wednesday. The measure now goes to the Senate
 where it is expected to win approval.

Winter wheat growers, in particular, have begun reaping their crop, but
 when they went to their local farm-program office, they were being told
 the funds weren't there for the loan cheques.

The CCC had used up its $25-billion borrowing authority because a
 congressional snarl over a supplemental appropriation is holding up about
 $3.9-billion in additional funding to keep the agency's revolving fund
 solvent.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 5, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Block's Farm Partner Defaults on U.S Loan

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 5, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 121 words

DATELINE: GALESBURG, Ill., Jan. 4


The business partner of Agriculture Secretary John R. Block has defaulted on a
$400,000 emergency disaster loan from the Farmers Home Administration, the
Government says.

Mr. Block's partner, John W. Curry, failed to make the first repayment on the
loan New Year's Day, said Victor Rhea, local supervisor for the agency.

Representative Jim Leach, Republican of Iowa, has questioned whether Mr. Block
could have benefited from the loan.

Mr. Block said last summer that any loan Mr. Curry might have received from the
agency was being used on Mr. Curry's own land and not on land he may own jointly
with Mr. Block.

The loan was used to finance activities on 13 farms in Iowa, Missouri and
Illinois, Mr. Rhea said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 17, 2009 Thursday

Crop loans to be rescheduled

LENGTH: 411  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 17 -- `The State finds it difficult to waive off farm loans in
the flood-hit areas. As of now the Government is only concentrating on
rescheduling the crop loans and appealed to the banks for offering fresh loans.
Chief Minister Yeddyurappa, briefing the media after a State-Level Bankers'
Committee (SLBC) meeting, said at this juncture his Government was not in a
position to waive off farm loans.

"I should have enough money before making an announcement. As of now the
Government's attention is only on rescheduling of loans and providing shelter
for the affected", he said.The State government convened the meeting at a short
notice to involve the bankers in providing relief and succour to the
flood-victims.The CM said all commercial banks had agreed to reschedule crop
loans and also issue fresh loans. Short term loans would be converted into
medium-term loans and medium-term loans into long-term loans. They would hold
credit camps to provide loans to the victims.Besides, they had decided to
simplify the procedure to encash the relief-cheques, he said. The Government had
been issuing only crossed cheques, which would be credited to accounts of the
payee. As most of the victims had no bank accounts they were finding it
difficult to realise their cheques. The banks had decided to open zero-balance
accounts with minimum verification of records. Moreover, they would not charge
commission for DDs to relief fund for flood victims.Loan at 4 pc
interestYeddyurappa said the government had appealed to the bankers to offer
loans to those who lost their shelter at 4 per cent interest. The banks had
agreed to extend loans up to Rs 50,000 for the purpose. The Government would
provide seeds and fertilisers for the farmers, who take up cultivation in the
rabi season, with 75 per cent subsidy.Earlier, Chief Secretary S V Ranganath and
Development Commissioner M R Sreenivasamurthy appealed to the bankers to assist
the Government in addressing the crisis. SLBC Chairman Basanth Sait said the
bankers would extend all help. In addition, all banks assured that the employees
would contribute one-day's salary towards the relief fund. A representative of
Cauvery Kalpataru Bank handed over a cheque of Rs 8 lakh, one-day salary of its
employees, to the CM on the occasion. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday
                              Australian3 Edition

Farmers harvest tax, drought relief

BYLINE: SUE NEALES, RURAL REPORTER

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 587  words


Farmers have been handed a tax break by the Abbott government, with an increased
ability to put away money in good seasons in special farm management deposits
without paying income tax.

The government's long--awaited agricultural competitiveness white paper will
allow farmers to put double the amount of profits - up to $800,000 from July
next year - in their own farm management deposits accounts, to call upon in bad
times.

Farm businesses will also, for the first time, now offset any funds held in the
special bank-approved FMD accounts against other farm business debts,
effectively reducing debt levels and the amount of interest payable.

About $3.55 billion is currently held collectively in the FMD scheme, with
one-third of the -nation's 134,000 farm businesses managing to put aside funds
in good times at an average of $84,350 each. The government -estimates the new
FMD-loan offset capability will save farmers $150 million in interest annually.

Tony Abbott will also announce that farmers can opt back in to income tax
averaging from next year, a decade after the concession was abandoned.

The changed tax rules, along with the new immediate tax -deductibility on
fences, irrigation, dams and other water infrastructure for all farmers
announced in the May budget, are designed to make the agricultural sector more
resilient and profitable.

The government also hopes being able to offset the previously untouchable FMDs
against farm debt will encourage more smaller farmers to use the scheme,
particularly if they are looking to save funds to buy a new farm or expand in a
tax-free environment.

The Prime Minister will launch the government's agricultural policy blueprint on
a dairy farm near Warrnambool in western Victoria.

In a second major announcement, the $250m Drought Concessional Loans Scheme
available to farmers hit by drought as cheap low-interest loans will be extended
both in loan terms and scheme duration.

Previously farmers who were deep in debt have been offered government loans at
an interest rate of between 3.5 and 4 per cent for a maximum of five years. The
terms for the maximum $1m loans have now been extended to 11 years to give
farmers certainty in financial and business planning.

As part of a commitment to "stand by farmers and rural communities in drought" -
especially with an El Nino dry-weather pattern forecast across southeastern
Australia this spring and summer - the government loan scheme will also continue
for a further decade. The measure was specifically requested by the National
Farmers Federation.

An agricultural commissioner will be appointed at a cost of $11.4m within the
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission in an effort to make the ACCC more
"farm-savvy" and protect farmers from bullying or price manipulation by
processors and retailers.

Other initiatives in the white paper include $100m for rural -research and
development, $200m for improved biosecurity analysis and surveillance, an
-additional $60m to address mobile black spots, $50m for emergency pest and
disease response, and $50m for better pest and weed control.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce believes the measures will ensure fairer
returns for farmers, secure the future of Australian farming families engaged in
a "noble profession", and reinforce what he calls the "sacred connection"
between farmers and their land. There is little in the paper to address concerns
by foreign investors that new restrictions on buying farmland and agribusinesses
in Australia are too tough.

BUSINESS P28

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Farmers harvest tax, drought relief

BYLINE: SUE NEALES, RURAL REPORTER

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 587  words


Farmers have been handed a tax break by the Abbott government, with an increased
ability to put away money in good seasons in special farm management deposits
without paying income tax.

The government's long--awaited agricultural competitiveness white paper will
allow farmers to put double the amount of profits - up to $800,000 from July
next year - in their own farm management deposits (FMD) accounts, to call upon
in bad times.

Farm businesses will also, for the first time, now offset any funds held in the
special bank-approved FMD accounts against other farm business debts,
effectively reducing debt levels and the amount of interest payable.

About $3.55 billion is currently held collectively in the FMD scheme, with
one-third of the -nation's 134,000 farm businesses managing to put aside funds
in good times at an average of $84,350 each. The government -estimates the new
FMD-loan offset capability will save farmers $150 million in interest annually.

Tony Abbott will also announce that farmers can opt back into income tax
averaging from next year, a decade after the concession was abandoned.

The changed tax rules, along with the new immediate tax -deductibility on
fences, irrigation, dams and other water infrastructure for all farmers
announced in the May budget, are designed to make the agricultural sector more
resilient and profitable.

The government also hopes being able to offset the previously untouchable FMDs
against farm debt will encourage more smaller farmers to use the scheme,
particularly if they are looking to save funds to buy a new farm or expand in a
tax-free environment.

The Prime Minister will launch the government's agricultural policy blueprint on
a dairy farm near Warrnambool in western Victoria.

In a second major announcement, the $250m Drought Concessional Loans Scheme
available to farmers hit by drought as cheap low-interest loans will be extended
both in loan terms and scheme duration.

Previously farmers who were deep in debt have been offered government loans at
an interest rate of between 3.5 and 4 per cent for a maximum of five years. The
terms for the maximum $1m loans have now been extended to 11 years to give
farmers certainty in financial and business planning.

As part of a commitment to "stand by farmers and rural communities in drought" -
especially with an El Nino dry-weather pattern forecast across southeastern
Australia this spring and summer - the government loan scheme will also continue
for a further decade. The measure was specifically requested by the National
Farmers Federation.

An agricultural commissioner will be appointed at a cost of $11.4m within the
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission in an effort to make the ACCC more
"farm-savvy" and protect farmers from bullying or price manipulation by
processors and retailers.

Other initiatives in the white paper include $100m for rural -research and
development, $200m for improved biosecurity analysis and surveillance, an
-additional $60m to address mobile black spots, $50m for emergency pest and
disease response, and $50m for better pest and weed control.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce believes the measures will ensure fairer
returns for farmers, secure the future of Australian farming families engaged in
a "noble profession", and reinforce what he calls the "sacred connection"
between farmers and their land. There is little in the paper to address concerns
by foreign investors that new restrictions on buying farmland and agribusinesses
in Australia are too tough.

BUSINESS P28

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 6, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BANK GROUP WANTS GOVERNMENT TO SHARE COST ON RELIEF FOR FARMS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 5


The Independent Bankers Association said today that many banks could not provide
any more interest-rate relief to farmers unless the Government assumed part of
the cost.

Last week the Reagan Administration agreed to ease access to a Federal loan
guarantee program to help financially troubled farmers reduce their debts.
Details of that plan are to be announced Wednesday.

But the association, which represents smaller banks, said today that the plan
would not help very many heavily indebted farmers avoid bankruptcy this spring
or help those who are having trouble getting new loans for spring planting.

After two days of emergency meetings here, the association's agricultural
committee asked for a new Federal credit relief program, under which the banks
would reduce interest rates on farm loans by four percentage points if the
Government absorbed half the cost by paying banks the equivalent of two
percentage points.

Group Wants Rule Eased

At a news conference today, the group, which lists about 3,000 rural banks among
its 7,900 members, also called for elimination of the ''forgiveness''
requirement in the Administration's farm loan guarantee plan.

The bankers' matching plan would operate in addition to the loan guarantees and
would primarily benefit farmers who having difficulty getting additional loans
even though they are not facing bankruptcy.

The loan guarantee plan requires a participating commercial bank to reduce by at
least 10 percent a farmer's debt service charges on an endangered loan, either
by reducing the interest rate or the principal or both. In return, the
Government would guarantee up to 90 percent of the principal and interest due,
paying the bank that amount if the farmer defaulted. The Farmers Home
Administration would take title to the land and resell or rent it.

Speaking for the bankers' committee, Thomas H. Olson, president of the Lisco
State Bank in Lisco, Neb., said the ''forgiveness'' requirement was preventing
many rural banks from participating, because they no longer had enough assets or
reserves to reduce loans.

He said the Government should increase the funds now available to finance the
plan from $630 million to $3 billion.

Bowing to demands of Republicans from farm states, the Administration agreed
Friday to expand the loan guarantee program to include reductions in interest as
well as principal.

Officials Dispute Banking Group

Meanwhile, Federal Reserve Chairman Paul A. Volcker told Congress today that
many rural banks were well- capitalized and had ''pretty good'' cushions.

Testifying before the Joint Economic Committee, he said there were about 30 bank
failures last year in the rural areas and there would ''certainly be more'' this
year. But Mr. Volcker argued that this was a local and not a national problem.

Earlier, Budget Director David A. Stockman told the Senate Banking Committee he
could not understand ''why the taxpayers of this country should have the
responsibility to go in and refinance bad debt that was willingly incurred by
consenting adults.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee
    Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate
    Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement
    Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount
    YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement
    YL; Forgiveness of Debt
    ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning
or Veteran Farmers
    Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit
    Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

    Notice and Comment
    Effective Date
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Federal Assistance Programs
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program
    Subpart G--Operating Loan Program
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

DATES: Back to Top

Effective: December 31, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Background Back to Top

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee Back to Top

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate Back to Top

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct FO
regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement Back to Top

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount Back to Top

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement Back to Top

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt Back to Top

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers Back to Top

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit Back to Top

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation
Back to Top

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment Back to Top

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the Federal Register and
interested persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking
through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without
opportunity for oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule
involved matters relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final
rule without the opportunity for comments.
Effective Date Back to Top

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in the Federal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563 Back to Top

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as not
significant under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and,
therefore, OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental Back to Top

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372 Back to Top

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988 Back to Top

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs Back to Top

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 761

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture
    Disaster assistance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION Back to Top

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

1.Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2.In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS Back to Top

3.The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4.In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5.In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6.In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING Back to Top

7.The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program Back to Top

8.Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9.Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program Back to Top

10.Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicant meets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11.Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12.In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through (f)
as paragraphs (d) through (e).
PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security Back to Top

14.Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Signed on December 16, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Concessional loans for farmers doing it tough

SECTION: BUSINESS SECTON; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 200 words


ELIGIBLE farmers in NSW experiencing financial hardship from drought can apply
for a concessional loan under the drought concessional loans scheme to help them
cope with current conditions.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce and NSW Primary Industries Minister Katrina
Hodgkinson announced the rollout of the scheme in NSW last Friday.

"Australia-wide, we're providing $280 million for concessional loans to assist
drought-affected farm businesses," Mr Joyce said.

"I said we would deliver a loans package for farmers struggling with the drought
in NSW and we've delivered. I am pleased that $100 million in drought loans will
now start flowing to NSW farmers."

Ms Hodgkinson said the loans had a concessional loan term of five years at an
initial interest rate of 4 per cent and they will be for up to 50 per cent of
eligible farm business debt, to a maximum of $1 million.

Mr Joyce and Ms Hodgkinson encouraged farmers not to self-assess, but to seek
help and find out what's available.

For information on how to apply, visit www.raa.nsw.gov.au or call 1800 678 593.

For further information on assistance available to farmers, visit
www.daff.gov.au/assistance and www.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 27, 2007 Monday
                                  All Editions

Time will tell who pays for damage

BYLINE: Amie Shak

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 924 words


ashak@dailyherald.com

During Thursday's storm, the Berg family checked their basement to make sure it
hadn't flooded. Seconds later, a surge of water came flying through the basement
door of the Arlington Heights home with such force that it knocked the door off
its frame.

The power never went out, the sump pump was always working and the house had
never had flooding problems before. But in no time, their furnished basement
filled with water all the way up the basement stairs, just one step from
perilously reaching their kitchen.

"It's devastating," Roz Berg said.

Facing several thousands of dollars in damage, the Bergs, like many other
families, are left asking: How much will it cost to get things back to normal?
And who will pay?

Insurance claims will certainly cover some of the costs, for those lucky enough
to have it .

On Friday and Saturday alone, State Farm Insurance Co. received more than 7,144
home claims and more than 1,027 vehicle claims from Chicago area policy-holders
whose property was damaged by the storm last week, State Farm spokeswoman Missy
Lundberg said Sunday.

Whether or not the government will help individuals and business owners remains
to be seen.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich on Friday declared six counties - Cook, Lake, DuPage,
McHenry, DeKalb and Kane - state disaster areas due to flooding and severe
storms last week. The designation makes state resources available to those
communities affected by the storms. Those resources go to local governmental
bodies to help them pay for storm cleanup, among other things. But the state
declaration won't add up to money in the average homeowner's or business owner's
pocket, officials said.

But, there is hope. Declaring the state a disaster area is the first step for
these counties to be declared federal disaster areas, which could bring monetary
relief to homeowners, Illinois Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Patty
Thompson told the Daily Herald.

State officials want to seek federal disaster status, but before that happens,
state officials need to play the waiting game.

"Before a federal request is made, we need to provide them with numbers like the
homes that were affected and the costs," Thompson said.

At this point, officials are not sure if the state is even eligible to apply for
federal disaster aid. That won't be clear until the water recedes and officials
can get hard numbers on what the damages really consist of.

If the affected counties from this storm were named federal disaster areas, the
aid would vary depending on the kind of federal disaster declaration the area
receives. The government could offer public assistance, which would give aid to
the local governments, or it could offer individual assistance, which would go
to area homeowners and business owners, she said.

No matter what, there will be red tape.

Three weeks ago, the Rockford-area got pounded with more than 5 inches of rain,
and Gov. Blagojevich declared Winnebago County a state disaster area days later.
Those residents are still waiting for a federal disaster declaration, Thompson
said.

In that case, IEMA and FEMA went to the area and went street by street figuring
out the extent of the damages, which took about five or six business days,
Thompson said.

Rockford's request for a federal disaster declaration was sent in early last
week, and officials are currently waiting for a response.

For residents with piles of waterlogged furniture and boxes of keepsakes and
files at the ends of their driveways, the wait might seem long.

Several items in front of Bob and Kathi Stewart's Arlington Heights house told
the story of their weekend.

The Stewarts spent Thursday night bailing water out of their basement. After
more than five hours they had to stop because of sheer exhaustion.

Among the destroyed items were two couches, a recliner, carpeting, all the food
in a refrigerator and freezer and a computer.

"I couldn't tell you how much everything cost. The food alone was at least
$400," Kathi Stewart said.

"You can't replace the stuff," Bob Stewart said, pointing to a caricature of his
son that they got at Sea World years ago.

The waterlogged drawing is propped against the inside wall of the garage,
clearly one item that the Stewarts hesitate to put out by the curb with the wet
recliner.

While waiting for word on claims and aid, residents can apply for low-interest
loans under the state's Opportunity Illinois Disaster Loan program. People who
are waiting for insurance settlements or other aid programs to take effect are
eligible, according to Illinois State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias, but residents
must file an Opportunity Illinois loan application within 90 days of the
disaster declaration.

More information on those loans is available by calling (312) 814-1244 or by
e-mailing opportunityillinois@treasurer.state.il.us The Red Cross is also
offering assistance for residents.

In the meantime, residents will have to wait and hope for the best.

"With the beautiful sky today, you wouldn't think anything was ever wrong," Berg
said. "Hopefully, I pray, the insurance will help us. If not, I'm in big
trouble."

The power numbers

- 13,300 homes still without electricity; 11,100 in the northern suburbs, 1,600
Chicagoans and 500 in the south suburbs.

- 625,000 customers have had their power restored.

- 350 ComEd electrical crews working 16-hour days; 275 ComEd tree trimming
crews; 350 crews drawn from contractors and utility companies nationwide.

- 300,000 calls received since storms swept the area Thursday. More than 75
ComEd representatives are fielding calls.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A photograph accompanied this article, however the caption information
was not available. Check the dated microfilm for the text of the caption.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 12, 1981 Saturday

Bankruptcies of farmers up 28%

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - The number of farmers forced into bankruptcy so far this
 year reached 258 at the end of November, up 28 per cent compared with the
 first 11 months of last year, the Department of Consumer and Corporate
 Affairs says.

The November figures showed a small increase in the rate of bankruptcy,
 compared with the previous month. At the end of October, farm bankruptcies
 were 25 per cent ahead of the total at the end of October, 1980.

Ontario continued to record almost half the bankruptcies, with 139
 farmers forced out of business so far this year, largely because of low
 prices for cattle and hogs.

Quebec recorded 53 bankruptcies, Saskatchewan 19 and Alberta 15.

Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan said he still has not received
 cabinet approval for a plan to make more money available to farmers.

He said in the Commons that a bill to allow the Farm Credit Corp. to
 borrow from non-government sources to increase the amount of money it has
 for lending to farmers has yet to clear the cabinet committee that decides
 government priorities.

This summer Mr. Whelan promised farm groups, angered with Ottawa's high
 interest rate policy, that the bill would be in Parliament in the fall. He
 has talked about bringing in such legislation for several years.

Farmers have been having little luck obtaining any of the limited
 assistance offered them in the Nov. 12 budget.

For example, banks are generally refusing to offer small business bonds
 to farmers to save them from bankruptcy, because the Government has yet to
 spell out the conditions for the bonds.

The budget extended the bonds to unincorporated farmers who are in
 financial difficulty at interest rates about 5 per cent below commercial
 rates.

If applications for such bonds are turned down by the banks, farmers
 can seek help from the Farm Credit Corp., which received $50-million to
 make emergency loans to producers facing bankruptcy.

But the farmers cannot apply for the Farm Credit loans unless they are
 formally refused by the banks, and the banks are postponing decisions.

At the same time, the prices for cattle and hogs are dropping and grain
 prices are lower, thus reducing further the income available to farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 28, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

WASHINGTON WATCH;
Pressure to Help Farmers

BYLINE: By Robert D. Hershey Jr.

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 209 words


The first agricultural item on the plate of the new Congress will be quicker and
more generous emergency credit for hard-pressed farmers. Legislators from farm
states have returned from the pre-inaugural recess saying that large groups of
farmers are in the worst financial shape since the Depression.

Several members have already introduced bills calling for immediate help and
demanding that the Reagan Administration show more enthusiasm in putting into
effect an election-time plan proposed by the President. The plan would make $650
million available to guarantee the farm loans of commercial banks if the bankers
agree to reduce the principal owed on the loans. So far, the legislators
complain, only $25 million of the $650 million has been used.

Members of Congress from both parties, including Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole
of Kansas, now want these guarantees made available on loans if bankers agree
only to lower the interest rates. They are also talking of creating a new
Government credit corporation, something akin to the New Deal's Reconstruction
Finance Corporation, that would buy up farms on the verge of default and rent
them back to their original owners. The owners would have an option to buy their
farms back later.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho still drier than usual

BYLINE: By CODY McDEVITT,

SECTION: THE WEST; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 714 words


The U.S. Monthly Drought Outlook map provided by the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration shows almost all of Idaho, below the tip of the
panhandle, in a deep rust color.

That color means ""drought persists or intensifies.""

The news is no surprise to boaters and fishermen wanting to launch boats at the
popular Willow Bay Recreation Area marina on American Falls Reservoir, which is
30 percent full. The marina is closed because there is not enough water to float
boats.

It's also not news to recreators at Palisades Reservoir, which on Monday was
listed at 29 percent full. There was no water, as of Friday, at of the end of
the Blowout boat ramp at Palisades.

Nor is it surprising to eastern Idaho's irrigation companies and farmers. During
the past two months, the Idaho Department of Water Resources has issued drought
emergency declarations for Bingham, Bonneville, Custer, Fremont, Jefferson,
Madison and Teton counties.

On July 11, the U.S. Department of Agriculture issued a primary disaster
declaration for Clark County, which qualified it for drought relief. Since Butte
and Lemhi counties border Clark County, they also qualify for drought relief.

Farmers whose lands are within qualifying drought disaster zones are eligible
for low-interest emergency loans from the USDA's Farm Service Agency. They have
eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for the loans in the case
of crop failure because of a lack of water, according to a news release from the
USDA's Farm Service Agency.

While there are many visible signs of a water shortage across the region,
irrigation and fisheries officials said there should be enough water to get
through this year. But they said there could be a serious water shortage next
year if the drought continues into this winter.

""We don't have enough storage to get through more than one dry year at a
time,"" said Lyle Swank, watermaster for the Upper Snake River District. ""There
are going to be some canals that struggle to get through. It's a tough year.""

Drought conditions are expected to take a toll on fishing and boating at
reservoirs.

""We have always seen some areas run out of water; we've had some impacts on
recreation,"" said Mike Beus, spokesman for the Bureau of Reclamation.

Dan Garren, regional fisheries manager for the Idaho Department of Fish and
Game, said stream and river fishing is not suffering because local streams and
rivers are doing well thus far. But that could change.

""I anticipate things will get worse,"" he said.

The real problem will come down the road if the dry conditions persist into
winter.

""The big thing is next winter, because if we don't get enough (snow) to fill
the reservoirs, we could be in trouble next year,"" Garren said.

A dry 2012 and below-average snowpack coupled with this year's dry conditions
have resulted in lower reservoir water.

""When you add up those below-average (snowpack and precipitation) figures to
above-average demand, you're going to have some people run out of water at the
rate we're going,"" Swank said.

Farmers and irrigators also cannot afford more than one dry year at a time,
Swank said.

Even though this year has been dry, some timely, soaking rains could help the
crop outlook.

John Thompson, director of public relations with the Idaho Farm Bureau, said the
lack of rain does not concern area farmers - at least not yet.

""It's not over yet. August is the month when the potato crop comes in,""
Thompson said.

In the Madison Fremont Irrigation District, an official said it has a 52 percent
allocation on its storage water, which means that although the Highland Park and
Grassy dams are full, only 52 percent of their water was available to their
water users. The other 48 percent stays in the reservoir.

""The biggest challenge is going to be having that 52 percent last long enough
to finish the crops,"" said Dale Swensen, executive director for the Madison
Fremont Irrigation District.

The watermaster of the Idaho Irrigation District, which is responsible for Idaho
Falls' irrigation, said the district is not in any danger of running out of
water this season.

""We're probably going to be all right,"" Watermaster Richard Lockyer said. ""We
(have) more storage than most and better water rights.""

Reporter Cody McDevitt can be reached at 542-6751.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 23, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Senate Approves Grab-Bag Farm Bill With Election-Year Bouquet

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 578 words


The Senate yesterday approved a farm bill that would give the Reagan
administration most of the budget savings it wants and, just before the November
elections, would give farmers cash for idling crop land next year.

The bill, approved 78 to 10, goes to the House, where it may be taken up next
week.

Although it began as an administration effort to freeze the target-price direct
subsidies that would go to wheat, corn, rice and cotton farmers in 1985, the
measure became a hefty agricultural grab bag, tied with an election-year
bouquet.

For the administration, it contains an estimated $2.5 billion contribution to
President Reagan's deficit-reduction package. For farm-state senators, nervous
about reelection and the shaky farm economy, it contains appealing add-ons that
deal with credit and exports.

In addition to freezing next year's target-price subsidies and paying farmers
for idling land to reduce the chances of surpluses, the bill would:

Expand farm export assistance, a step opposed by the White House, through an
increased Food for Peace program and more direct export credit programs and loan
guarantees.

Alter the current wheat program, for which enrollment closed last week, and give
wheat farmers a chance to get two land-idling payments this year: one for 1984,
one for 1985.

Liberalize farm credit and drought-assistance programs, increasing the amount of
direct emergency loans made by the Farmers Home Administration.

Create a new surplus food sales and donation program, authored by Sen. John
Melcher (D-Mont.), that would focus on distribution of surplus wheat and dairy
products to needy nations.

Melcher, criticized openly by other senators for blocking movement of the bill
earlier, was overridden in an effort to sweeten the subsidy payments to wheat
farmers. But his real aim, he said later, was to win approval of the surplus
donation program.

With the tabling of Melcher's wheat amendment, quick final passage then seemed
imminent after a week of testy, off-and-on wrangling between senators seeking to
add to the bill.

But Sens. David H. Pryor and Dale Bumpers, Arkansas Democrats, were upset,
contending that their rice-growing constituents were getting less in the bill
than other farmers. They set out to tell the Senate why, with the prospect of a
midget filibuster.

Pryor read into the record a recipe for Arkansas rice casserole, complete to the
last pimento. Then he extolled a recipe, item by item, for red beans and rice
confected by the wife of Sen. Russell B. Long (D-La.).

Bumpers, for his part, praised the nutritional benefits of rice and gave the
Senate a lecture on rice preparation techniques (he especially liked an Iranian
recipe).

As one or the other talked, they were negotiating with Senate Republican leaders
to add another spoonful of sugar to the pudding. They won approval of language
altering the formula for limiting subsidies and payments to the rice growers.

Sen. Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.), citing subsidies already paid them, said, "I don't
want to shed too many tears for rice growers . . . . The federal rice recipe is
better than any recipe I can think of." But Dole and Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.),
Agriculture Committee chairman, swallowed hard and accepted the Arkansans'
language.

"About two hours, we've been thinking about it," Helms said. "This is not
perfect . . . but my goal is to get a bill that will save $2.5 billion to $3
billion."

The rice stew was finished.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 1, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Farm Aid Package Outlined;
U.S. Heeding Pleas Of Farmers, Banks For Eased Credit

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 673 words


Bowing to mounting pressure from farm-state legislators, the Reagan
administration yesterday outlined a new relief package to help farmers and
country banks through a predicted spring credit crisis.

Budget director David A. Stockman and Agriculture Secretary John R. Block spent
more than two hours in a closed meeting with key Senate Republicans, laying out
details of the package.

Earlier in the week, the White House, which has been moving to cut farm
programs, said no such credit program was contemplated.

Although subject to change, the White House offer would:

* Establish a policy of "forbearance" in federal bank regulation. This would
mean that country lenders would have more leeway in extending credit to farmers
whose assets have declined, largely through deflation in land prices.

* Allow banks to reduce part of the interest on a farmer's loan -- easing his
repayment load -- under the federal loan guarantee plan announced last fall by
President Reagan. Current policy covers only the loan principal -- not the
interest -- although interest is the lion's share of loan payments in early
years.

* Put teams of credit specialists to work with rural banks in handling the crush
of paperwork for loans that farmers need for spring planting.

According to senators who attended the session, the administration officials
agreed to refine some details of the package and return to Capitol Hill for more
discussion within a few days.

"We're working on it," was Stockman's only comment after the meeting. He and
Block then left to meet with House farm-state Republicans during the evening.

The sudden appearance of Stockman and Block on the Hill followed days of intense
campaigning for credit aid by farm-state legislators, particularly Republican
senators who face critical reelection campaigns next year, and after days of
administration rejection of their efforts.

"I'm encouraged," said Sen. Mark Andrews (R-N.D.), one of the GOP farm-state
senators who has led the call for more help from Washington. "This means they
are understanding there is a credit emergency out there."

Andrews said, however, that he and others at the meeting were concerned that the
administration proposal "was not as responsive as it ought to be" and that
Stockman and Block had agreed to revise it somewhat.

Stockman and Block apparently entered the meeting with a proposal to offer the
new credit aid program in exchange for a commitment of support from the senators
for the administration's proposals for a "market oriented" 1985 farm bill that
has been criticized widely by Republicans and Democrats.

Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.), chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, said
there was "almost unanimous agreement that existing farm policies and programs
are not working . . . that they are a disaster."

But Andrews said he and other GOP colleagues shot down suggestions that there be
a tradeoff. "There started to be a quid pro quo, but after 45 minutes they
backed away from that. I told them not to be so stupid as to try to do that
because we've got a firestorm out there on the prairie," he said.

The pressure for quick help from Washington has mushroomed during the past two
weeks as farm-state public officials, farmers and bankers warned that thousands
of farmers face foreclosure if they can't get loans by March 1.

Additional pressure and frustration have come from the apparent failure of
Reagan's preelection debt-restructuring program, announced on the eve of a
campaign trip to the Farm Belt.

Last fall's program included $630 million of additional funds for Farmers Home
Administration lending programs, and it provided federal guarantees of loans in
which the bank agreed to write off a portion of the principal.

The FmHA assistance has been caught in a tangle of red tape and, according to
the agency, only a small percentage of farmers' applications have been approved.
Country banks, saying they are too strapped to write off parts of loans, have
shown little enthusiasm for the guarantee plan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 24, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

Key Agricultural Aide Selling Farm To Make Up Delinquency on Loans

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A25

LENGTH: 761 words


The failing-farm syndrome that has gripped much of rural America since 1981
finally has penetrated the inner sanctum of the Agriculture Department.

One of the USDA's top officials, C. Hoke Leggett, is $116,000 delinquent in
repaying loans from the Farmers Home Administration and is trying to make it up
by selling his North Carolina farm.

Leggett owes FmHA a balance of $363,000: $51,000 on a 5 percent loan dating to
1973 and the remainder on two other 11 percent transactions from 1981, when he
joined the Reagan administration as the No. 2 man at the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS). Leggett, who was sponsored by
Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Jesse Helms (R-N.C.), is associate
administrator of the ASCS, with policy-making and administrative roles in the
federal farm commodity support programs.

He said he had received the FmHA loans before he received his appointment to the
USDA job in April, 1981, but agency records indicate that Leggett was in
negotiations for the funds at least through June of that year, when the deal was
closed.

FmHA officials and congressional aides said they knew of no legal bars to a
high-level USDA employe or administrator receiving a low-interest loan, as long
as he met the basic requirement that he could not get credit from other lending
sources.

Although Leggett denied that he had been ordered by FmHA to file a loan
liquidation plan, he said he had agreed voluntarily to sell his hog operation
near Hobgood, N.C., to pay off his debt to the government.

"There was never any pressure from FmHA. I've put the farm up for sale and I
hope to wrap it up by January. The government will come out whole on this,"
Leggett said. "I hope to have money left after the sale."

Leggett said he held an equipment sale earlier this year in an effort to raise
more money to cover his delinquency, but that it did not produce enough to
eliminate it. Sources said his account remained in "bad shape" after the
equipment sale.

But Charles W. Shuman, national administrator of the FmHA, said, "We've talked
to Hoke and he has agreed to voluntarily liquidate. . . . Any delinquency is a
cause for concern but there is nothing in writing in the file to indicate that
he has been required by us to do anything. He has listed the property for sale
for $450,000. Our interest should be protected."

The amount of Leggett's debt to the government and his delinquency were
confirmed by Shuman.

FmHA, under Shuman, has been criticized harshly by farmers and legislators who
say the agency has brought illegal pressure on delinquent borrowers and forced
hundreds of them out of farming. FmHA is now under a court order to inform
farmers of their appeal rights and to change its loan management practices.

Leggett said his financial problems were caused in part by a drought that
afflicted crop production in North Carolina in 1980, which led him to seek an
emergency loan from FmHA, and in part because of his absence from the farm since
1981.

He said that to avoid any conflict of interest with his job at USDA, he turned
over operation of the hog farm to a tenant farmer. Leggett said the farm failed
to produce profitably and intensified his loan repayment problems.

Peter Sleight, an ethics officer in USDA's personnel section, confirmed that he
had discussed the potential conflict problem with Leggett two years ago. "We
thought he should not be involved in management of the farm," Sleight said, "and
I suggested that if he was going to have a high-level job, he ought to separate
himself from farm management. He found a tenant."

Leggett declined to disclose the amount of his loans on the ground that the
information was "personal." But his financial disclosure statements, on public
file at the USDA, indicate that he had several FmHA loans totaling more than
$250,000, as well as a Small Business Administration 5 percent loan of between
$50,000 and $100,000 and a commercial bank loan of between $100,000 and
$250,000.

His 1983 disclosure statement shows gross income of more than $100,000 from the
hog farm, but less than $5,000 from the cotton, soybean and peanut operations
that in previous years had grossed more than $100,000.

As associate administrator of the ASCS, Leggett is second-in-command to Everett
G. Rank. Rank was in the news earlier this year when it was learned that the
California farm in which he has an interest would get more than $1 million in
free cotton through the USDA's payment-in-kind (PIK) program. Rank is chief
administrator of the PIK program.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, C. HOKE LEGGETT . . . "I've put the farm up for sale"

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 18, 2008 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Banks promise farmers rates relief;
RUDD'S RECOVERY PLAN - Rural

BYLINE: Sophie Morris

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 380 words


The banking industry has promised farmers will soon benefit from a cut in loan
rates, following complaints rural borrowers have been missing out 10 days after
the Reserve Bank of Australia cut official interest rates.

Westpac Banking Corp is the only one of the four big banks to have passed on a
rate cut - 0.8 of a percentage point - on business loans to farmers.

But Australian Bankers Association director Stephen Carroll told a summit on the
financial crisis and rural communities on Friday that other banks would soon
follow suit. "The delay in passing on the reduction in interest rates as
indicated by the cash rate doesn't reflect a change of view about the risk of
lending to agriculture," he said.

"Banks will pass those lower costs of funds on to customers when they can.

"A bank has already done that for the farm sector and I expect that other banks
will follow that lead, probably as soon as next week."

Agriculture Minister Tony Burke, who called the emergency summit in Sydney, said
he had received complaints about the banks not passing on the interest rate cut
to farmers.

He warned bank representatives that interest rates on farm loans should be
treated in the same way as home loans.

"We have the same expectations for farmers that we have for people with
residential loans," he told the Weekend AFR. "People had been raising it with me
and complaining about it."

Mr Carroll said the banking sector shared the optimistic outlook for the sector
presented to the summit by agricultural forecaster the Australian Bureau of
Agricultural and Resource Economics.

ABARE executive director Phillip Glyde said there was cautious optimism for the
farm sector in the year ahead and a promising outlook in the longer term. The
recent drop in rural commodity prices would have occurred without the financial
crisis, he said, as farmers globally increased production in response to high
prices earlier this year.

"Given that 35 per cent of our agricultural exports go to Asia and that the
Asian economies are holding up relatively well, we still think there's room for
some optimism for Australian agricultural exporters."

He said farmers were well-positioned this year, having had access to high
commodity prices in the March quarter and benefiting from improved seasonal
conditions.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Deadline nears for Farm Service noms

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


July 25--The deadline is approaching for the Wilson County Farm Service Agency
Committee Nominations. Farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers can
nominate themselves or a candidate of their choice to serve on the county
committee. The deadline is Aug. 1 and members serve three-year terms.

Officials say county committees are an important link between the farm community
and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to these
local committees share their opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.

"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved in this
year's county committee elections," Juan Garcia, U.S. Department of Agriculture
Farm Service Agency administrator, said in a statement. "Nominate yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local county committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmers and ranchers as well as women and
minorities. This is your opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in your county."

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, officials say, they work closely with county executive directors and make
decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity
price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county
committees. Committees consist of three to 11 members that are elected by
eligible producers.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and information about FSA county committee elections are
available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due back to
the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county committee
members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

___ (c)2014 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140725-ZW-Deadline-nears-for-Farm-Service-noms-0725-20140725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2014 The Wilson Daily Times


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                October 21, 2004

2005 Federal Spending Bills;
Bush Signs Military Construction Bill

SECTION: Pg. 820G2

LENGTH: 326 words


President Bush October 13 signed a $10 billion military construction bill, a
1.6% increase from fiscal 2004 spending. The House October 9 had passed, 374-0,
the final version of the bill, and the Senate October 11 had cleared it by voice
vote.

Attached to the bill was $14.5 billion in emergency spending for disaster
relief. [See 2004 2005 Federal Spending Bills: Military Construction Funds
Passed; 2004 Death Toll in Haiti Flooding From Tropical Storm Jeanne Reaches
1,500; Jeanne Hits U.S. as Hurricane; Other Developments]

The disaster funds were split between $11.6 billion in hurricane aid for Florida
and other states hit by a series of storms in recent months, and $2.9 billion in
farm aid for Midwestern states afflicted by drought.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) would receive $6.5 billion of the
hurricane relief funding, while $1.2 billion was earmarked for repairing roads
damaged in the hurricane onslaught.

The Department of Agriculture October 8 had altered its relief payment policy,
separating crop-replacement payments from damage-repair and clean-up payments.
The shift potentially opened hurricane relief funding to agricultural
conglomerates that were normally barred from receiving emergency funding. Under
the new rules, there were no income caps restricting eligibility for tree-damage
payments or other non-crop replacement costs, but caps remained in place for
crop-loss payments.

The farm aid money for the Midwest would be paid in part by diverting funds from
the Conservation Security Program, an initiative aimed at encouraging farmers to
use more environmentally sound agricultural methods. [See 2004 President Bush
Presents $2.4 Trillion Budget; Projects $521 Billion Deficit]

Other last-minute additions to the aid package included billions of dollars in
loan guarantees for the construction of a natural gas pipeline from Alaska to
the continental U.S., and money for Hawaiian sugar-cane producers.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 Facts on File, Inc.


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Some millers are exploiting desperate farmers: Sokhon

LENGTH: 400  words


Agriculture Minister Veng Sokhon accused private sector rice millers of
exploiting desperate farmers, arguing that if they really lacked capital to
purchase rice paddy as they claimed, they would have been quick to snap up the
government's $27 million emergency loan package.

Speaking yesterday at a meeting between government and private sector rice
industry leaders, he said the loan package offered in September had failed to
stop the flood of rice paddy into Vietnam.

'Despite the fluctuations in rice prices, it is not the main issue for why
farmers are exporting paddy,' he said. 'I suspect that the issue with the rice
industry is not external, but rather the genuine unwillingness of millers to
help our farmers.'

Sokhon said the $27 million loan package was designed to give local millers
sufficient operating capital to purchase local rice paddy, and to beef up their
storage capacity. However, only $1.5 million of the package has been disbursed
to just a handful of applicants.

'What is the main issue weighing down the rice sector? Is it really a shortage
of capital?' the minister said incredulously.

Sokhon announced that Prime Minister Hun Sen has approved an additional $15
million loan package solely for developing rice storage and warehousing
capacity. But he cast doubt on the willingness of rice millers to respond.

'We really need the loans'

Kao Thach, CEO of the state-owned Rural Development Bank (RDB), the institution
in charge of disbursing the emergency loans, said it was incomprehensible to him
why millers were reluctant to apply.

'We provide a fast and easy loans and it is not complicated,' he said. 'I have
no idea why we are in this situation if rice millers were really facing a
shortage of capital.'

Sok Puthyvuth, president of the Cambodian Rice Federation (CRF), said that the
sector needed time to ensure that once millers took the loans they would be used
effectively and transparently.

'We are trying to work together in order to use the budget transparently,' he
said. He argued, however, that the 7 percent interest rate attached to the loan
was too high and should be lowered.

'We really need the loans from the RDB, but the interest rate should be less
than what commercial banks offer,' he said.

Sokhon retorted that as an 'emergency' loan, there should be no excuses for a
delay and that the CRF should sort out its budget transparency issues as soon as
possible.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    April 30, 1987, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

NDP demands longer debate on farm plight

BYLINE: By Arch MacKenzie Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Hard times down on the farm triggered the longest House of Commons
emergency debate in recent memory and previewed the forthcoming federal election
battle for the prairie grain belt.

But when it ended just before 4 p.m. yesterday after nearly 20 hours of talking,
the NDP cried foul and planned a protest today to Speaker John Fraser on grounds
it was ready to continue.

The NDP-initiated debate sidetracked for one more day the government's attempt
to complete study of a bill critics say will boost drug industry prices and
profits.

Little new ground was broken during the emergency farm debate launched at 8 p.m.
Tuesday on an NDP motion triggered by slumping wheat prices and the government
decision to lift the 19-month moratorium on loans from the Farm Credit Corp.

It ended, with the NDP still ready to talk, when Deputy Speaker Steve Paproski
decided enough had been said and closed shop for the day. By that time, all
regular business had been cancelled, including the daily question period.

Ready to continue

But Shawn Barber, assistant to NDP House Leader Nelson Riis, said the NDP still
had nine or 10 members ready to participate when Paproski ordered the debate
ended.

One New Democrat MP had just finished, Barber said, and just six seconds later,
as recorded by the video record of House proceedings, Paproski was out of his
chair and away, ending the sitting.

Barber said Riis will protest to Fraser today in hopes of getting the debate
back on the rails.

But even if that doesn't work, it would still stand as the longest emergency
debate under the new rules begun several years ago.

The NDP had set it up carefully, Barber said. The 30-member NDP caucus was
assigned to early and late shifts and the Tories, with a vested interest in
protecting their Prairie support, matched them speaker for speaker.

It was the Liberals, with only two of their 40 MPs west of Winnipeg, who were
thin in the ranks, although leader John Turner joined Prime Minister Brian
Mulroney and NDP leader Ed Broadbent in the debate about breakfast time
yesterday.

Economic pressure

Turner said the Canadian grain economy is collapsing and farm families are
breaking up under the stress of the economic pressure.

"Farm groups tell us that the situation is as bad as it was during the Great
Depression. Yet this is the time chosen by the government of Canada to start
foreclosing on farms, kicking farmers off the land and kicking farmers when they
are down," he said.

"These measures are stupid ones. They are unfair and they destroy a whole way of
life - the family farm."

But Agriculture Minister John Wise, interviewed outside the Commons, said
Monday's decision to end the moratorium on debt to the Farm Credit Corp. is
defendable and will affect only perhaps 600 to 700 farms.

The debate applied one more day's pressure to the crowded government agenda.

The resumption of Parliament on Monday after the Easter break was marked by the
start of the long-awaited debate on restoring capital punishment. Then the
government wanted to finish passage of the bill restoring monopoly retail
pricing for manufacturers of drugs, ending the law that since 1969 has
authorized cheaper so-called generic drugs to compete with the original
manufacturers.

By the time the Commons must wind up for the summer recess June 30, it has a
considerable amount of high-priority legislation to pass, ranging from the drug
bill to income tax changes.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

Farms affected by fires offered loans

BYLINE: Michelle Casady, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Sept. 29--Farmers in several Brazos Valley counties whose crops or equipment
were damaged in the recent wildfires are eligible to receive low-interest
emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency, the United States Department of
Agriculture announced Wednesday.

Grimes, Leon, Brazos, Madison and Robertson counties were among 28 Texas
counties deemed eligible for the aid by President Barack Obama this week, but
county extension agents in those counties said farmers have been affected more
by the drought than the wildfires.

Nathan Philipello, the farm loan manager with the Farm Service Agency in
Franklin, which covers 10 counties in the Brazos Valley, said he hasn't received
many calls from farmers looking for wildfire relief but has been flooded by
callers seeking help because of the drought.

"We're at record numbers on our loans, too," he said. "In a typical year we'll
get 30 to 40 applications and already this year we received 75."

In other parts of the state, wildfires were devastating for farmers, destroying
millions of acres and 6,000 miles of fencing.

"We've had 3.8 million acres burn statewide and, by far, the majority of it is
grazing and pasture lands," said Travis Miller, an agronomist with AgriLife
Extension and a member of the Governor's Drought Preparedness Council.

Brazos County Extension Agent Eric Zimmerman said residents have been fortunate
that few fires have started here and those that have were responded to quickly
by local fire departments.

He said he doesn't believe any farmers in Brazos County will qualify for the
loan.

Shane Jennings, extension agent in Grimes County, said there were several
thousand acres of timberland lost in fires there, but he's unsure how many
farmers were affected and hasn't received any calls for assistance.

Edward Schnieder, extension agent in Robertson County, said the county had a few
40- or 50-acre fires and he knows of some farmland that was damaged, but he
wasn't sure if any farmers suffered a 30 percent loss in production as a result,
which is required to qualify for the loan.

"I know most of our guys are way over that loss percentage because of the
drought, though," he said. "We're 50 percent or better everywhere."

Another qualification is that the farmers must not be able to obtain a loan from
a commercial lender.

Leon County Judge Byron Ryder said he's unsure how many farmers lost property in
the fires, but he knows of at least one man who lost his ranch, in addition to
five miles of fencing.

Several other locals lost ranch land as well.

Billy Zanolini, the county extension agent for Madison County, said there
haven't been any farmers affected by wildfires there this year. During a wild
game dinner this week attended by 47 farmers, the topic of discussion was
supposed to be feral hog management but quickly turned to the drought and what
recovery programs are available, Zanolini said.

Anyone interested in applying for a loan can contact Philipello at 979-828-3338.
For more information about disaster assistance programs, visit
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2011 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110929-EG-Farms-affected-by-fires-offered-loans-0929-20110929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2011 The Eagle


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday

A Coveted SBA Change, Via Farm Bill

BYLINE: Marissa Fajt

SECTION: COMMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 111

LENGTH: 558  words


A provision tucked into this year's federal farm bill has given the banking
industry a legislative victory sought ever since the aftermath of Hurricane
Katrina and Hurricane Rita three years ago.

The provision gives lenders the ability to make loans to individuals and
businesses through the Small Business Administration's disaster lending program.
It took effect last month when Congress overrode the president's veto of the
farm bill.

Previously only the SBA itself could make the disaster loans. The SBA had
typically hired temporary workers to help underwrite and process loans, but the
2005 hurricane season exposed the shortcomings of that model - application
volume overwhelmed the agency's processing capacity. Months after the two major
hurricanes hit the Gulf Coast, the SBA had processed only a few thousand of the
more than 200,000 loan applications received.

Under the revised program, qualified lenders can make disaster loans to small
businesses, and preferred lenders can make the loans to both individuals and
businesses. The maximum loan size is $2 million, and the SBA guarantees 85% of
the amount.

"I'm tickled," said Ed Francis, the senior commercial banking officer for the $6
billion-asset Hancock Holding Co. in Gulfport, Miss. "This is a very good fix
for the disaster program."

Calls to the SBA seeking comment for this story were not returned. In a news
release Monday, the SBA said it has hired retired Rear Admiral Steven G. Smith
to head its newly created Executive Office of Disaster Strategic Planning.

Mr. Francis said the changes to the program would benefit all those involved:
The government will not have to lend its own money or hire people to process the
loans; borrowers will have shorter waiting times; and banks will be able to make
more loans because of the government guaranty, so that communities can recover
faster.

"This would have been a very, very strong program following Rita and Katrina,"
Mr. Francis said. "It would have helped tremendously, especially in those first
90 or 120 days when there is so much uncertainty."

Guy Williams, the president and chief executive officer of the $850
million-asset Gulf Coast Bank and Trust Co. in New Orleans, said he is pleased
bankers can be more involved in helping the community in a crisis.

Had there been access to a similar program in 2005 it likely would have saved a
lot of the businesses that left town, Mr. Williams said. For example, a tailor
who did specialty custom shirts in the city moved to Jackson, Miss., because he
could not get the financial support he needed to remain in New Orleans.

"He's fine, but we're not. We lost that business," Mr. Williams said. "That is
the sort of business that might have stayed if we were able to help him out
right away."

Mr. Williams would like to see even more done to get financial support to
consumers, especially the poorest, faster. One suggestion he has is to use his
state's welfare debit card system, called Louisiana Purchase Card, for that
purpose.

"It would make so much sense to have those card numbers and be able to load cash
on them to help those folks," he said. "The poorest citizens have already been
screened. To be able to quickly help them out would be a nice thing to do, and
the efficiencies would probably make it a cost-free change."

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Williams

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Customs taps technology for IUU battle

LENGTH: 335  words


The Customs Department has launched a mobile app for anti-IUU activity to help
track fishing routes from the catch to the processing plant.

With the application, government officials will know where the catch was made,
how it got to the factory and its final production process, director-general
Kulit Sombatsiri said, adding that the weight of the fish shipped to plants must
correlate with that of the canned fish.

The app will link data among state agencies and alert customs officials about
suspected illegal fishing.

The department's examination of fish in the past was lacking because fish are a
duty-free product, but such data collection must now be tightened to meet
international standards, Mr Kulit said.

Meanwhile, the state-controlled Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural
Cooperatives (BAAC) has approved 93 billion baht for three loan schemes to
strengthen the farm sector.

Finance Minister Apisak Tantivorawong said the lending schemes consisted of
loans for the One Tambon One Agricultural SME programme, emergency loans to
drought-stricken farmers and loans to encourage farmers to switch to crops that
consume less water.

BAAC president Luck Wajanawat said the three loan schemes would go before the
cabinet next week.

The One Tambon One Agricultural SME loan scheme, worth 72 billion baht, is for
farmers wanting to use innovation and technology in the production process to
add value and raise productivity.

Each borrower is limited to 20 million baht in seven-year loans at 4% interest.

Loan applications will be accepted from Feb 1 this year to March 31 next year.

The BAAC has set aside 6 billion baht for emergency loans to farmers hit by
drought, with one-year loans capped at 12,000 baht per farmer. Borrowers receive
a zero interest rate for the first six months and 4% for the remaining period.

Also, 15 billion baht in loans to encourage farmers to consume less water will
be lent to agricultural communities to hire local farmers under contract. These
one-year loans carry interest of 0.01%.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

UN approves $22 million loan to boost agricultural work to prevent famine in
Somalia

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: New York



  New York: United Nations has issued the following news release:



 The United Nations agricultural agency will be further scaling up its
activities in drought-hit regions of Somalia thanks to a $22 million loan
approved this week by the UN emergency response fund.





 "More than 2.9 million people are at risk of famine and many will predictably
die from hunger if we do not act now," said the UN Emergency Relief Coordinator,
Stephen O'Brien, in a news release.



 As under-secretary-general, Mr. O'Brien heads the UN's Office for the
Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), which manages the Central Emergency
Response Fund (CERF).



 "CERF is one of the fastest ways to enable urgent response to people most in
need," he said, explaining that the loan will bridge a crucial gap and allow FAO
to immediately save lives and livelihoods of farmers and herders until
additional funds from donors are received.



 This effort is part of the international response to prevent another famine in
Somalia five years after the previous one devastated the country.



 Across Somalia, 6.2 million people will face acute food insecurity through June
2017. Of these, nearly three million people are in Phases 3 (crisis) and 4 (
emergency) of the five-phase International Phase Classification for Food
Security (IPC), representing more than a two-fold increase from six months ago.
Phase 5 is famine.



 "Livelihoods are people's best defence against famine and this $22 million loan
is critical to FAO's famine prevention and drought response in Somalia," said
FAO Deputy Director-General for Programmes, Daniel Gustafson.

















LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Vermont Recovers from Irene

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

With the second anniversary of Tropical Storm Irene approaching, Vermont's
congressional delegation today recalled heroic relief measures in the flooding's
immediate aftermath and a remarkable  rebuilding effort undertaken in the two
years since one of the worst natural disasters in Vermont history.

The Aug. 28, 2011, torrential storm killed six people in Vermont, forced
thousands from their homes, washed away hundreds of homes and bridges and miles
of roads.

"What we witnessed in the days after the disaster struck was Vermont at its best
with an outpouring of help for storm victims from thousands or friends and
neighbors, the Vermont National Guard and our state's emergency responders,"
said Sens. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Rep. Peter Welch
(D-Vt.).

"In the two years since one of the worst natural disasters in our history, we
have continued to work with Gov. Shumlin and other state and local leaders to
make certain that we receive all of the federal resources Vermont needs and
deserves to recover and rebuild," the delegation added in a joint statement.

By next week's second anniversary of the storm, the federal government will have
spent or pledged more than half a billion dollars for the state and for
homeowners and businesses across Vermont.

Altogether, more than $565 million has been committed or is in the pipeline from
the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Transportation, the
Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, the Department of Labor, the Department
of Agriculture and from Small Business Administration loans to homeowners and
small businesses.

The congressional delegation pledged to continue working with local, state and
federal officials to finish the massive rebuilding effort.

Federal Funding for Tropical Storm Irene

Updated Estimates August 22, 2013

FEMA Public Assistance


$210,000,000

FEMA Individual Assistance


$23,500,000

FEMA Hazard Mitigation Grant Program


$35,000,000

FEMA Multi-family Grant Program


$88,000

FEMA Disaster Case Management


$2,400,000

FEMA National Flood Insurance Program


$42,500,000

DOT Federal Highways Emergency Relief


$150,000,000

DOT Emergency Relief for Federally Owned Roads


$6,600,000

DOL National Emergency Grant


$2,053,000

USDA Emergency Watershed Protection (stream banks)


$6,300,000

USDA Emergency Conservation Program (farms)


$4,747,000

HUD Community Development Block Grant


$39,532,000

NeighborWorks (housing counseling and loans)


$300,000

Economic Development Administration (DOC)


$6,892,450

SBA Homeowner loans


$17,708,300

SBA Business loans


$17,415,400

Total Grants, Loans and Anticipated Funding


$565,036,150

For further information please visit: http://www.leahy.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday
                              Australian3 Edition

Drought loans not flowing to farmers

BYLINE: SUE NEALES, RURAL REPORTER

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 450  words


Federal government programs and $700 million loans -designed to help Australian
farm families cope with severe drought and ballooning debt are not reaching
their target.

Figures obtained by The Australian show only 6 per cent of the $280m of discount
loans made available to drought-affected farmers by Tony Abbott and Agriculture
Minister Barnaby Joyce on their vaunted "drought tour" in February have so far
been handed out to 28 -recipients.

Only 15 drought loans totalling $10.5m, offered at a 4.5 per cent interest rate,
have been -approved to farm businesses battling to survive the two-year drought
in Queensland. Yet a -record 75 per cent of Queensland is in drought, with a
recent survey of 600 cattle properties in the Gulf country of north Queensland
finding more than half were in financial trouble and in danger of going under.

In NSW, where the northwest is enduring its driest year on record and Premier
Mike Baird is on a drought crisis tour, just 13 cheap drought loans to farmers,
worth $6.1m, have been distrib-uted. No farmers in other states have qualified
for the loans.

Mr Joyce denied the low loan -approval rate was evidence of a failed drought
policy.

"It's basically because the scheme has only been up and running for a couple of
months," a spokesman for Mr Joyce said.

"There are a number of applications in the system waiting to be approved; we
expect the full $100m each in NSW and Queensland to be taken up." Many
drought-affected farmers are finding it difficult to obtain new emergency relief
funding via Centrelink, described when announced in February by Mr Joyce as
putting "food on the table and fuel in the car" of desperate rural families.

This week's Department of Human Services figures detail that 3295 farm families
and hard-hit rural businesses have applied for the handouts - equivalent to
weekly unemployment benefits - since they kicked in on July 1.

But no payouts have been made while others have been rejected, angering western
Queensland Nationals MP Bruce Scott.

Mr Scott told western Queensland newspapers last week that he was appalled at
the 70 pages of documents -required for farmers to apply for drought loans or a
Centrelink food allowance worth a few hundred dollars, while others were being
knocked back because their farm accounts still had money in them.

"Farming households in a dire cashflow situation are despondent after Centrelink
deemed a few thousand dollars set aside to buy crop seed once it rains had to be
exhausted before they were eligible for support to buy food for their families,"
Mr Scott wrote.Gulf Cattlemen's Association president Barry Hughes, in Canberra
this week, agreed that -accessing the cheap loans was too difficult.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Drought loans not flowing to farmers

BYLINE: SUE NEALES, RURAL REPORTER

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 449  words


Federal government programs and $700 million loans -designed to help Australian
farm families cope with severe drought and ballooning debt are not reaching
their target.

Figures obtained by The Australian show only 6 per cent of the $280m of discount
loans made available to drought-affected farmers by Tony Abbott and Agriculture
Minister Barnaby Joyce on their vaunted "drought tour" in February have so far
been handed out to 28 -recipients.

Only 15 drought loans totalling $10.5m, offered at a 4.5 per cent interest rate,
have been approved to farm businesses battling to survive the two year-drought
in Queensland. Yet a record 75 per cent of Queensland is in drought, with a
recent survey of 600 cattle properties in the Gulf country of north Queensland
finding more than half were in financial trouble and in danger of going under.

In NSW, where the northwest is enduring its driest year on record and Premier
Mike Baird is on a drought crisis tour, just 13 cheap drought loans to farmers,
worth $6.1m, have been distrib-uted. No farmers in other states have qualified
for the loans.

Mr Joyce denied the low loan -approval rate was evidence of a failed drought
policy.

"It's basically because the scheme has only been up and running for a couple of
months," a spokesman for Mr Joyce said.

"There are a number of applications in the system waiting to be approved; we
expect the full $100m each in NSW and Queensland to be taken up." Many
drought-affected farmers are finding it difficult to obtain new emergency relief
funding via Centrelink, described when announced in February by Mr Joyce as
putting "food on the table and fuel in the car" of desperate rural families.

This week's Department of Human Services figures detail that 3295 farm families
and hard-hit rural businesses have applied for the handouts - equivalent to
weekly unemployment benefits - since they kicked in on July 1.

But no payouts have been made while others have been rejected, angering western
Queensland Nationals MP Bruce Scott.

Mr Scott told western Queensland newspapers last week that he was appalled at
the 70 pages of documents -required for farmers to apply for drought loans or a
Centrelink food allowance worth a few hundred dollars, while others were being
knocked back because their farm accounts still had money in them.

"Farming households in a dire cashflow situation are despondent after Centrelink
deemed a few thousand dollars set aside to buy crop seed once it rains had to be
exhausted before they were eligible for support to buy food for their families,"
Mr Scott wrote.Gulf Cattlemen's Association president Barry Hughes, in Canberra
this week, agreed that -accessing the cheap loans was too difficult.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Drought loans not flowing to farmers

BYLINE: SUE NEALES, RURAL REPORTER

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 449  words


Federal government programs and $700 million loans -designed to help Australian
farm families cope with severe drought and ballooning debt are not reaching
their target.

Figures obtained by The Australian show only 6 per cent of the $280m of discount
loans made available to drought-affected farmers by Tony Abbott and Agriculture
Minister Barnaby Joyce on their vaunted "drought tour" in February have so far
been handed out to 28 -recipients.

Only 15 drought loans totalling $10.5m, offered at a 4.5 per cent interest rate,
have been approved to farm businesses battling to survive the two year-drought
in Queensland. Yet a record 75 per cent of Queensland is in drought, with a
recent survey of 600 cattle properties in the Gulf country of north Queensland
finding more than half were in financial trouble and in danger of going under.

In NSW, where the northwest is enduring its driest year on record and Premier
Mike Baird is on a drought crisis tour, just 13 cheap drought loans to farmers,
worth $6.1m, have been distrib-uted. No farmers in other states have qualified
for the loans.

Mr Joyce denied the low loan -approval rate was evidence of a failed drought
policy.

"It's basically because the scheme has only been up and running for a couple of
months," a spokesman for Mr Joyce said.

"There are a number of applications in the system waiting to be approved; we
expect the full $100m each in NSW and Queensland to be taken up." Many
drought-affected farmers are finding it difficult to obtain new emergency relief
funding via Centrelink, described when announced in February by Mr Joyce as
putting "food on the table and fuel in the car" of desperate rural families.

This week's Department of Human Services figures detail that 3295 farm families
and hard-hit rural businesses have applied for the handouts - equivalent to
weekly unemployment benefits - since they kicked in on July 1.

But no payouts have been made while others have been rejected, angering western
Queensland Nationals MP Bruce Scott.

Mr Scott told western Queensland newspapers last week that he was appalled at
the 70 pages of documents -required for farmers to apply for drought loans or a
Centrelink food allowance worth a few hundred dollars, while others were being
knocked back because their farm accounts still had money in them.

"Farming households in a dire cashflow situation are despondent after Centrelink
deemed a few thousand dollars set aside to buy crop seed once it rains had to be
exhausted before they were eligible for support to buy food for their families,"
Mr Scott wrote.Gulf Cattlemen's Association president Barry Hughes, in Canberra
this week, agreed that -accessing the cheap loans was too difficult.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Administration Supports Expanding Law That Governs Acquisition of Failed Banks

                             March 21, 1986, Friday

By Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 20


The Reagan administration today threw its support behind efforts to broaden a
law that allows the interstate acquisition of failed banks to counter
instability in the banking industry caused by problems in the farm and oil
sectors.

But beyond support for that law, the administration gave clear signals that it
believes federal regulators can handle the problems of banks heavily involved in
farm and energy bank loans and that Congress should not approve a wholesale
bailout of those sectors.

Treasury under secretary for finance George D. Gould told the House Banking
Committee that Congress should extend the 1982 emergency acquisition law beyond
its April 15 expiration date. He said the administration supports proposals by
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chairman L. William Seidman that would apply the
law to more banks than under current law.

The law should be expanded because although it currently ''provides some
flexibility to maintain credit services to areas served by failed banks,'' it
also contains ''significant restrictions that hamper regulators' efforts to
solve problem cases,'' Mr. Gould said.

The law now allows the acquisition by out-of-state banks of failed financial
institutions with assets of more than $500 million. Mr. Seidman recently
proposed that out-of-state banks be allowed to acquire not only banks that have
already failed but also those close to insolvency. In addition, he suggested
Congress broaden the law so that a troubled bank with assets of $250 million or
more can be acquired by out-of-state banks.

In his testimony, Mr. Gould sought to downplay the effects of recent precipitous
drops in oil prices for banks primarily involved in energy loans.  These banks,
in general, ''are in pretty good shape,'' because most of them anticipated oil
prices would decline, he said.

Beyond extending the 1982 law, Mr. Gould said he saw no need for Congress to
legislate a solution to the problems of energy banks. ''The oil problem as it is
known to us can be handled by the same sort of regulatory action'' that the
federal banking regulators have proposed for the farm bank crisis, he said.

Mr. Gould was referring to a joint announcement on March 11 by the Federal
Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. detailing how those agencies would work together to
handle the farm bank crisis.

The agencies said they would allow troubled farm banks to operate below minimum
capital requirements. They also reaffirmed their policy to encourage banks not
to foreclose on farm loans and to restructure the loans. The agencies also said
they would continue their policy of not requiring farm banks to automatically
charge off loans that have been restructured.

Mr. Gould said additional measures, which have been suggested by several
congressmen, are not needed to handle the farm crisis. ''I have felt all the way
along that legislation was not necessary. The key elements of the joint
statement achieve the ends that go a long way toward solving the problem,'' Mr.
Gould said.

One such measure, which is supported by banking industry groups, would allow
banks the latitude to assess individual problem loans and, upon determining that
future prospects for repayment existed, banks would then be able to charge off
just 10% of a loan per year.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 563 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Designates Dorchester County in South Carolina as a Primary Natural
Disaster Area

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) has designated Dorchester County in South
Carolina as a primary natural disaster area due to damages and losses caused by
a tornado that occurred on June 4, 2013.


"Our hearts go out to those South Carolina farmers and ranchers affected by
recent natural disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "President
Obama and I are committed to ensuring that agriculture remains a bright spot in
our nation's economy by sustaining the successes of America's farmers, ranchers
and rural communities through these difficult times. We're also telling South
Carolina producers that USDA stands with you and your communities when severe
weather and natural disasters threaten to disrupt your livelihood."


Farmers and ranchers in the following counties in South Carolina also qualify
for natural disaster assistance because their counties are contiguous. Those
counties are:


Berkeley

Charleston

Colleton

Orangeburg


All counties listed above were designated natural disaster areas Sept. 11, 2013,
making all qualified farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low
interest emergency (EM) loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided
eligibility requirements are met. Farmers in eligible counties have eight months
from the date of the declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their
actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking
into account the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability. FSA
has a variety of programs, in addition to the EM loan program, to help eligible
farmers recover from adversity.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 30, 1998, Thursday

Disaster aid available for farms hurt by weather

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 195 words



The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency will offer federal
disaster assistance to eligible family farmers. Losses must have been caused  by
record high temperatures and drought conditions that occurred from May 1
through June 24 and beyond. Emergency loan applications are available at 30407
Commerce Drive, San Antonio, FL. For information, call 588-5211.

Enrichment centers offer

packet for medical data

   The Spring Hill Regional Hospital Enrichment Center, 1244 Mariner Blvd.,
Spring Hill, and the Brooksville Regional Hospital Enrichment Center, 711
Benton Ave., Brooksville, will act as a distribution point for "File of  Life"
packets. The packet lists a resident's medications, medical conditions,
allergies, emergency contacts and other information on a card that is kept in  a
person's wallet or purse. Another card is placed in a magnetic holder  displayed
on the front of the refrigerator door. The goal is to make available
information that might save a life in an emergency. The packets are free at  the
centers. For information, call Spring Hill at 686-4991 or Brooksville at
754-5120.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                       April 8, 2001 Sunday Final Edition

Bitter harvest: The price of apples is going through the floor and, in the
absence of help from B.C., farmers are trying to stave off foreclosure

SOURCE: Staff Reporter

BYLINE: Greg Middleton

SECTION: News; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 591 words

DATELINE: KELOWNA

KELOWNA - Desperate fruit growers are considering ripping out their trees in the
wake of B.C.'s decision to wriggle out of an emergency aid package for farmers.

"Everyone is just reeling," said Glen Lucus, general manager of the Okanagan
Fruit Growers Association. "We've been sucker-punched. We have a provincial
government that just doesn't care about agriculture."

Premier Ujjal Dosanjh dropped the bombshell last week when he said B.C. would
not contribute new money to what was supposed to be a $41-million emergency aid
package. Instead, he said, B.C.'s contribution would be already existing loan
guarantees.

Ottawa put up $24.4 million for B.C. as part of a $500-million federal farm aid
package.

The deal was that the provincial government would put in $16.7 million for the
$41 million total.

Unlike most other provinces -- such as Ontario, which added $20 million to its
required contribution, and Quebec, which is putting in four times the required
amount -- B.C. is putting in no money.

B.C.'s 1,100 fruit growers figured they would get about $18 million of the $41
million. Now the best they will get is $6 to $8 million. The rest of Ottawa's
$24.4 million is going to wheat, cranberry, potato and onion growers, who are
also facing hard times because of low prices and poor crops.

Earlier in the week, farmers drove their tractors through town to the government
offices to try to persuade B.C. to ante up its share.

One farmer who took part in the protest and agreed to talk to The Province in
the expectation of good news instead left a message saying he was at the bank
trying to renegotiate a mortgage to save his orchard.

Others are talking about cutting down trees for firewood to save them the cost
of spraying for the coddling moth, which is required whether the fruit is picked
or not.

Growers got an average of $80 for an 800-pound bin for last year's crop -- about
10 cents a pound. That's about the same price apple wood sells for. Apples cost
two to three times that to produce.

Apple grower Dave Stirling, who has been unable to repay much of last year's
$80,000 operating loan, said some growers are facing foreclosure. Others will
probably not be able to keep their orchards going this year.

"It's a slap in the face," said Stirling, a fourth-generation Okanagan farmer.
"I know farmers who don't have an operating loan for this year. The banks are
going to be calling in a lot of loans. It just isn't economic to grow fruit any
more."

He and other farmers say that if the government is going to keep farm land
frozen in the Agricultural Land Reserve, it needs to be prepared to subsidize
farmers, who are faced with overwhelming pressure from low global food prices.

B.C., with 8,000 hectares of orchards, competes with Washington state's 81,000
hectares. And China, where labour costs are minimal, is now growing apples.

"We should probably be growing retirement homes here," said Stirling.

He said more than 5,000 people work in businesses related to the fruit industry
and generate $100 million in taxes.

He feels the NDP government's inaction is payback for the years this area voted
Social Credit.

"What can you expect?" he said. "Maybe with a change of government things will
change."

Said B.C. Agriculture Minister Ed Conroy: "If there was more I could do
immediately I would. We only heard about this problem in February."

He said he would try to get the federal money to farmers as quickly as possible.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Dave Stirling Color Photo: Ric Ernst, The Province; Apple
trees are ready to burst into flower throughout the Okanagan, but growers say
the bloom is off the blossom, with some farmers facing foreclosure and others
probably unable to keep going this year.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Iowa's Message to Washington: Farms Are in Serious Trouble;
Nebraska Officials May Follow Suit on Foreclosure Moratorium

                            October 7, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT


Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa said his decision to invoke a moratorium on farm
foreclosures in the state was designed to send a ''loud and clear'' message to
Washington, D.C., about the seriousness of the farm crisis.

The volume of that message may be raised in the following weeks as at least one
other Farm Belt state considers doing the same thing.

On Tuesday, Gov. Branstad declared an economic emergency in Iowa, thereby
triggering a law that allows farmers to go to court to get a one-year delay on
foreclosure actions against them.

The postponement of the foreclosure action must be approved by a district court
judge, and a lender can petition to terminate the moratorium if it can show that
it has acted in good faith, that it has helped the farmer to use all available
federal and state programs, and that the farmer has not made interest payments
on the debt.

In addition to calling national attention to the farm crisis, the move is
designed to give breathing room to Iowa's 110,000 farmers, 40% of whom have
severe financial problems.

In the wake of Iowa's actions, government officials in Nebraska also were
studying the issue.

A meeting took place last Tuesday between members of Nebraska Gov. Bob Kerrey's
staff and the Nebraska attorney general's office to discuss legal issues
surrounding lengthening the time a farmer could postpone a fore closure.

Nebraska currently has a law that allows a farmer to go to court to get a
nine-month stay of execution of a foreclosure and is considering extending that
stay to two years, said Bill Kerrey, staff assistant to the governor.

The moratorium issue could arise at a special session of the Nebraska state
legislature that is expected to be called sometime this year. No date for the
special session has been set, but Mr. Kerrey predicted that before the end of
the year, Nebraska would take some action allowing a farmer to postpone a fore
closure.

Pete Croghan of Woodbine, a farmer and president of the Iowa Farmers Union,
praised Gov. Branstad's action. Mr. Croghan said that in discussions with the
governor's aides, he was told that an estimated 1,000 farmers could benefit from
the moratorium.

Of the 110,000 farmers in Iowa, 40% have severe financial problems, according to
the state agriculture department. Those farmers have a debt-to-asset ratio above
70%. But many analysts predict that farmers with debt-to-asset ratios above 40%
have only a slim chance of staying in business.

Despite the action taken by Gov. Branstad, some analysts say few farmers in Iowa
are expected to benefit from the moratorium. And legal challenges may come from
the Farm Credit System, which could contest the right of a state to regulate a
federally chartered system.

The Farm Credit System was one of the main targets of the new Iowa law.  Gov.
Branstad has said he fears that the financially ailing system is planning a
''massive liquidation'' of farmers in Iowa and three other Midwest states.

Though the Farm Credit System has made no decision on whether to fight the
moratorium in court, John Harling, president of the Farm Credit Bank in Omaha,
said in a prepared statement that ''we can live with the basic provisions of the
action.'' The Omaha bank has lending authority in Iowa.

Other legal challenges could focus on what kinds of farm loans are covered by
the moratorium. The Iowa law mentions only farm real estate loans, and
uncertainty surrounds whether that means only direct loans for farm real estate
or other types of loans collateralized with farm real estate.

The Iowa Bankers Association, which has opposed moratorium proposals for several
years, said farmers would not be helped by the governor's decision.  Most
individual bankers mirrored that viewpoint, saying it will make lenders more
hesitant to extend credit to farmers.

''It will change the way we look at the loan,'' said Royce Nelson, vice
president at Exchange State Bank in Collins. If the bank doesn't have the option
of seeking foreclosure on a farm loan that has soured, he explained, the bank
may be reluctant to make the loan in the first place.

SECTION: NEWS MONDAY; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 685 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, TERRY BRANSTAD

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

Local senators post perfect roll-call attendance

BYLINE: By Bob Katzen

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1069 words


THE SENATE: The Senate held 469 roll-call votes in fiscal 2016. Beacon Hill Roll
Call tabulates the number of roll calls on which each senator was present and
voting and then calculates that number as a percentage of the total roll-call
votes held. That percentage is the number referred to as the roll-call
attendance record.

Seventeen of the Senate's 40 members have 100 percent roll-call attendance
records.

The senator who missed the most roll calls is Sen. Kenneth Donnelly,
D-Arlington, who missed 91 of them (80.6 percent attendance). Last month,
Donnelly underwent surgery to remove a tumor from his brain.

The other four senators who missed the most roll calls are Sens. Brian Joyce,
D-Milton, 57 roll calls (87.8 percent attendance); Marc Pacheco, D-Taunton, 27
roll calls (94.2 percent attendance); Barbara L'Italien, D-Andover, 20 roll
calls (95.7 percent attendance); and Daniel Wolf, D-Harwich, 19 roll calls (95.9
percent attendance).

Beacon Hill Roll Call requested a statement from those five senators. Here are
the responses from their offices:

Donnelly's office: "Sen. Donnelly was unable to be present at the formal session
on Sunday, July 31, 2016 due to a medical issue."

Joyce's office: "Sen. Joyce rarely missed votes in 18 years but had absences
this year for medical reasons and for the death of a family member."

Pacheco's office did not respond.

L'Italien's office: "The vast majority of the votes missed were during two
occasions, when Sen. L'Italien was attending a funeral out of state for a family
member, and while she was attending a 'women in government conference' with
colleagues."

Wolf's office: "Sen. Wolf was invited to speak at the Brookings Institution on
the impact of money in the political process. This longstanding invite and
commitment conflicted with a formal session, explaining the majority of missed
roll-call votes."

LOCAL SENATORS' 2016 ROLL-CALL ATTENDANCE RECORDS -- The percentage listed next
to the senator's name is the percentage of roll-call votes for which the senator
was present and voting. The number in parentheses represents the number of roll
calls that the senator missed.

* Sen. James Eldridge, D-Acton, 100 percent (0)

* Sen. Jennifer Flanagan, D-Leominster, 100 percent (0)

* Sen. Anne Gobi, D-Spencer, 100 percent (0)

Also up on Beacon Hill

TELL VICTIMS RAPE KITS ARE KEPT FOR 15 YEARS (H 4364): The House and Senate have
approved different versions of a bill that would require all rape kits be kept
for a minimum of 15 years. The measure also requires that rape victims be
notified immediately that the kit will be kept for that length of time.

Current law also allows the kits to be kept for 15 years but initially only
requires they be kept for six months unless the victim files a request for an
extension. The Senate version now goes to the House for consideration.

EDUCATION BILLS SHIPPED OFF TO THE GRAVEYARD: The Education Committee shipped
dozens of bills off to a study committee. Most measures that are shipped off to
a study committee are never actually studied and are essentially defeated.

Last week's batch included several bills that attempted to require high schools
to teach specific courses to their students including civics (H 346), the
history of working people and the labor movement (H 373) and acts of genocide
around the world including the Holocaust, the Famine-Genocide in Ukraine, the
Armenian Genocide, the Pontian Greek Genocide and more recent atrocities in
Cambodia, Bosnia, Rwanda and Sudan (H 473).

Another measure requires students to complete a course in civics in order to
receive their high school diploma. The course would educate students in the
composition and functioning of local, state, and federal government,
responsibilities and duties as an American citizen, opportunities for voter
participation and exposure to current events and identification of government
officials.

TEACH DOCTORS ABOUT EATING DISORDERS (H 201): The Consumer Protection and
Professional Licensure Committee sent off to a study committee a bill that would
require all doctors and physician assistants to complete a one-hour online
course on the early recognition of eating disorders. The proposal also prohibits
a hospital from granting or renewing professional privileges or association to a
physician or physician assistant who has not completed the training.

Another bill sent to a study committee would establish a "second chance" lottery
to help address the problem of lottery ticket litter.

The same fate met a proposal that would require car dealers to inform car
buyers, in writing, that federal law makes it illegal for motor-vehicle
manufacturers or dealers to void or deny coverage under a motor-vehicle warranty
solely because an aftermarket part was installed or someone other than the
dealer performed service on the vehicle.

FARM-TO-SCHOOL MONTH (H 2782): The House and Senate approved a bill that would
designate the month of October as Massachusetts Farm-to-School Month in
recognition of the vital role agriculture plays in the state's culture, heritage
and economy.

The measure also commends the farm-to-school programs which make it easier for
local farmers to supply schools with healthy, locally grown food. The proposal
needs final approval in each branch before it goes to the governor's desk.

GET INFO ABOUT MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGES: Last week saw the launch of the new,
full-service web portal that will allow Bay State students and their families to
explore a wide range of academic offerings at the state's public colleges and
universities. The site will allow the state's high school and college students
to identify and compare a wide range of degree programs, transfer option and
college costs at all 28 public undergraduate colleges. The site is at
www.mass.edu/MassTransfer

BAKER ADMINISTRATION LAUNCHES DROUGHT EMERGENCY LOAN FUND: The Baker
administration announced the launch of the Massachusetts Drought Emergency Loan
Fund which will provide up to $1 million in loans to family farms and other
small businesses affected by widespread drought in Massachusetts. The loans
range from $5,000 to $10,000. More information and applications are at
www.massgcc.com

HOW LONG WAS LAST WEEK'S SESSION? During the week of Sept. 5-9, the House met
for a total 47 minutes while the Senate met for a total of 26 minutes.

Bob Katzen welcomes feedback at bob@beaconhillrollcall.com © 2016 Beacon Hill
Roll Call. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

5-3 NEWS LOCAL BRIEFS

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. 5-3 NEWS LOCAL BRIEFS

LENGTH: 681 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Lincolnway downtown pedestrian open house delayed to Tuesday

The Metropolitan Planning Organization postponed the Lincolnway Downtown
Pedestrian and Placemaking Plan Open House because of weather.

The open house has been rescheduled for 5 to 7 p.m. Tuesday, May 7 at the Hynds
Building.

For more information, contact the Metropolitan Planning Organization at 638-4385

.

F.E. Warren Air Force Base to host Retiree Appreciation Day

F.E. Warren Air Force Base will host this year's Retiree Appreciation Day on
Saturday at the 90th Medical Group Clinic.

The event allows retired military members and their families to enjoy several
base services and learn about various veterans organizations.

Opening ceremonies will start at 9 a.m. A luncheon will be provided from 11 a.m.
to 1 p.m.

South High School to hold first ever Life After Prom celebration

Cheyenne Regional Medical Center's Injury Prevention program, Safe Communities,
in partnership with State Farm, Wyoming Highway Patrol and others, are
sponsoring the first ever South High Life After Prom Celebration this Saturday.

This free event is an alternative to unsupervised house parties for junior and
senior high students.

With a $20,000 grant from State Farm, Safe Communities has also bought a new
driving simulator that will be used for the first time at the Life After Prom
event. This touch screen desktop computer replicates common driving situations
such as noisy friends, heavy traffic and pedestrians. The simulator can be set
for texting or drinking-and-driving simulation as well.

The event will include a photo booth with instant printed pictures, a DJ, a
movie area and games. Students will have the opportunity to win prizes,
including an iPod, a teen gym membership and Cheyenne Frontier Days rodeo
tickets. There will also be gift certificates to various bookstores so students
can get help buying textbooks for college in the fall.

The Life After Prom Party will be held in the South High commons area directly
following prom, from midnight to 3 a.m. Entry will be free for all South High
junior and senior students with school ID, as well as one date.

Warning sirens to sound today

as part of monthly system test

The Laramie County Emergency Management Agency is once again scheduled to test
the Outdoor Warning Siren system at 10 a.m. today in Pine Bluffs and noon Friday
in Cheyenne, Albin and Burns.

The warning sirens will sound a steady signal for one to three minutes on the
first Friday of every month, according to a news release.

The siren signal means "take cover immediately." The sirens are designed to be
heard by people who are outdoors, and they may be heard through open doors and
windows. People inside of buildings might not hear the sirens.

During an actual emergency, once residents have taken shelter, they are advised
to turn radios or televisions to a local broadcast station to get additional
emergency information.

Southern Water Transmission Main bid awarded by BOPU

The Cheyenne Board of Public Utilities awarded the bid for construction of the
Southern Water Transmission Main Phase II to Garney Wyoming Inc.

The project cost is $21,040,145. The BOPU received five bids ranging from $21
million to $29 million.

The project will construct a 42-inch, 11.5-mile water transmission main that
will loop south of Cheyenne. The transmission main is needed to supplement
flows, provide redundancy and meet water demand in the southern areas of
Cheyenne, according to a news release.

It is the second phase of the project. The first phase constructed 2.5 miles of
42-inch transmission main from the Sherard Water Treatment Plant to Round Top
Road. The second phase extends that transmission main south under Interstate 80,
east under Interstate 25 and connects to the water distribution mains at Parsley
Boulevard and Walterscheid Boulevard.

Funding for the project comes from a Wyoming Water Development Commission Grant
and a Clean Water State Revolving Fund Loan through the Wyoming Office of State
Lands and Investments. Debt service for the loan will be funded from revenue
generated through water bills.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Bolivia's first crop insurance scheme promises to empower farmers

BYLINE: Mattia Cabitzaguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 857 words

ABSTRACT

Mattia Cabitza: Farmers finally have a much-needed alternative to loans as they
seek to safeguard against the ruinous effects of natural disaster

FULL TEXT

Natural disasters can come with six-digit figures of damage and debt attached,
even in Latin America's poorest country. Bolivia's rural areas, still dependent
on rain cycles, are the most financially vulnerable to drought, frost, hail,
floods and other weather adversities. Lose your crops, farmers say, and you're
left with nothing but your debts.

Luis Alvaro Toledo, who's worked in the insurance business for more than 30
years, believes he has a solution. "To think of crop insurance in Bolivia used
to be a utopia," he says. "But we're now going to give cheap and accessible
insurance to very small farmers."

Toledo leads one of the partners in Bolivia's first crop insurance scheme, which
will be rolled out as a pilot project in the southern region of Tarija, on the
border with Argentina, before the onset of the rainy season at the end of the
year. The scheme, undertaken with support from the International Labour
Organisation (ILO) and one of the first of its kind in Latin America, gives
triple protection to very small farmers: insurance against the loss of food
crops, life insurance in case a close family members dies, and property
insurance should tools be stolen or a leaking roof damage food supplies.

Bolivia has one of the world's most far-reaching micro-credit industries. In a
country of 10 million people, the biggest bank, BancoSol, is loaning $500m to
more than 150,000 Bolivians. Yet Miguel Solana, a programme officer who runs the
Bolivia project at the ILO, says: "Credit is not the only solution." He believes
farmers in Latin America have wrongly been given loans for far too long, when
they would have derived greater benefit from an insurance policy instead.

"We have to think that farmers need to have access to different financial
products, to help them cope with different needs in their daily activities. But
people ask for credit for things that happened [like a bad harvest] that could
have been covered by insurance," says Solana.

He argues that if a farmer wants to grow by acquiring more land or better tools,
for example, it makes sense to get a loan that can be repaid after a good
harvest. But for credit to work well, he adds, harvests need to be protected by
insurance. Otherwise, a farmer who loses an entire crop because of bad weather
will have great difficulty repaying.

Farmers in the rural town of Tomatas, near the city of Tarija, are familiar with
financial institutions like BancoSol, Banco FIE, Banco Los Andes Procredit, and
Pro Mujer, all with branches in their rural community. At the age of 63, Abel
Sigler still farms the land with his six children. "A lot of us ask for a loan
to plant potatoes or peas," he says. "Come hail or a frost, we lose everything.
But we still have to give back this loan no matter what, and have to sell a cow
to pay it back."

José Santos has also been farming for decades. "We farm with the bones of our
own hands, and hope we'll have good luck with the weather." But last year
Feliciano Gallardo wasn't so lucky. "I planted corn and wheat in mid-November,
but it still wasn't raining," he says. "Then a frost came and froze everything.
The wheat hadn't grown, and the corn hadn't ripened - just very small grains.
When this happens, we have to seek other work so that we can begin farming again
the following year."

Work migrations are not only common, but sometimes permanent. "My three
daughters live in Argentina," says Ruperto Segobia, another farmer. "People want
to leave. There isn't a person in town who hasn't been to Argentina or doesn't
have family there."

Helped by international donors, Bolivia does deliver emergency aid to
communities after major natural disasters. But Ernesto Farfán of Profin, one of
the partners in the project, believes farmers can't rely on this assistance, as
it's patchy and largely ineffective. "It not only takes months for aid to reach
these communities," says Farfán. "But it also comes with food, mattresses and
blankets - things that aren't relevant to farmers to restart their productive
cycle." Emergency aid is needed in such disasters, he agrees, but only with
insurance can farmers speedily recover their financial investment, buy new seeds
and bounce back.

The ILO, with funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, wants to
empower farmers like the ones in Tomatas to make the right financial investment,
so they don't fall into deeper poverty or find themselves forced to move to the
city in search of work.

Solana wants to roll out the project nationwide next year and hopes to use the
lessons learned from Bolivia in other countries in the region. "When I'm insured
as a farmer," he says, "I feel like I never lose out. And that's why I invest in
new machinery and better seeds, and how I get out of poverty." As in India,
stories circulate in Bolivia of people who kill themselves when unable to repay
a loan. The ILO believes offering small insurance policies to poor farmers is a
way to avoid anyone resorting to such desperate measures.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Eurocrats on hols as farmers face credit crunch

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 390 words


IT'S THAT time of year again as Brussels has cleared out for the summer.

But for farmers, the traditional endof-season liquidity crunch has set in, with
cashflow issues at their most acute.

Add to that the ongoing dairy price crash, inclement weather and Brexit
uncertainty, and you have the makings of what the IFA says is a 'farm income
crisis'.

"Farm families are under huge pressure as cashflow tightens and the viability of
their family farm is put at risk," said IFA President Joe Healy when the group
published its pre-budget submission last week.

The EU recently awarded Ireland (EURO)11m from a new (EURO)500m emergency dairy
fund, which the Government is hoping can help fund short-term loans to
cash-strapped farmers.

But what farmers need more, particularly young farmers, is easier access to bank
loans.

The legacy of the financial crisis is still hampering lending, with Irish
interest rates among the highest in Europe.

While they may not be as high as fellow bailout countries Greece, Cyprus or
Portugal, farmers' groups including the IFA have been lobbying the European
Investment Bank (EIB), the EU's longterm lending arm, to see if it can help to
offset the problem.

The EIB has a specific loan guarantee scheme for agriculture and rural
development, and is working with banks like Credit Agricole to finance farming
succession in France.

But the EIB is still a bank, one whose portfolio is guaranteed by EU member
states, and so it is less inclined to invest in countries where there has been a
major banking crisis.

Alan Jagoe, President of the European young farmers' association (CEJA), says
there needs to be more flexibility, particularly for younger farmers who don't
have the credit history to tap loans.

"Banks need to look at the bigger picture," Jagoe says. "There needs to be a
will there, both politically and within the financial institutions, to do it."

One solution could be for the EIB to help fund and promote national schemes,
such as the Glanbia MilkFlex fund.

The fund blends company money with contributions from the Ireland Strategic
Investment Fund to provide cheaper loans to Glanbia suppliers, with repayments
linked to variations in milk prices.

Guarantees are another option. Lithuania's Agricultural Credit Guarantee Fund
underwrites a portion of loans to farmers wanting to purchase new livestock or
equipment.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                              July 19, 2004 Monday

Three counties await decision on disaster aid

BYLINE: David Knutson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


Heavy rains washed out crops in three Minnesota counties this spring, prompting
Gov. Tim Pawlenty to call for disaster aid.

Lake of the Woods, Roseau and Marshall counties all sustained crop damage of
more than 30 percent due to soaked fields.

The matter is now in the hands of U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman, who
will decide whether to designate the counties as federal disaster areas. That
designation would allow eligible farmers to receive low-interest loans to aid
their recovery.

Warren Pommier, state program specialist with the USDA's Farm Service Agency in
St. Paul, said Roseau received the most damage - losing up to 90 percent of
crops in some cases. Marshall suffered 50 percent loss, while Lake of the Woods
had about 60 percent loss. The figures are still rough estimates, he said.

"Most of it was because land didn't even get planted," Pommier said. "It stayed
wet too long from the heavy rains."

The governor's request to the USDA came after the Minnesota State Emergency
Board determined the counties to be eligible for disaster declaration.

The board is made up of representatives of federal farm agencies as well as the
state Department of Agriculture and Minnesota Extension Service.

The USDA is expected to respond to the request from Pawlenty in four to six
weeks.

To be eligible for the low-interest loans, producers must present evidence of
their need, Pommier said.

"They have to show they need the money to keep their farm operation going," he
said. "They still have to meet the criteria."

Farmers also have crop insurance that they can access before turning to the
federal low-interest low programs, Pommier noted.

"In those counties, they probably have between 90 and 95 percent participation
in crop insurance," he said.

Tom Decock, a loan specialist with the Farm Service Agency, said during the last
fiscal year Minnesota farmers received 695 direct low-interest loans amounting
to $42 million from the USDA and another 784 guaranteed loans amounting to $146
million.

Those figures are roughly average for recent years, he said.

The numbers were much higher during the farm crisis years such as those of the
mid-1980s or in 1994 following the massive flooding of the Mississippi River the
year before.

"Our loan activity often follows a poor situation (for farmers)," Decock said.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

Durbin discusses options with farmers

BYLINE: Jason Nevel; Staff Writer, JASON.NEVEL@SJ-R.COM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 370 words


One look at the 3 and 4-inch ears of corn with missing kernels pulled from J.D.
Suddeth's farm and it's easy to see what a drought does to crops.

Suddeth, who owns a farm west of Springfield, said the ears should be 9 to 10
inches long at this point.

"I've definitely had a few sleepless nights," Suddeth said. "We're hoping we can
cover our costs and be able to play again next year."

The effect of the drought on Illinois farmers, emergency assistance options and
the need for lawmakers to pass a new Farm Bill were discussed Sunday when U.S.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., met with top agriculture officials from the state and
local farmers at Gardner Town Hall, 1266 N. Bradforton Road.

Bob Flider, acting director of the Illinois Agriculture Department; Phillip
Nelson, president of Illinois Farm Bureau; Alan Entwistle, president of the
Sangamon County Farm Bureau; Scherrie Giamanco, state director of the Farm
Service Agency and Suddeth joined Durbin.

The senator, who lives in Springfield, said there are assistance programs
available for farmers hit hard by the severe drought, the worst the state has
seen since 1988.

He said the federal government is offering loans with an interest rate of 2.25
percent to help farmers make ends meet.

The loans could be especially important for farmers who decided not to purchase
crop insurance, Durbin said.

"These loans won't solve all their problems, but they'll help them bridge the
gap in costs and keep them producing for years to come."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture also plans to release certain Conservation
Reserve Program acres for haying and livestock grazing, Durbin said.

According to Suddeth, if the government doesn't act fast to release the land,
which are grassy areas typically set aside near timberlines on the edge of
cornfields for wildlife, it will be too late.

"If we continue with this dry weather, the nutrient value we could have captured
is not going to be there," he said.

Durbin also urged the House to approve a Farm Bill, which was passed by the
Senate 64-35 last month.

The legislation is set to expire this fall, and farmers are faced with
uncertainty about regulations and funding options, he said.

Jason Nevel can be reached at 788-1521.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved
