
                               1 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Ten questions to ask before you choose a scheme;
There are 41 open medical schemes to choose from in South Africa. Financial
consultant Craig Torr, who addressed the recent meeting of the acsis/Personal
Finance Financial Planning Club, says there are 10 key questions you should ask
before you decide on the scheme and the option that best meets your needs. A'
Eysha Kassiem reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 2293 words


Few things are as valuable as your health, and setting aside funds for medical
costs should be part of your financial planning. With so many medical schemes to
choose from, it's hard to decide on one that suits your needs and lifestyle.

Craig Torr, who is a Certified Financial Planner, says choosing a scheme need
not be confusing. Torr has spent 10 years in the private healthcare industry as
a sales manager for Discovery Health, and has since launched his own financial
planning practice, Crue Consulting.

He spoke at the recent acsis/Personal Finance Financial Planning Club meeting on
how you should choose an appropriate medical scheme. He says choosing a medical
scheme means finding the one that has the highest probability of being around in
the long term.

Ten key questions

Torr warns that despite the emergence of new schemes, it appears that the
"bigger players are getting bigger and the smaller players are getting smaller".

So, while you may be faced with choosing from 41 open schemes and 219 plan
options, Torr says you need to consider 10 key questions when choosing the one
that works for you. These questions are:

1. What is the scheme's solvency level? A medical scheme's solvency level is the
amount of money the scheme has in reserve expressed as a percentage of its
contribution income. Schemes are required by law to have 25 percent of their
contributions in reserve to cushion the scheme in the event that it suffers
underwriting losses in a particular year. When choosing a medical scheme, you
should consider whether it meets the 25 percent reserve level. If it does not,
you should try to find out why.

But, Torr says, you should not look at the reserve level in isolation. If a
scheme does not have the required level of reserves, you need to look at how it
plans to reach this level and the consequences this could have for a member.

For example, a medical scheme whose reserves are way below the required level
will either have to raise contributions steeply or reduce the benefits it offers
to its members or a combination of both.

If a scheme raises contributions, this will reduce the value proposition for
those members who are the least likely to claim, thus encouraging them to look
elsewhere. This could result in the scheme having more high-claiming members,
which, in turn, will increase pressure on the scheme to raise contributions
again.

2. Has the scheme lost or gained a significant number of members in the last 12
months? Torr says you should look for a scheme that is growing by attracting new
members all the time. Such schemes are more likely to serve members well and to
remain financially stable.

A sudden loss or gain in the number of members may be the result of a merger.
Scheme members who are not happy with the change may leave the newly merged
medical scheme.

This may not always be a bad thing. Torr gave the example of the merger between
Momentum's Pulz medical scheme and National Medical Plan (NMP) to form Momentum
Health Scheme.

After this merger, 36 percent of NMP members left the new scheme. For Momentum,
the net effect was a positive one as the members who remained were a lower risk
than the group that left.

Torr says you should be aware that it is difficult for a growing medical scheme
to maintain its reserve ratio. When new members join a scheme, this
automatically reduces the scheme's reserve ratio because the contribution income
increases without there being a corresponding increase in the amount of money
held in reserve.

On the other hand, when members leave a medical scheme, they leave their
reserves in the scheme. This has the effect of increasing a scheme's reserve
ratio.

For example, a scheme has 100 000 members on December 31, 2007, an annual
premium income of R1.8 billion, and R450 million in reserves - that is, a 25
percent reserve ratio. On January 1, 2008, the scheme puts through a 10 percent
contribution increase. In addition, 15 000 new principal members join. The
scheme's annual premium income increases to R2.2 billion, although it still only
has R450 million in reserves - which equals a 19.76 percent reserve level.

3. Does the scheme have critical mass? It is difficult to determine when a
scheme has critical mass. The Council for Medical Schemes states that a scheme
should have at least 6 000 members. Any scheme under 20 000 principal members is
relatively small, especially when it comes to negotiating power and achieving
economies of scale.

The larger the scheme, the greater negotiating power the scheme has when it
comes to negotiating the rates it will pay to healthcare providers, such as
doctors, specialists, hospital groups and pharmacies. In 2006, only 18 open
medical schemes had more than 20 000 principal members.

Torr says medical schemes are continuing to consolidate. In 2001, Discovery
Health Medical Scheme had a 23 percent share of the open medical scheme market
and the next 15 largest schemes had 53 percent of the market.

This year, Discovery Health has 40 percent of the market and the next 15 largest
schemes have 49 percent of the market. The share of the market that smaller
players have has been reduced from 24 percent in 2001 to 11 percent in 2007. The
smaller medical schemes are getting smaller and the bigger players are getting
bigger, Torr says.

4. Have the scheme's increases been above average? There are a number of factors
that drive increases in medical scheme contributions. These include:

u Increases in healthcare costs: what doctors, hospitals and other healthcare
providers charge;

u Changes in the demographics of the scheme. If a scheme's members are getting
older, there is likely to be an increase in their use of benefits and hence in
the claims the scheme has to cover. Torr says says the ratio of pensioners to
non-pensiners within schemes increased from 5.8 percent in 1999 to 6.3 percent
last year, while the increase in scheme membership was only two percent ;

u Whether or not the contributions have been adequate to cover claims on the
relevant medical scheme option; and

u The scheme's need to build up and maintain reserves. Look at the increases
that the scheme has implemented over the past few years and consider whether
these have been a result of increases in healthcare costs or some of the other
factors that are peculiar to the scheme.

5. What proportion of your contributions are spent on "non-healthcare" expenses?
The non-healthcare expenses that your scheme pays include the administration
costs, managed care fees, broker commissions and bad debt, while healthcare
expenses include hospital costs, fees for specialists, general practitioners
(GPs), dentistry, allied services and medicines.

You should be aware that schemes spent about 14.7 percent, or R8.3 billion, of
the R57.6 billion in contributions they collected in 2006 on non-healthcare
costs.

Torr says the Council for Medical Schemes has focused attention on the
containment of these costs and has suggested that these costs should be less
than 10 percent, but you should also be aware how members' healthcare claims
have increased. Members need to be satisfied that they are receiving value for
money in terms of these non-healthcare expenses, he says.

Between 1999 and 2006, he says, healthcare claims have increased by 10 percent a
year while inflation (as measured by the consumer price index excluding the
interest on your mortgage - CPIX) has been below six percent over this period
(see the table below).

During this time, Torr says, there has been a 134-percent increase in hospital
costs, a 124-percent increase in specialists costs, a 104-percent increase in
allied healthcare costs (these include service providers such as audiologists,
dieticians, occupational therapists, opto-metrists, podiatrists, chiropractors,
psychologists, and homeopaths) and a 76-percent increase in GPs' costs.

It is important to be aware of the four-percentage-point difference between
increases in medical scheme costs and overall price inflation and to build this
in to your retirement planning, Torr says.

When you consider how much you need to save to provide for yourself in
retirement, he says, you need to provide for increases in your medical scheme
cover at a much higher rate than inflation.

The Council for Medical Schemes's annual report, which can be found on the
council's website (www.medicalschemes.com), contains information on each
scheme's non-healthcare expenses. Torr says you should be prepared to pay more
for administration if it is good.

6. What is the scheme's credit rating? According to Torr, most open and a few
closed schemes are rated by a ratings agency, Global Credit Ratings, and these
ratings measure each scheme's ability to pay claims. If a scheme has an A or
higher rating, it is generally stable. Your scheme's website should provide you
with the scheme's credit rating, if it has been rated.

7. Is the scheme running at an operating profit? Check whether the medical
scheme option you plan to join is making an operating profit or a loss. If the
option is making a loss, the scheme is likely to put up the contributions on
that option for the year ahead.

Torr says sometimes schemes purposely run options at a loss to gain members, but
the discounted contributions are not sustainable.

In 2000, he says, a large open medical scheme discounted its contributions
heavily but implemented an interim (mid-year) contribution increase by April.

The Council for Medical Scheme's annual report contains information on each
scheme and each option's operating results.

8. What is the impact of the Government Employees Medical Scheme on the scheme
you plan to join? The Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems), a restricted
scheme for government employees, began operating in 2006 and has been attracting
members at a rapid rate. In less than two years, 200 000 members have joined and
the scheme is now the third-biggest scheme in South Africa.

Torr says the government gives incentives to its employees to join Gems by
offering them a higher subsidy on their contributions if they join the scheme
than if they join any other medical scheme.

He says existing medical schemes stand to lose a significant number of
government employees. Before Gems launched, 26 percent of members of open
medical schemes were government employees. Some schemes have higher numbers of
government employees among their members than others and, therefore, are likely
to lose a greater number of these members to Gems (see graph).

Losing members to Gems may result in some schemes losing their critical mass,
and their bargaining power. Also, losing members to Gems may impact negatively
on the scheme's demographics as government employees are generally low-claiming
scheme members.

9. Does the medical scheme have a meaningful wellness programme? Even if you
have no interest in joining a wellness programme, you should regard such a
programme as an advantage for any medical scheme you plan to join.

This is because medical schemes that offer these programmes are generally more
successful in attracting and retaining young and healthy members. These
programmes also have a positive impact on the health and lifestyle choices of
existing members, Torr says.

If the members of the scheme are younger and healthier, they will claim less and
this will have a positive effect on your contributions.

Torr says these programmes give schemes a better overall picture of their
members' health.

10. What will the impact of planned regulatory changes be on the medical scheme?
The government has plans to introduce a risk equalisation fund (REF) for medical
schemes. The aim of this fund will be to equalise the cost of providing certain
basic benefits to all members.

Currently, medical schemes are obliged to provide all members with the
prescribed minimum benefits, but the cost of providing these benefits depends on
how often members access these benefits, Torr says.

Generally, he says, it costs schemes with older, sicker members much more to
provide these benefits than it costs schemes with younger, healthier members.
When the REF is operating, schemes with younger, healthier members will have to
pay into the REF and those with older, sicker members will receive contributions
from the REF.

You should consider whether the scheme you want to join has planned for the
impact of the REF.

Another plan the government is considering was outlined in a document entitled
Circular 8, which was issued by the Council for Medical Schemes.

In terms of this plan, schemes will be expected to identify benefits that are
common across all their options. The prescribed minimum benefits would be
benefits that schemes offer across all their options and private hospital cover
may be another common benefit. The scheme would then have to set a price for
these benefits that all members would pay.

Currently, schemes have different prices for the same benefits offered on
different options, depending on the profile of the members on that option. For
example, members of a hospital plan are likely to pay less for private hospital
cover than members on a comprehensive option pay for the same benefits.

While the comprehensive option will offer more benefits which account for the
higher cost of these options, the benefits that are common to both options are
often differently priced, says Torr.

If Circular 8 is adopted, the younger, healthier members of hospital plans will
subsidise the hospital costs of older, sicker members on more comprehensive
options.

Some schemes are already adjusting their benefits and contributions in case
Circular 8 is adopted. You should check whether the scheme you plan to join is
positioned to manage the impact of Circular 8. However, Torr says, the REF and
Circular 8 are changes that are still a long way off and have been subject to
delays.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               December 12, 1999

Confused by MPF, Orso challenged?

SECTION: SUNDAY MONEY; Autumn Years; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 873 words


The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) will bring more than a million workers into a
retirement-savings scheme for the first time. It will also have an impact on
more than 900,000 people now covered by the Occupational Retirement Schemes
Ordinance (Orso).

Orso-scheme members may wonder whether they must join new MPF schemes and what
must be done if they choose to retain their existing schemes.

Orso schemes may co-exist with new MPF schemes. The MPF legislation has set out
detailed arrangements for the interface of Orso schemes. Existing Orso schemes
may be exempted from MPF requirements if certain exemption criteria are met.

The legislation prescribes clear criteria for the exemption of two main types of
Orso schemes, namely Orso-exempted and Orso-registered schemes.

An Orso-exempted scheme means:

(a) An exempted scheme under Orso; or

(b) An occupational-retirement scheme operated by a foreign government or an
agency or undertaking of or by such a government which is not operated for the
purpose of gain.

Orso-exempted schemes must meet the following exemption criteria in order to be
eligible for MPF exemption:

(a) Both existing members and new eligible employees are given a right to opt
between the existing scheme and MPF coverage, unless membership of the Orso
-exempted scheme is compelled by the law of the domicile of the scheme;

(b) The relevant employer is required to disclose relevant information to the
existing members and eligible new employees to enable them to make the choice;
and

(c) The relevant employer is required to either set up or participate in an MPF
scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

For the purpose of exemption from MPF requirements, an Orso-registered scheme
must be a "relevant Orso registered scheme" in the sense that:

(a) Is governed by a trust;

(b) Provides benefits payable on termination of service, death, disability,
retirement or winding up of the scheme;

(c) Is established on or before 15 October 1995; and

(d) Has applied for exemption/registration under the Orso on or before 15
January 1996.

If a company's Orso scheme meets the exemption criteria and to which an
exemption certificate has been granted by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority (MPFA), as long as the existing members have elected to remain in the
MPF-exempted Orso scheme, their existing and future benefits in the scheme will
not be affected. The benefits will not be subject to the full and immediate
vesting and preservation requirements of MPF schemes.

However, if a new employee who is eligible to join an MPF-exempted Orso scheme
opts to join the scheme, his or her accrued benefits under the scheme up to the
prescribed "minimum MPF benefits" will be subject to the preservation and
portability requirements. His or her accrued benefits in excess of the "minimum
MPF benefits" can be paid out in a cash lump sum upon termination of service.

For existing members who opt to join an MPF scheme, their accrued rights should
be retained in the relevant Orso scheme until they are entitled to receive the
benefits from the scheme. They can receive all their benefits accrued under the
Orso scheme in cash lump sums upon termination of service. However, the accrued
rights of an opt-out member may be treated otherwise than in accordance with the
above provisions if the member's consent has been obtained and it is allowed
under the governing rules of the relevant scheme.

Applications for MPF exemption may be submitted to the MPFA from January 3
onwards. The deadline for submission is May 3. Processing of applications is
targeted to be completed by July 31. The applications will be processed and
approved on a first-come-first-served basis.

There are several options available to employers in respect of interface
arrangements for their existing Orso schemes.

(a) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as the core
scheme and apply for MPF exemption. He has to either set up or participate in an
MPF scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

(b) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as a top-up
scheme. All existing members and new employees will be enrolled into an MPF
scheme. In this case, there is no need to apply for MPF exemption for the
existing-Orso scheme.

(c) Another option is to close the Orso scheme to new members while existing
members will continue to accrue future benefits under the Orso scheme. The
employer has to apply for exemption from MPF requirements in respect of the
existing members. All new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(d) The relevant employer may gradually wind-down the scheme by closing the Orso
scheme to new members and freeze existing members' scheme service. There is no
need to apply for MPF exemption for the Orso scheme. All existing members and
new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(e) The relevant employer may wind up the Orso scheme immediately by paying out
all the liabilities or transfer all assets and liabilities into an MPF scheme as
voluntary contributions. All existing members and new employees will be covered
under an MPF scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                               3 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               December 12, 1999

Confused by MPF, Orso challenged?

SECTION: SUNDAY MONEY; Autumn Years; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 873 words


The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) will bring more than a million workers into a
retirement-savings scheme for the first time. It will also have an impact on
more than 900,000 people now covered by the Occupational Retirement Schemes
Ordinance (Orso).

Orso-scheme members may wonder whether they must join new MPF schemes and what
must be done if they choose to retain their existing schemes.

Orso schemes may co-exist with new MPF schemes. The MPF legislation has set out
detailed arrangements for the interface of Orso schemes. Existing Orso schemes
may be exempted from MPF requirements if certain exemption criteria are met.

The legislation prescribes clear criteria for the exemption of two main types of
Orso schemes, namely Orso-exempted and Orso-registered schemes.

An Orso-exempted scheme means:

(a) An exempted scheme under Orso; or

(b) An occupational-retirement scheme operated by a foreign government or an
agency or undertaking of or by such a government which is not operated for the
purpose of gain.

Orso-exempted schemes must meet the following exemption criteria in order to be
eligible for MPF exemption:

(a) Both existing members and new eligible employees are given a right to opt
between the existing scheme and MPF coverage, unless membership of the Orso
-exempted scheme is compelled by the law of the domicile of the scheme;

(b) The relevant employer is required to disclose relevant information to the
existing members and eligible new employees to enable them to make the choice;
and

(c) The relevant employer is required to either set up or participate in an MPF
scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

For the purpose of exemption from MPF requirements, an Orso-registered scheme
must be a "relevant Orso registered scheme" in the sense that:

(a) Is governed by a trust;

(b) Provides benefits payable on termination of service, death, disability,
retirement or winding up of the scheme;

(c) Is established on or before 15 October 1995; and

(d) Has applied for exemption/registration under the Orso on or before 15
January 1996.

If a company's Orso scheme meets the exemption criteria and to which an
exemption certificate has been granted by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority (MPFA), as long as the existing members have elected to remain in the
MPF-exempted Orso scheme, their existing and future benefits in the scheme will
not be affected. The benefits will not be subject to the full and immediate
vesting and preservation requirements of MPF schemes.

However, if a new employee who is eligible to join an MPF-exempted Orso scheme
opts to join the scheme, his or her accrued benefits under the scheme up to the
prescribed "minimum MPF benefits" will be subject to the preservation and
portability requirements. His or her accrued benefits in excess of the "minimum
MPF benefits" can be paid out in a cash lump sum upon termination of service.

For existing members who opt to join an MPF scheme, their accrued rights should
be retained in the relevant Orso scheme until they are entitled to receive the
benefits from the scheme. They can receive all their benefits accrued under the
Orso scheme in cash lump sums upon termination of service. However, the accrued
rights of an opt-out member may be treated otherwise than in accordance with the
above provisions if the member's consent has been obtained and it is allowed
under the governing rules of the relevant scheme.

Applications for MPF exemption may be submitted to the MPFA from January 3
onwards. The deadline for submission is May 3. Processing of applications is
targeted to be completed by July 31. The applications will be processed and
approved on a first-come-first-served basis.

There are several options available to employers in respect of interface
arrangements for their existing Orso schemes.

(a) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as the core
scheme and apply for MPF exemption. He has to either set up or participate in an
MPF scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

(b) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as a top-up
scheme. All existing members and new employees will be enrolled into an MPF
scheme. In this case, there is no need to apply for MPF exemption for the
existing-Orso scheme.

(c) Another option is to close the Orso scheme to new members while existing
members will continue to accrue future benefits under the Orso scheme. The
employer has to apply for exemption from MPF requirements in respect of the
existing members. All new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(d) The relevant employer may gradually wind-down the scheme by closing the Orso
scheme to new members and freeze existing members' scheme service. There is no
need to apply for MPF exemption for the Orso scheme. All existing members and
new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(e) The relevant employer may wind up the Orso scheme immediately by paying out
all the liabilities or transfer all assets and liabilities into an MPF scheme as
voluntary contributions. All existing members and new employees will be covered
under an MPF scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                               4 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               December 12, 1999

Confused by MPF, Orso challenged?

SECTION: SUNDAY MONEY; Autumn Years; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 873 words


The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) will bring more than a million workers into a
retirement-savings scheme for the first time. It will also have an impact on
more than 900,000 people now covered by the Occupational Retirement Schemes
Ordinance (Orso).

Orso-scheme members may wonder whether they must join new MPF schemes and what
must be done if they choose to retain their existing schemes.

Orso schemes may co-exist with new MPF schemes. The MPF legislation has set out
detailed arrangements for the interface of Orso schemes. Existing Orso schemes
may be exempted from MPF requirements if certain exemption criteria are met.

The legislation prescribes clear criteria for the exemption of two main types of
Orso schemes, namely Orso-exempted and Orso-registered schemes.

An Orso-exempted scheme means:

(a) An exempted scheme under Orso; or

(b) An occupational-retirement scheme operated by a foreign government or an
agency or undertaking of or by such a government which is not operated for the
purpose of gain.

Orso-exempted schemes must meet the following exemption criteria in order to be
eligible for MPF exemption:

(a) Both existing members and new eligible employees are given a right to opt
between the existing scheme and MPF coverage, unless membership of the Orso
-exempted scheme is compelled by the law of the domicile of the scheme;

(b) The relevant employer is required to disclose relevant information to the
existing members and eligible new employees to enable them to make the choice;
and

(c) The relevant employer is required to either set up or participate in an MPF
scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

For the purpose of exemption from MPF requirements, an Orso-registered scheme
must be a "relevant Orso registered scheme" in the sense that:

(a) Is governed by a trust;

(b) Provides benefits payable on termination of service, death, disability,
retirement or winding up of the scheme;

(c) Is established on or before 15 October 1995; and

(d) Has applied for exemption/registration under the Orso on or before 15
January 1996.

If a company's Orso scheme meets the exemption criteria and to which an
exemption certificate has been granted by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority (MPFA), as long as the existing members have elected to remain in the
MPF-exempted Orso scheme, their existing and future benefits in the scheme will
not be affected. The benefits will not be subject to the full and immediate
vesting and preservation requirements of MPF schemes.

However, if a new employee who is eligible to join an MPF-exempted Orso scheme
opts to join the scheme, his or her accrued benefits under the scheme up to the
prescribed "minimum MPF benefits" will be subject to the preservation and
portability requirements. His or her accrued benefits in excess of the "minimum
MPF benefits" can be paid out in a cash lump sum upon termination of service.

For existing members who opt to join an MPF scheme, their accrued rights should
be retained in the relevant Orso scheme until they are entitled to receive the
benefits from the scheme. They can receive all their benefits accrued under the
Orso scheme in cash lump sums upon termination of service. However, the accrued
rights of an opt-out member may be treated otherwise than in accordance with the
above provisions if the member's consent has been obtained and it is allowed
under the governing rules of the relevant scheme.

Applications for MPF exemption may be submitted to the MPFA from January 3
onwards. The deadline for submission is May 3. Processing of applications is
targeted to be completed by July 31. The applications will be processed and
approved on a first-come-first-served basis.

There are several options available to employers in respect of interface
arrangements for their existing Orso schemes.

(a) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as the core
scheme and apply for MPF exemption. He has to either set up or participate in an
MPF scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

(b) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as a top-up
scheme. All existing members and new employees will be enrolled into an MPF
scheme. In this case, there is no need to apply for MPF exemption for the
existing-Orso scheme.

(c) Another option is to close the Orso scheme to new members while existing
members will continue to accrue future benefits under the Orso scheme. The
employer has to apply for exemption from MPF requirements in respect of the
existing members. All new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(d) The relevant employer may gradually wind-down the scheme by closing the Orso
scheme to new members and freeze existing members' scheme service. There is no
need to apply for MPF exemption for the Orso scheme. All existing members and
new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(e) The relevant employer may wind up the Orso scheme immediately by paying out
all the liabilities or transfer all assets and liabilities into an MPF scheme as
voluntary contributions. All existing members and new employees will be covered
under an MPF scheme.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                               5 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               December 12, 1999

Confused by MPF, Orso challenged?

SECTION: SUNDAY MONEY; Autumn Years; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 873 words


The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) will bring more than a million workers into a
retirement-savings scheme for the first time. It will also have an impact on
more than 900,000 people now covered by the Occupational Retirement Schemes
Ordinance (Orso).

Orso-scheme members may wonder whether they must join new MPF schemes and what
must be done if they choose to retain their existing schemes.

Orso schemes may co-exist with new MPF schemes. The MPF legislation has set out
detailed arrangements for the interface of Orso schemes. Existing Orso schemes
may be exempted from MPF requirements if certain exemption criteria are met.

The legislation prescribes clear criteria for the exemption of two main types of
Orso schemes, namely Orso-exempted and Orso-registered schemes.

An Orso-exempted scheme means:

(a) An exempted scheme under Orso; or

(b) An occupational-retirement scheme operated by a foreign government or an
agency or undertaking of or by such a government which is not operated for the
purpose of gain.

Orso-exempted schemes must meet the following exemption criteria in order to be
eligible for MPF exemption:

(a) Both existing members and new eligible employees are given a right to opt
between the existing scheme and MPF coverage, unless membership of the Orso
-exempted scheme is compelled by the law of the domicile of the scheme;

(b) The relevant employer is required to disclose relevant information to the
existing members and eligible new employees to enable them to make the choice;
and

(c) The relevant employer is required to either set up or participate in an MPF
scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

For the purpose of exemption from MPF requirements, an Orso-registered scheme
must be a "relevant Orso registered scheme" in the sense that:

(a) Is governed by a trust;

(b) Provides benefits payable on termination of service, death, disability,
retirement or winding up of the scheme;

(c) Is established on or before 15 October 1995; and

(d) Has applied for exemption/registration under the Orso on or before 15
January 1996.

If a company's Orso scheme meets the exemption criteria and to which an
exemption certificate has been granted by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority (MPFA), as long as the existing members have elected to remain in the
MPF-exempted Orso scheme, their existing and future benefits in the scheme will
not be affected. The benefits will not be subject to the full and immediate
vesting and preservation requirements of MPF schemes.

However, if a new employee who is eligible to join an MPF-exempted Orso scheme
opts to join the scheme, his or her accrued benefits under the scheme up to the
prescribed "minimum MPF benefits" will be subject to the preservation and
portability requirements. His or her accrued benefits in excess of the "minimum
MPF benefits" can be paid out in a cash lump sum upon termination of service.

For existing members who opt to join an MPF scheme, their accrued rights should
be retained in the relevant Orso scheme until they are entitled to receive the
benefits from the scheme. They can receive all their benefits accrued under the
Orso scheme in cash lump sums upon termination of service. However, the accrued
rights of an opt-out member may be treated otherwise than in accordance with the
above provisions if the member's consent has been obtained and it is allowed
under the governing rules of the relevant scheme.

Applications for MPF exemption may be submitted to the MPFA from January 3
onwards. The deadline for submission is May 3. Processing of applications is
targeted to be completed by July 31. The applications will be processed and
approved on a first-come-first-served basis.

There are several options available to employers in respect of interface
arrangements for their existing Orso schemes.

(a) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as the core
scheme and apply for MPF exemption. He has to either set up or participate in an
MPF scheme to cover those employees who opt for MPF coverage.

(b) The relevant employer may continue to operate the Orso scheme as a top-up
scheme. All existing members and new employees will be enrolled into an MPF
scheme. In this case, there is no need to apply for MPF exemption for the
existing-Orso scheme.

(c) Another option is to close the Orso scheme to new members while existing
members will continue to accrue future benefits under the Orso scheme. The
employer has to apply for exemption from MPF requirements in respect of the
existing members. All new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(d) The relevant employer may gradually wind-down the scheme by closing the Orso
scheme to new members and freeze existing members' scheme service. There is no
need to apply for MPF exemption for the Orso scheme. All existing members and
new employees will be covered under an MPF scheme.

(e) The relevant employer may wind up the Orso scheme immediately by paying out
all the liabilities or transfer all assets and liabilities into an MPF scheme as
voluntary contributions. All existing members and new employees will be covered
under an MPF scheme.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                               6 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 06, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Mixed fortunes for medical schemes;
Two reports released this week provide a good indication of the financial health
of the medical schemes industry. Both show that while some schemes are fighting
fit, others are terminally ill, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1274 words


A mixed set of financial results for last year seemed to be the theme of two
medical scheme reports released this week.

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) reported that some of the 24 largest open medical
schemes it surveys had performed well, while the financial position of others
had weakened significantly. GCR rates schemes on their claims-paying ability,

The Council for Medical Schemes' latest annual report, which was released this
week, appears to support the GCR report. The council's 2007/8 report contains
data for all medical schemes up to the end of last year.

This report shows that while many schemes made operating losses, some had
healthy surpluses. Some schemes increased their reserves and their solvency
ratios, while others declined.

And although some schemes grew their membership, others haemorrhaged members.

Average losses down

While 83 of the 122 medical schemes showed operating losses last year, on
average the loss was only half of what they lost in 2006.

The Council for Medical Schemes' report notes that the downward trend in
schemes' operating results "was broken" last year.

The total operating result of schemes in 2007 was a loss of less than R1 billion
in an industry that collected some R64.7 billion in contributions.

Although on the whole schemes paid out more than they collected, many earned
investment returns on their reserves, which more than made up for the losses.
After adding investment income, the total operating loss of R992 million turned
into a healthy surplus of R2.4 billion.

Patrick Matshidze, the acting registrar of medical schemes, says while at face
value it appears that schemes are going through hard times, in fact schemes fall
into one of two camps.

In one camp, he says, there are schemes that have a high level of reserves and
are deliberately dipping into these to enhance benefits or contain contribution
increases.

In the second camp, there are schemes that do not have the required level of
reserves and are making losses, which are further depleting their reserves.
These are the schemes that the council is concerned about, Matshidze says.

Solvency unchanged

On average, schemes' reserves grew by 9.5 percent to R26.8 billion and so,
despite a 12.3-percent increase in contributions from R57.5 billion in 2006 to
R64.7 billion in 2007, the overall average solvency ratio at the end of last
year was relatively unchanged at 37.8 percent.

In 2006 the overall average solvency ratio was 37.9 percent. A medical scheme's
solvency ratio is its reserves expressed as a percentage of its contributions.

By law schemes are required to have a solvency ratio of 25 percent of contri-
butions. This re- quirement is in-tended to ensure your scheme has sufficient
reserves to cope during times when it faces high claims.

Schemes that do not have the required reserves need to raise money by increasing
contributions or by reducing benefits (or both). Members in schemes with
declining reserves are often in for tough times.

The solvency ratios of restricted schemes, which are open only to certain
employees or trade union members, are generally higher than those of open
medical schemes, which admit anyone as a member.

In 2007, the solvency ratio of open medical schemes improved slightly, from 27.7
percent in 2006 to 28.6 percent.

The solvency ratio of restricted schemes declined from a very high 64.7 percent
in 2006 to 58.9 percent last year.

Matshidze says the decline is a result of some schemes deliberately reducing
their reserves and in part because of the low solvency ratio of one large
restricted scheme, the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems).

Of the 83 medical schemes that had operating losses, 30 of these schemes each
recorded a loss of more than R16 million.

Many large open and restricted schemes were among the schemes with the biggest
losses.

However, a scheme's operating loss should always be considered in light of its
contribution income and its reserves.

Only three of the larger open schemes with losses greater than R16 million have
reserves lower than the 25 percent required by law. They are Spectramed,
Momentum Health and Oxygen.

Growing or not

When you consider a scheme's solvency ratio, you also need to take into account
whether or not the scheme's membership is growing.

As a scheme acquires new members its contribution income increases and the level
of reserves it requires also increases.

Gems, for example, had huge growth in membership in 2007 (more than 900
percent). Consequently, its solvency ratio reduced from 36.6 percent in 2006 to
8.4 percent last year. As a new scheme, it is still building up its reserves.

The movement of members from a number of open schemes to Gems is one of the
reasons that some schemes have lost members. Government employees are being
given incentives by way of higher government subsidies on their contributions to
join the scheme.

GCR found that the number of government employees in the 24 schemes it surveyed
had fallen from 28 percent of the membership in 2005 to 22 percent last year.

Member numbers up

Gems has, however, also attracted a lot of new members to the medical schemes
industry (roughly half of its 279 000 current members are new to medical schemes
) and it is largely responsible for the five-percent increase in the number of
people who had joined medical schemes as members or as dependants by the end of
2007.

The number of lives covered by medical schemes increased from 7.1 million to 7.5
million.

The number of beneficiaries (members and dependants) in restricted schemes was
up 21.7 percent, while the number of beneficiaries in open schemes was down by
two percent.

The pensioner ratio decreased from 6.3 percent to 6.2 percent.

The average age of medical scheme beneficiaries in 2007 was 31.4 years, which
was slightly younger than the average age of 31.6 years in 2006.

This is good news, because if medical scheme populations age, it generally means
schemes will face higher claims. Younger members tend to claim less and help to
subsidise the costs of older members.

A not-so-positive trend noted in the council's annual report is that the average
ratio of claims to contributions has declined again. This ratio measures how
much of your contributions are spent on claims rather than non-healthcare
expenses, such as administration. A decline in the ratio means less of your
money is spent on health care.

In 2006, this ratio increased to 88 percent, but last year it declined to 86.4
percent. In open schemes, the claims ratio is lower than in restricted schemes.
In 2007, the average claims ratio for open schemes was 83.5 percent, while for
restricted schemes it was 92.7 percent.

Containing costs

The council wants non-healthcare expenses to be no more than 10 percent of your
contributions. On average, non-healthcare expenses amounted to 13.8 percent of
total gross contributions (including savings accounts).

GCR notes that these costs are high and says schemes will need to implement
measures to contain them. It says that keeping up with changing legislation will
be demanding on administrators and may increase their costs further.

However, it says consolidation of schemes should lead to improved efficiencies
and reduced costs.

The Council for Medical Schemes notes that it is particularly concerned about
schemes that have non-healthcare expenses higher than 10 percent of
contributions and solvency ratios that are below the 25 percent required by law.

The annual report notes that the average gross contribution increase for all
medical schemes for 2008 was 8.3 percent.

The average was higher for open schemes, which raised contributions by 9.9
percent, compared with 7.5 percent for restricted schemes.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Struggling smaller medical schemes merging, closing

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 707 words


Medical schemes are consolidating - and smaller schemes and restricted schemes
for the likes of employer groups, in particular, are disappearing in
liquidations and amalgamations.

This is according to a survey of medical scheme trends prepared by the office of
the Registrar of Medical Schemes. The survey looked at medical scheme data for
the five years between 2002 and 2006, during which period the number of schemes
dwindled from 143 to 124 - a decline of 13.3 percent.

This was despite an overall increase of 3.9 percent in the membership of schemes
.

"The decline was more pronounced in restricted as opposed to open schemes," the
report says, noting that over the five-year period eight open schemes
disappeared, leaving 41 open schemes in operation at the end of 2006.

Eleven restricted schemes closed over this period, bringing down the number of
restricted schemes from 94 in 2002 to 83 in 2006.

The registrar's office categorised schemes as small (less than 6 000 members),
medium (6 000 members to 30 000 beneficiaries) and large (more than 30 000
beneficiaries). It found that in 2002 more than half of the schemes were small
(56.2 percent), 16.4 percent were medium and 27.4 percent were large.

Most of the small schemes were restricted schemes (79.3 percent).

By 2006, only 46 percent of the remaining medical schemes were small schemes,
22.6 percent were medium-sized schemes and 30.6 percent were large.

Difficult to survive

The report confirms what many in the medical schemes industry already know: it
is difficult for small schemes to survive.

The schemes that closed down or amalgamated cited the reasons for doing so as
"low membership, poor long-term financial sustainability, low economies of scale
and difficult trading conditions".

Schemes rely on the contributions of younger, healthier members to subsidise the
costs of treating their older, sicker members, and it is easier to achieve this
cross-subsidisation with greater membership numbers.

Restricted schemes tend to have more older members than open medical schemes,
which, combined with their generally smaller sizes, puts them at greater risk of
high claims.

The registrar's report notes that the average age of medical scheme
beneficiaries increased over the five-year period reviewed from 31 years to 31.5
years.

When the age groups of beneficiaries of schemes are analysed, the report notes,
the advancing age distribution of restricted schemes seems to have been more
pronounced than that of open schemes.

The number of pensioners who are members of medical schemes increased over the
five-year period. In 2002, the pensioner ratio was 5.9 percent and by 2006 this
had reached 6.3 percent.

Equalisation fund

The proposed Risk Equalisation Fund (REF) for medical schemes is expected to
help smaller restricted schemes because it will introduce cross-subsidisation of
the costs of providing certain minimum benefits across all schemes. So schemes
with younger, healthier members will, through the REF, subsidise certain
healthcare costs of schemes with older, sicker members.

Legislation to enable the REF to start functioning is likely to come before
Parliament this year and then further regulations will still have to be
promulgated. It is expected that the REF will come into operation only two years
after the enabling legislation is in place.

In the meantime, more smaller restricted medical schemes are likely to
disappear.

The amalgamation of BHP Billiton SA Medical Scheme, a restricted scheme with
about 5 000 members, with Bonitas Medical Fund, a large open scheme, was
recently approved by the Competition Commission.

Meanwhile, large schemes, such as Discovery Health Medical Scheme, continue to
grow. Discovery now has 840 700 members and covers 1.9 million lives.

Discovery claims its size is now giving it a competitive edge when it comes to
contributions.

The new Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) is also growing at a rapid
rate, especially because the government is incentivising its members to join the
scheme by offering employees who join Gems a better subsidy than the one it pays
to employees who belong to other medical schemes.

At a recent symposium, Gems said its membership has reached more than 250 000,
and that it covers more than 680 000 lives.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Employers Law

                                  May 7, 2012

pensionsauto-enrolmentSavings plan

SECTION: Q&A

LENGTH: 1122 words



HIGHLIGHT:  Employers must ensure they know the facts on the pensions
auto-enrolment provisions, which require businesses to auto-enrol staff into a
qualifying pension scheme.


 Q Which employees qualify for automatic enrolment into a pension scheme?

A The pensions auto-enrolment provisions affect workers. Workers who are
eligible for automatic enrolment into a qualifying pension scheme are known as
"eligible jobholders". To fall within the eligible jobholder category, a worker
must satisfy certain requirements by reference to his or her age and earnings.
He or she must be:

aged between 22 and the state pension age;

working or ordinarily working in the UK; and

earning above a certain amount (currently set at £8,105 per annum).

Workers who are not eligible for auto-enrolment will fall into one of two
categories: they will be either a "non-eligible jobholder" or an "entitled
worker", depending on their level of earnings. Non-eligible jobholders can
choose to opt in to a qualifying scheme and the employer must arrange pension
scheme membership and make contributions in respect of them.

Entitled workers can also join a pension scheme. However, this does not need to
be a qualifying pension scheme under the auto-enrolment rules and the employer
does not have to make contributions on their behalf.

The Pensions Regulator's detailed guidance on Employer duties and defining the
workforce includes further information on the different categories of workers.

Employers need to carry out a contractual analysis to determine how their
workforce divides into each of the different categories.

Q What is a "qualifying scheme" under the pensions auto-enrolment provisions?

A A "qualifying scheme" is a pension scheme that an employer can use for
automatic enrolment. The scheme can be a scheme that is registered with HM
Revenue and Customs for UK tax purposes or, if the scheme is not based in the
UK, it must satisfy additional criteria.

It can be an employer's existing occupational or personal pension scheme or a
new scheme that the employer establishes for auto-enrolment purposes. Whichever
scheme the employer uses, it must satisfy minimum "quality standards". These
differ, depending on whether the scheme is a defined-contribution or
defined-benefit scheme.

Contracted-out defined-benefit schemes will normally meet the quality standards.
For contracted-in defined-benefit schemes, the quality standard is that the
scheme is based on a 1/120 accrual and a pension for life at state retirement
age.

Schemes that are hybrid (ie schemes that provide a mixture of defined-benefit
and defined-contribution benefits) need to be assessed to ascertain whether the
defined-benefit or defined-contribution quality standards apply to them.

Minimum contribution levels apply to defined-contribution schemes. Specific
requirements apply to defined-contribution schemes that are personal pension
schemes.

For example, these schemes need to be regulated by the Financial Services
Authority and must have specific types of agreement in place between the
employer, the jobholder and the personal pension provider (such as a direct pay
arrangement between the jobholder and the employer).

If an employer does not wish to use a pension scheme that it has already
established, it will be able to use a scheme that meets the qualifying criteria
and is available in the market place. The National Employment Savings Trust
(Nest) is the central scheme set up by the Government for this purpose.

See the Pensions Regulator's detailed guidance on Pensions schemes for further
information about the standards that a scheme must meet to be a qualifying
scheme.

A How much must employers and employees contribute into their pension scheme
under the pensions auto-enrolment provisions?

A The contribution rate for qualifying schemes that are occupational
defined-contribution pension schemes or personal pension schemes is being phased
in between 1 October 2012 and 1 October 2018. Broadly speaking, the total
minimum contribution required from 1 October 2018 will be 8% of a specified band
of earnings, comprising an employer contribution (3%), an employee contribution
(4%) and tax relief (1%). Employers can contribute in excess of the 3% minimum
if they choose to do so.

There is a transitional period for contribution rates leading up to 1 October
2018. For employers, this is expected to be a contribution rate of 1% up to 30
September 2017, and 2% between 1 October 2017 and 30 September 2018.

Q Do the auto-enrolment provisions affect employers that already provide their
employees with access to a pension scheme?

A Yes. Employers with an existing pension scheme need to consider whether or not
they wish to use this for automatic enrolment and, if they do, if it meets the
qualifying scheme criteria.

If an employer's existing pension scheme is not a qualifying scheme, it must
either make changes to the existing scheme or use a different scheme.

Employers with eligible jobholders who are already members of an existing
pension scheme that meets the qualifying scheme criteria will not have an
automatic enrolment duty for these workers but will have to provide them with
certain specified information.

Q Do employers need to obtain consent from staff for them to join a qualifying
auto-enrolment pension scheme?

A No. A key feature of the auto-enrolment provisions is that eligible jobholders
must be automatically enrolled into a qualifying scheme and that no conditions
of entry can be imposed.

Automatic enrolment is compulsory, although jobholders may choose to opt out of
the scheme once they have been enrolled. Eligible jobholders must not be
required to provide information to join a scheme or sign an application form.

Q What is the position if eligible jobholders do not want to join an
auto-enrolment pension scheme?

A Once enrolled into an automatic enrolment pension scheme, eligible jobholders
(or non-eligible jobholders who have opted in to the scheme) will be entitled to
opt out of the scheme.

There is an opt-out period of one month from entry (or one month from the date
on which they are provided with certain information about their enrolment)
within which jobholders will be entitled to a refund of their contributions.
Jobholders can choose to opt out at any stage, but they will not be entitled to
a cash refund of contributions after the end of the one-month opt-out period.

How do employers know what their auto-enrolment staging date is?

Will auto-enrolment affect small employers?

What is re-enrolment under the auto-enrolment pensions provisions?

What information must employers provide to employees about pension
auto-enrolment?

How should employers deal with pension entitlement for new recruits?

For the latest XpertHR FAQs, visit www.xperthr.co.uk/faqsOn Twitter? Follow
@HRdailyquestion to receive the answer to a frequently asked HR question every
morning.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2012 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 07, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

How to ... join a medical scheme;
When you apply to join a medical scheme, you may find that the scheme will
enforce waiting periods or late-joiner penalties. You need to know your rights
and the reasons the scheme will impose these measures. You should also be aware
that it is better to be honest when you fill out your membership application
form and to sit out the waiting periods, because failing to make full disclosure
could have dire consequences for you. In this, the last in our current series of
articles on how to manage your money, Laura du Preez tells you what you need to
know about joining a medical scheme.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1464 words


The final steps in choosing a medical scheme are to work out what you will pay
to belong to your chosen medical scheme option, whether you will pay any
late-joiner penalties and whether the scheme will impose any waiting periods.

You may need to complete and submit your application form before the scheme will
notify you formally of any waiting periods and late-joiner penalties it will
apply.

Before it sends you such notification, the scheme may request further
information from you about your membership history, your medical conditions or
those of your dependants, and/or your income.

The medical scheme may insist on a medical report so that it knows whether to
apply certain waiting periods, but the scheme must pay the costs of any medical
tests or examinations it requires.

The letter you get back from the scheme, known as the counter-offer letter, will
detail the terms and conditions of your becoming a member. These are valid for
30 days.

You should sign the acceptance form only after you have read the terms and
conditions carefully, and have ensured that you understand and agree to them. Do
not sign if you do not agree with any waiting period or late-joiner penalty the
scheme imposes.

Also, if you already belong to a scheme, do not cancel your membership until you
have received formal notification that another scheme has accepted you as a
member.

To work out what you will pay to belong to a scheme, check the rates the scheme
charges for a member. If you have dependants, add the rates for each adult
dependant and each child dependant.

Before you work out the final amount, if you have not been a member of a scheme
consistently since the age of 35, check whether the scheme will impose any
late-joiner penalties, as these could raise your contributions significantly.

when late-joiner penalties will apply

Medical schemes can apply late-joiner penalties on people who join a scheme late
in life when they are older and are more likely to need medical cover, or are
already in need of medical attention.

The penalties are intended to encourage people to join schemes while they are
still relatively young and healthy to ensure there is sufficient subsidisation
by the young and healthy of the old and sick.

Open schemes have to admit anyone who applies to join, and the penalties help to
protect existing members from the negative financial consequences of the scheme
admitting older members who are likely to claim more.

If late-joiner penalties are applied, you will pay a loading on your
contributions that will apply for as long as you are a member.

If you change schemes after belonging to a scheme that imposed such a penalty,
the new scheme may impose the same penalty.

The late-joiner penalties can be applied to anyone who joins a scheme, or to an
adult dependant of that member, who is 35 years of age or older, who has had a
break in membership or cover as a dependant on any scheme since March 31, 2001
and who does not have enough years of what is known as creditable medical scheme
cover as a member and/or dependant.

If you think a scheme may impose a late-joiner penalty, contact it or get your
broker to inquire what penalty will apply.

How late-joiner penalties are calculated

The penalties that may be applied are laid down in regulations under the Medical
Schemes Act.

The method a scheme will use to determine the penalty is:

1. It will work out the number of years you have been a medical scheme member.
You can include the number of years you have been:

u A member or a dependant of a medical scheme but not any years when you were
under the age of 21 and a dependant of a medical scheme member;

u A member or a dependant of an entity that does the business of a medical
scheme that at the time was exempt from the provisions of the Medical Schemes
Act;

u A uniformed employee of the South African National Defence Force (SANDF), or a
dependant of such an employee, who got medical benefits from the SANDF; or

u A member or a dependant of the Permanent Force Continuation Fund.

You cannot include any period when you had health cover under an insurance
policy, nor any periods when you were out of the country and covered by a health
plan or policy in another country.

If you join a scheme after a break of more than 90 days from any previous
membership or if you do not have two years of continuous membership when you
join a new scheme, you will need to prove your previous periods of membership to
the new scheme.

If you have lost the records of your previous membership of a scheme or if you
were a member of a scheme that has been liquidated, you can sign a sworn
affidavit stating when you were a member, and this can be used to negate all or
a part of a late-joiner penalty.

2. Add the answer in step one to 35 (the age from which the late-joiner
penalties apply).

3. Subtract the answer in step two from your current age.

4. The answer in step three will determine the penalty band and hence the
maximum penalty, as a percentage of your contributions, that will apply
according to the following table:

1-4 years: contribution x 0.05

5-14 years: contribution x 0.25

15-24 years: contribution x 0.50

25+ years: contribution x 0.75

Schemes have the discretion to waive late-joiner penalties, but some apply them
strictly regardless of the reason for which members join a scheme late in life.

The late-joiner penalties apply only to adult members and dependants and not to
child dependants.

Waiting periods

Medical schemes are allowed to impose limited waiting periods on you when you
join a scheme, with harsher periods for those who join schemes without having
belonged to one previously, or after a certain break in membership. This is to
prevent you from joining a medical scheme only when you are sick and need
benefits.

During waiting periods, you and/or your dependants will not enjoy certain
benefits.

Schemes can impose:

u A three-month general waiting period on all benefits. During this period, you
and your dependants are not entitled to claim any benefits, except sometimes the
prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs).

u A 12-month waiting period on benefits related to a specific condition. The
condition-specific waiting period can be applied to any condition for which you
or your dependants sought medical advice, obtained a diagnosis, or for which
care or treatment was recommended or received within the 12 months before the
date on which you applied to join the scheme.

If a waiting period is imposed and you change medical schemes before that
waiting period is up, your new scheme can impose whichever new waiting periods
apply, as well as the remaining portion of the waiting period the previous
scheme imposed.

When waiting periods cannot be imposed

The Medical Schemes Act says schemes cannot impose waiting periods if:

u You apply for membership or register a dependant within 90 days of ending your
previous medical scheme cover and the change is due to a change in your
employment; or

u If the change of medical scheme is due to your employer changing or
terminating the group scheme for its employees, the application is made within
90 days of your employer terminating your cover with the previous scheme, the
application is made within a reasonable period before the start of a new year
and your membership will start at the beginning of a year.

Which waiting periods can be imposed when

If neither of the above conditions apply, a scheme may impose the following
waiting periods:

1. A three-month general waiting period if you have been a beneficiary (a member
or dependant of a member) of a scheme within the 90 days before you apply to
join a new scheme and if you have been a beneficiary of one or more schemes for
a continuous period of more than 24 months. The general waiting period will not
apply to the PMBs.

2. If you have not been a beneficiary of a medical scheme for a period of more
than 90 days before you apply to join a new scheme, the scheme may impose:

u A three-month general waiting period; and

u A 12-month condition-specific waiting period (if applicable).

These waiting periods will also apply to any treatment that falls under the
PMBs.

3. If you have been a beneficiary of a scheme within the 90 days preceding an
application to join a scheme but have not been a beneficiary of one or more
schemes for a continuous period of 24 months, the scheme can impose:

u A 12-month condition-specific waiting period (but this will not apply to the
PMBs); and

u The balance of any unexpired general or condition-specific waiting period
imposed by the previous medical scheme.

The waiting periods are applied to the member and each adult dependant
individually.

You cannot buy out of any waiting period, and you cannot remain a member of one
scheme and join another at the same time in order to have cover while the
waiting periods on the new scheme apply.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                          February 29, 2012 Wednesday

LDA gives work notices to 21 'lethargic' housing schemes

BYLINE:  Khalid Malik

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 09

LENGTH: 390  words


The Lahore Development Authority has issued notices to 21 private housing
schemes, including some under-construction schemes, in order to acquire
possession of mortgaged plots in these schemes. LDA formally served notices to
the schemes after their administrations failed to meet the deadline for the
completion of development work.

"A stern action will also be initiated against all such under-construction
housing schemes which are exploiting the buyers by using delaying tactics.
Perhaps they have some hidden motives," a spokesman said, adding that thousands
of the citizens, desirous to build their houses in these schemes, have been
waiting for the completion of the development works there for years.

The spokesman further said that under LDA bylaws, the schemes were given
schedule for completing the development works but they failed to do so. Now, the
LDA has started preliminary proceedings for land acquisition, which are to be
sold later through an open auction in order to execute development works in
these housing schemes.

He informed the media that the developers of these schemes had failed to
complete development work in these colonies despite passage of the specified
period given to them for this purpose.

He said the LDA had asked the general public and developers of these schemes to
file their respective objections in this regard, in the interest of justice. It
also asked them to inform the authorities about any plot transactions they had
conducted in the housing schemes. "The objections must reach the LDA
metropolitan planning director's office within the next couple of days," he
added.

The 21 schemes included the Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme
Foundation, Overseas Pakistani Foundation's Farm Housing Scheme, Ravians
Co-operative Housing Scheme, Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing
Scheme Phase-I, Al-Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme,
Bagh-e-Iram Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme, Fazal Elahi/Makkah
Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green Valley Housing Scheme,
Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kakezai Housing Scheme Phase-II, Khurram Town Housing
Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, Rehmanabad Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing
Scheme (North), Saman Zar Housing Scheme, Sunny Park (Ext) Sunny Garden Housing
Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon Housing Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

How to ... choose a medical scheme;
Finding the best medical scheme for your needs means finding a healthy scheme
with suitable benefits. In this part of our series on how to manage your money,
Laura du Preez looks at the factors that will help you identify schemes that are
financially strong and that have a growing membership.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 668 words


When you join a medical scheme, you should be sure it is one that is financially
sound, because when medical schemes get into financial difficulty, members often
suffer. Schemes in financial trouble slash benefits and hike contributions.
Younger, healthier members and employer groups usually move to a stronger scheme
, but members with health problems or who are at an age at which they fear they
could need medical cover at any stage, often have difficulty changing schemes
because waiting periods are imposed when you change schemes.

In the worst-case scenario, the scheme may go into liquidation, and you as a
member may be left with unpaid bills.

Last year, five schemes were liquidated. At least one had run up debts amounting
to millions, and members were left with unpaid bills - in some cases hospital
bills of thousands of rands.

Schemes that face an uncertain financial future often seek out other schemes
with which to merge. There is currently a lot of consolidation in the medical
scheme industry. This may not be a bad thing, but you should be careful when
choosing a scheme that it isn't about to merge with one that you would perhaps
not have chosen.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

If belonging to a medical scheme is a condition of employment and you work for a
large company, your employer may have set up a restricted scheme for you and
your colleagues.

Alternatively, your employer may have chosen an open scheme (that must admit
anyone) or a range of open schemes from which you must select one to join.

If you are free to join a scheme of your choice, you should consider using an
accredited and suitably experienced adviser or broker who knows the medical
scheme market well. There is no additional charge for using a broker - they are
paid by the scheme you join at a rate of three percent of your contributions to
a maximum of R67.98 a month.

If your employer has chosen your scheme or set up your scheme, hopefully it has
also taken good advice.

If you believe it has not chosen wisely or your scheme has run into
difficulties, you and your colleagues should ask your employer (possibly through
a union or staff association) to consider getting good advice on schemes that
can provide the best cover for your needs.

If your employer appoints a healthcare broker and you are not happy with his or
her advice, you can consult your own broker. However, remember that restricted
schemes don't pay broker's commission and you will have to make another
arrangement to pay the broker directly for his or her services.

If your employer has set up a restricted scheme or has chosen an open medical
scheme or schemes for you to join, it will probably subsidise your contributions
only if you join a designated scheme.

If you are a member of a scheme and a broker is involved, on this page you will
find details of the things he or she should have taken into account when
choosing a scheme for you.

If you are making your own choice, the factors listed on this page are the
things you need to research.

Finding the information

To find the information, you will need to consult the annual report of the
Council for Medical Schemes, which is published in September each year. In this
report you will find data for the previous year relating to schemes' membership
and finances.

Besides the vital statistics of all schemes, you will find information on action
taken against trustees who are not acting in the best interests of the scheme's
members, and the names of schemes with high volumes of complaints.

The reports are available on the council's website, www.medicalschemes.com.

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) is an agency that rates schemes each year. But it
does not make public its medical scheme ratings - you have to subscribe to get
these. However, a broker should have access to them, and individual schemes
should be able to tell you what their rating is.

l The best scheme and option for you may require an analysis of your healthcare
needs and the scheme's benefits. We will cover these issues over the next few
weeks.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Bank's winning KiwiSaver war

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 531 words


Money continues to flood into KiwiSaver schemes offered by banks from non-bank
schemes, latest financial statements issued by schemes show.

Sources say the rate of transfer of funds to bank KiwiSaver schemes has slowed
in recent months after the Financial Markets Authority started gathering
information on how the big KiwiSaver schemes were marketing their schemes.

But the financial statements for the ANZ, and BNZ KiwiSaver schemes show that
like the ASB and Kiwibank schemes, in the year to the end of March, received big
inflows of money from other schemes.

Westpac is yet to report.

In mid-July Fairfax Media reported that ASB's KiwiSaver scheme received
$393.5million in transfers from other schemes, while $203.6m transferred to
other schemes. The net gain of nearly $190m from other KiwiSaver schemes taking
the ASB scheme up to $5 billion in assets.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

The financial statements of the ANZ KiwiSaver scheme show $337.8m was
transferred in from other schemes, and $127.5m transferred out.

The net gain of just over $210m took the scheme up to $4.42b of funds under
management.

BNZ's scheme saw $157.7m transfer in from other schemes and just $17m depart,
taking the scheme up to $453m.

This was the largest percentage increase of any of the schemes, though it was
the last of the bank schemes to be launched.

The net losers in the Kiwisaver churn war continue to be the non- bank default
KiwiSaver schemes.

AMP saw $223.4m of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other schemes, and just $35.2m
transfer in.

The Fisher Funds Two scheme, which is the old Tower scheme which Fisher Funds
took over, saw $89.2m transfer to other schemes, and just $5.4m transfer in.

Fisher Funds' main KiwiSaver scheme fared much better. It had $84m transfer in,
and $48.3m transfer out, and Fisher Funds' total KiwiSaver assets under
management went from just over $2b to just shy of $2.6b at the end of March.

The other giant non-bank scheme run by Mercer has yet to report.

The default schemes hold the savings of people who did not choose a scheme at
the time of joining KiwiSaver and were allocated to a default scheme by the
Inland Revenue.

KiwiSaver expert Binu Paul from the SavvyKiwi subscription KiwiSaver advice said
people needed to think carefully when switching between schemes and funds, and
he doubted whether many of the switches were driven by investment factors.

Shifting should be done on an informed basis, and people should be careful to
choose the most appropriate level of risk, he said.

ANZ growth fund was the biggest recipient of money transferred in from other
schemes.

Paul said the non-bank KiwiSaver schemes were upping their social media game
which would be slowing the transfer of KiwiSavers to bank schemes.

Technology would significantly change customer acquisition and retention, "and
we are starting to see that trend now", Paul said.

Despite the massive amount of switching, all KiwiSaver schemes saw their asset
bases rise.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Bank KiwiSaver schemes are the big winners in the battle for savers.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

The strong offer better protection;
Choosing a scheme that is financially fit is just as important as choosing one
that covers your needs, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1104 words


If your medical scheme is liquidated, you could be faced with unpaid medical
bills, and unsympathetic service providers will come knocking on your door for
outstanding amounts. It is important, therefore, to choose a scheme that is
financially strong.

Schemes facing financial difficulties are more likely to implement steep
contribution increases or cut benefits, or even introduce interim (or mid-year)
increases.

And their benefits will probably not be as comprehensive as those provided by a
scheme that is financially strong.

So before you consider the benefits on offer and the contribution rate, make
sure you choose a scheme that is financially fit.

Here are some of the things you should look at when you try to determine if a
medical scheme is financially strong.

u Solvency ratios

Schemes are required by law to set aside some of the money they collect as
reserves, which can be used during times of abnormally high claims.

These reserves should be equal to at least 25 percent of the contribution income
the scheme collects. The reserves expressed as a percentage of the contribution
income are known as a scheme's solvency ratio.

If a scheme does not have the required reserves, it will have to increase its
contributions and/or decrease its benefits in order to raise the necessary
money.

If a medical scheme has less than the required solvency ratio or has a declining
solvency ratio, you should take a closer look at it before you join.

If a scheme's membership is growing rapidly, its contribution income will rise
steeply. It may not be able to add to its reserves quickly enough to keep its
solvency ratio at the required level.

Because a medical scheme's solvency ratio is determined from the reserves as a
percentage of the contributions, if the contributions increase without a similar
increase in the reserves, the solvency ratio will decrease.

The converse is true of schemes that are losing members rapidly. As members
leave a scheme, its contribution income reduces, but its reserves are likely to
remain relatively stable, unless it is using the reserves to pay claims. If the
reserves stay the same and the contribution income reduces, the scheme's
solvency ratio will rise.

A new scheme won't have the required solvency ratio in its first few years
because the scheme will need time to raise the necessary reserves. By law, new
schemes have four years to get to the required level.

u Operating loss/profit

Look at whether a scheme to which you belong or plan to join is making operating
losses or profits.

If a scheme has reserves below those required by law, an operating loss,
especially a big one, will exacerbate this situation.

If a scheme has reserves well above the level required by law, it may
deliberately set contributions lower than are required to meet its expected
expenses, knowing that it has excess reserves to make up the deficit.

Beware of schemes that have consistently been making operating losses,
especially growing losses, for a few years.

It is also worth checking the operating loss/profit of each option that a
medical scheme offers.

Currently, the law requires schemes to ensure that each option is financially
self-sustaining. This means the contributions for each option must cover the
claims of the members on that option.

If a particular option is not doing well, the trustees of the scheme may decide
to close the option, or it could be subjected to steep contribution increases.

u Contribution increases

Another indication of how well or how badly a scheme is performing is the size
of the contribution increases the scheme implements each year.

Often schemes' increases are within a fairly narrow range, and a scheme that has
a much higher than average increase may well be in financial difficulty.

But you should not just look at the percentage increase, because a high increase
on a low contribution rate (in rand terms) may still be less than a low
percentage increase on a high contribution rate (in rand terms).

However, high percentage increases may indicate a change in the profile of the
members of a scheme or on an option, or may indicate that the scheme has been
under-pricing its contribution rates.

Interim increases are those that occur outside the regular annual increases.
Schemes that implement these may be in financial trouble or may be consistently
under-pricing their contributions.

Sometimes schemes purposely run options at a loss to gain members, but the
discounted contributions are not sustainable, and an interim increase or a sharp
annual increase is inevitable later.

u scheme income spent on non-healthcare costs

Take note of how much a scheme spends on members' claims. Also take a look at
the amount it spends on non-healthcare costs.

Compare this with the average claims ratio for all medical schemes, or all open
schemes or all restricted schemes, which-ever is relevant.

The Council for Medical Schemes is of the view that non-healthcare expenses
should be limited to no more than 10 percent of your contributions. It says it
would be particularly concerned about a scheme if it has non-healthcare expenses
higher than this level and a low solvency ratio.

If a scheme has low contribution income, its administration costs may account
for a higher percentage of contributions than is the case with a scheme with
higher contributions. It is also useful, therefore, to look at the
administration costs relative to the average contribution rate for each
beneficiary (members and dependants) of a scheme.

If a scheme's non-healthcare costs are high, you should expect value for money
for non-healthcare expenses - for example, a superior administration service.

u Credit rating

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) is a ratings agency that rates a number of open
medical schemes on their claims-paying ability. The rating is a measure of a
scheme's capacity to service its claims over a 12- to 18-month period, and takes
into account:

q The liquidity of the scheme's investments - how immediately they can be
realised to pay claims;

q Trends in a scheme's cash coverage ratios, which measure the number of months'
claims a scheme can pay from its existing cash holdings;

q The strength and composition of a scheme's balance sheet, and its ability to
preserve and grow its assets and capital;

q The number of months' worth of claims a scheme's reserves can cover;

q The size and profile of a scheme's membership base;

q The scheme's solvency ratio and its international solvency margin. The
solvency ratio is based on gross contributions, which include contributions to
medical savings accounts. The international ratio is based on risk contributions
excluding savings accounts only.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 07, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Many scheme options are unhealthy

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1012 words


Nearly 30 percent of medical scheme members and their families belong to options
that are running at a loss.

The Council for Medical Schemes's latest annual report shows that in 2012 some
1.1 million of the 3.8 million main members belonged to options that made a
loss.

Medical schemes are obliged by law |to ensure that their options are
self-|sustaining, so members on options that made a loss in 2012 had their
benefits |cut and/or paid higher contributions this year.

The council's report shows that 145 of the 309 medical scheme options incurred a
loss at the end of 2012.

You should join a medical scheme that is breaking even or making a surplus, and
you should join an option within a scheme that has at least 2 500 members and is
making an operating profit. Options with fewer than 2 500 members were 3.2 times
more likely to incur losses than were those with more than 2 500 members, the
report says.

At the end of last year, 68 options available on open schemes and 55 options
offered by restricted schemes had fewer than 2 500 members. These options
generally had higher contributions and claims, and attracted higher
non-healthcare costs, the report says.

(Open medical schemes are open to the public and must admit anyone as a member.
Restricted schemes limit their membership to people who belong to a particular
group, such as the employees of a company, people who work in a certain sector
of the economy, or members of a trade union.)

Five medical schemes stopped operating in 2012, leaving only 92 schemes at |the
end of last year, although the number of beneficiaries (main members and their
dependants) increased slightly, the council's annual report says.

The industry has lost 52 medical schemes over the past 13 years, and although
consolidation may be good, because it can result in financially stronger schemes
, too much consolidation would reduce competition.

However, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says in the annual
report that there is no danger of an oligopoly forming in the medical scheme
industry yet. This is despite the dominance of one open scheme, Discovery Health
Medical Scheme, with 2.4 million beneficiaries, and one restricted scheme for
civil servants, the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems), with 1.8 million
beneficiaries at the end of last year.

Scheme consolidation was the result of amalgamations and liquidations, which, in
turn, were brought about by the economic environment in which medical schemes
operate, Gantsho says in the report.

The introduction of an internationally accepted system of risk pooling would go
a long way to secure the stability and long-term sustainability of the medical
schemes industry and thereby strengthen the entire healthcare system, private
and public, he says.

The proposed Risk Equalisation Fund, which would have enabled schemes that have
a relatively large number of members in poor health to be cross-subsidised by
schemes with a large number of members in good health, was abandoned by
government in 2011.

Gantsho says that 2012 was the first year in a number of years during which the
consolidation of medical schemes |did not result in a decrease in the number of
options.

Although the total number of options fell by three, the average number of
options per scheme increased from 3.2 in 2011 to 3.3 last year. Open schemes had
an average of 6.3 options and restricted schemes had an average of 2.2 options
at the end of 2012.

Gantsho says the increase in the average number of options is a result of more
schemes introducing "efficiency-|discounted options", where your contributions
are lower if you use healthcare providers that belong to a network that has
entered into a contract with your medical scheme.

Beneficiaries up

The number of medical scheme beneficiaries is increasing at a faster rate than
the growth of the country's population, Gantsho says in the annual report.

The total number of beneficiaries increased by 1.8 percent, from 8.5 million in
2011 to 8.6 million in 2012, although |the number of beneficiaries of open
medical schemes declined by less than 0.5 percent, the annual report says.

The number of beneficiaries of restricted schemes increased by 4.1 percent,
which was driven largely by the growth of Gems, which signed up about ' 000
members last year.

According to Gantsho, the average age of beneficiaries across schemes has not
changed since 2004.

no ageing over long term

The rapid increase in medical scheme costs is often blamed on an ageing medical
scheme membership, who use more healthcare services as they get older. An
inability to attract young members is often cited as a problem.

While medical scheme beneficiaries have aged slightly since last year - from an
average of 31.6 years at the end of 2011 to 32 years at the end of 2012 - the
latest average age of members is the same as it was in 2004, the report shows.

However, over the intervening years, there has been a redistribution of the
younger members of the medical scheme population, to the detriment of open
medical schemes.

Before the advent of Gems, open schemes had, on average, a younger membership
profile than that of restricted schemes.

In 2012, beneficiaries of open schemes had an average age of 33.2 years, whereas
restricted schemes had an average age of 29.9 years.

The introduction of Gems in 2006, which has attracted younger beneficiaries, has
made the overall restricted scheme population younger.

Despite the overall trend, the annual report notes that in 2012 the age profile
of beneficiaries of open schemes became marginally lower than the previous year
because the largest open scheme, Discovery Health, attracted younger
beneficiaries, whereas the age profile of Gems members became higher because it
took on a large number of beneficiaries who were older than its average age.

The percentage of pensioner beneficiaries (those over 65 years of age) increased
from 6.6 percent in 2011 to 7.1 percent in 2012.

This also affected the financial |well-being of medical schemes, particularly
open schemes, which have more pensioner members than restricted schemes.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Lapse of development period: LDA to seize plots of 21 housing schemes

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Feb. 23 -- The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has decided to acquire
possession of mortgaged plots located in 21 private housing schemes, including
Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme Foundation, Overseas Pakistani
Foundation's Farm Housing Scheme and Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme.

According to LDA spokesman, the authority had started preliminary proceedings
for lands' acquisition, which are to be sold later through an open auction in
order to execute development works in the housing schemes.

The spokesman informed the media that the developers of these schemes had failed
to complete development work in these colonies despite passage of the specified
period given to them for this purpose.

He said the LDA had "intimidated" the general public and developers of these
schemes to file their respective objections in this regard, in the interest of
justice. It also asked them to inform the authorities about any plot
transactions they had conducted in the housing schemes. "The objections must
reach the LDA metropolitan planning director's office within the next 15 days,"
he added.

The 21 schemes mentioned above include Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme
Foundation, Overseas Pakistani Foundation's Farm Housing Scheme, Ravians
Co-operative Housing Scheme, Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing
Scheme Phase-I, Al-Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme,
Bagh-e-Iram Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme, Fazal Elahi/Makkah
Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green Valley Housing scheme,
Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing Scheme Phase-II, Khurram Town Housing
Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, Rehmanabad Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing
Scheme (North), Saman Zar Housing Scheme, Sunny Park (Ext) Sunny Garden Housing
Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon Housing Scheme. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Don't fall prey to bogus investment schemes - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 1085  words


Fraudulent investment schemes come in various forms, the most common being
pyramid schemes and Ponzi schemes. Last week we delved into the mechanics of
"pyramid schemes" and this week we discuss the evil twin of the pyramid scheme
-- the Ponzi scheme.

BY CLIVE MPHAMBELA

What are the characteristics of a Ponzi scheme?

A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment operation in which the operators, an
individual or organisation, pays out returns to earlier investors from new
capital paid into the scheme by new investors, rather than from profit earned
through bona fide business sources.
Operators of Ponzi schemes usually entice new investors by offering much higher
returns than other similar investments. In general, the returns offered are
usually abnormally high over short-terms and abnormally or unusually consistent
over the long term. Ponzi scheme returns also generally defy other underlying
economic fundamentals, such as recessions or economic downturns.

Whilst pyramid schemes are easily disguised as multi-level or network marketing
business ventures, a number of seemingly legitimate investment vehicles or
strategies, can also become the backbone of Ponzi schemes.

Initially the Ponzi schemer will pay out very high returns to attract more and
more investors, and to lure the current investors into putting in additional
money into the scheme. Other new investors will begin to participate, attracted
by high returns leading to a "cascade effect". The "investment returns" to the
initial investors are paid out of the new investments made by new entrants, and
not out of profits of the underlying investment business.

Often the high returns offered will encourage investors to leave their money in
the Ponzi scheme, with the result that the promoters do not have to pay out very
much to their investors. The scammers simply send regular statements to their
victims, showing them on paper, how much they have earned in interest or capital
gains. This sustains the deception that the Ponzi scheme is an investment
offering high returns.

Ponzi scheme promoters will also actively try to minimise withdrawals by
offering new investment products to investors, often leading them to investments
where their money is "frozen" for longer periods of time, in exchange for even
higher returns. Under such a scenario the promoters reduce cash outflows and
enjoy new cash inflows as investors are told that they cannot transfer their
money from the first scheme to the second scheme and so forth. Ponzi schemes
also cleverly create an illusion of liquidity by maintaining credibility with
investors. If an investor wishes to withdraw their money in accordance with the
terms of the scheme, the withdrawal requests are usually very promptly
processed, giving the illusion to all other investors that the fund is very
liquid and in fact solvent when this is far from the truth.

Why do Ponzi schemes eventually collapse?

Ponzi schemes typically collapse when some external market forces, such as a
sharp decline in the economy, a change in regulations, or some other event cause
many investors to simultaneously withdraw part or all of their funds from the
scheme. Since the scheme requires a continual stream of new investments to fund
higher return of past investors, once these investments slow down for any
reason, the scheme soon collapses as the Ponzi promoter will start encountering
problems in paying the promised dividends to investors. The higher the returns
promised, the greater the risk of the Ponzi scheme collapsing. Such liquidity
crises often trigger panics, as more people start asking for their money.

What are the similarities and differences between pyramid schemes and Ponzi
schemes?

Whilst pyramid schemes as a form of fraud are very similar in some ways to Ponzi
schemes, because both types of financial fraud rely heavily on a mistaken belief
by gullible "investors" in a nonexistent financial reality, which includes the
hope of extremely quick and high rates of return. The underlying tenet why both
schemes work is because humans are inherently greedy. They both thrive on a
concept in behavioural finance called "the greater fool theory". However,
several characteristics distinguish Pyramid Schemes from Ponzi schemes.

In a Ponzi scheme, the scamsters act as a central "hub" and interact directly
and actively with all the victims. In a pyramid scheme however, the recruiter
benefits directly from his or her recruits. Each higher level of beneficiaries
in the pyramid hierarchy reaps directly from those that join or are recruited
after the. It is for this reason that Pyramid Schemes collapse quickly as the
failure to recruit new participants typically means that you will not get an
investment return.

In a Ponzi scheme, the organisers recruit victims directly and usually
discretely. The Ponzi investment scheme typically claims to rely on some
esoteric investment approach, some unique ability or access to an unverified
investment strategy that yields supernormal returns and often attracts very
well-to-do investors. Pyramid schemes on the other hand explicitly claim that
new money from new recruits will be paid to earlier recruits who rank higher in
the "food chain". A Ponzi scheme organiser will carefully and discretely pay out
capital and returns from older investors with capital contributions from new
investors.

A pyramid scheme, therefore, typically collapses much faster because it requires
an exponential increase in new participants to sustain it. By contrast, Ponzi
schemes can survive simply by persuading ,some of the existing participants to
reinvest their money, and can run for long periods with a relatively small
number of new participants.

How can you protect yourself from pyramid and Ponzi schemes?

The first thing one must do in order not to fall victim to Pyramid schemes and
similar types of financial scams is to check facts with an independent person.
Your banker or financial advisor for example may be able to tell a typical Ponzi
or pyramid arrangement. Don't fall prey, smarten up.

Clive Mphambela is a Banker. He writes in his capacity as Advocacy Officer for
the Bankers Association of Zimbabwe. BAZ expressly invites stakeholders other
stakeholders to give their valuable comments, feedback and questions related to
this article to him on clive@baz.org.zw or on numbers 04-744686/987, and Mobile
number 0772206913. Readers can also visit the BAZ website www.baz.org .zw for
similar articles and advice.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/385/1279/50/147522363949.gif



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2016 NewsDay
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                               February 13, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Delayed: Schemes not starting before 2018

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 326 words


Flood defence schemes not proceeding before 2018-19 Launceston Newport flood
alleviation scheme Barripper flow distribution improvement scheme Carbis Bay -
St Margaret's Hotel culvert refurbishment Cawsand fluvial flood alleviation
scheme Crackington Haven flood alleviation scheme Falmouth tidal flood
alleviation scheme Fowey flood alleviation scheme Gilberts Coombe flood
alleviation scheme Gunnislake Drakewalls Stream flood alleviation scheme Hayle
Foundry Square flood alleviation scheme Hayle River flood banks refurbishment
Heamoor Chyandour Stream flood defence scheme Kingsand fluvial flood alleviation
scheme Kingsand tidal flood alleviation scheme Looe flood alleviation scheme
Lostwithiel River Fowey flood alleviation scheme Lostwithiel Tanhouse Stream
flood alleviation scheme Mevagissey tidal flood alleviation scheme and
Mevagissey fluvial flood alleviation scheme Millbrook Banks flood alleviation
scheme Newlyn fluvial flood alleviation scheme Par Moor diversion culvert scheme
Penryn tidal flood alleviation scheme Penzance Wherrytown and Harbour tidal
flood alleviation scheme Portreath Flood alleviation scheme Saltash Tidal flood
alleviation scheme St Mawes tidal flood alleviation scheme Tredenham Close
pumping station and drainage improvements Wadebridge flood defence improvements
Wadebridge sheet pile wall refurbishment White River flood defence re-alignment
Crooklets Beach sea defence refurbishment Downderry Coast protection works phase
two Halzephron coastal adaptation works Kingsand Coast protection works Long
Rock revetment extension east and Long Rock revetment extension west Mevagissey
Harbour Victoria Pier refurbishment Penzance Promenade refurbishment Porthleven
harbour walls refurbishment Praa Sands coast defence works phase two St Ives
Wharf Road sea wall improvements - option one raise sea wall St Ives Wharf Road
sea wall improvements - option two individual property protection St Mawes sea
wall refurbishment.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ? REPEAT VICTIM: Cleaning the Ship Inn after flooding hit the pub in
Mevagissey. Landlord Tony Ginn only took over the pub in October but has already
quit after it was flooded 11 times.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2013 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                             March 24, 2002, Sunday

Don't be stumped by technical terms Few employees know the difference between a
final salary or money purchase scheme, let alone the more arcane terms used in
company pensions lore. Emma Simon offers a starting point

BYLINE: BY EMMA SIMON

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1657 words

Accrual Rate: The rate at which you build up a pension entitlement in a final
salary scheme. Members of good final salary schemes receive 1 60 of their final
salary for each full year worked. So an employee with 40 years' service ends up
with 40 60 or 2 3 of their final salary as a pension. Some schemes pay only 1 80
. MPs get 1 50 and have voted for 1 40 .

Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs): An in-house pension top-up scheme
which allows members of a money purchase scheme to make extra savings towards
their pension. Employees cannot contribute more than 15 per cent of their
earnings into the main scheme and the top-up plan. You cannot take a tax-free
lump sum from an AVC plan. For individuals earning less than pounds 30,000 a
year (or who earn extra money from a second job), AVCs (and FSAVCs, see below)
are set to be superseded by stakeholders (see Concurrency).

Beneficiaries: Occupational schemes automatically pay a pension and death
benefits to a widow or widower. However, members may have to nominate an
unmarried partner if they want them to receive the same benefits. Some schemes
pay benefits to nominated partners, others do not. It depends on the trustees
and scheme rules.

Benefits: These typically include pension income, tax-free lump sums on
retirement, widow's/widower's pension and life assurance.

Career Average Salary: A type of "defined benefit" scheme (see later), where the
pension depends on the average salary paid for each year worked rather than your
final earnings. Nationwide Building Society recently switched to a career
average pension scheme.

Concurrency: Before the introduction of stakeholders, individuals could
contribute to only one pension scheme at a time; you could not, for instance,
take out a personal pension alongside a company scheme or vice versa. Now any
employees earning less than pounds 30,000 a year can contribute a full pounds
3,600 into a stakeholder, regardless of how much they invest in an occupational
scheme. Employees earning more than pounds 30,000 cannot have a stakeholder
running alongside an occupational scheme unless they can prove that stakeholder
contributions are from outside earnings such as freelance or consultancy work.

Commutation: Exchanging part of your pension at retirement for a tax-free lump
sum. Most money purchase schemes allow members to take up to 25 per cent of
their fund. Final salary schemes typically allow members to take three times
their annual pension entitlement. The exact amount may vary depending on
individual scheme rules and how long a member has been contributing.

Contracting out: Members of a money purchase scheme have the option of
contracting out of the State Earnings Related Pension scheme and investing their
National Insurance rebate into their employers' scheme. Older workers in money
purchase schemes are generally advised to contract back into Serps when they
reach their early 50s (late 40s for women). Trustees of final salary schemes
decide whether the scheme is contracted in or out of Serps.

Defined Benefit Scheme: Another name for a final salary or career-average salary
scheme. The pension you receive depends on the salary you earn at the company
and the number of years you have been a member of the pension scheme. With any
defined benefit scheme the company bears the risk of investments
underperforming. The payment made to employees in retirement is guaranteed
regardless of stockmarket conditions.

Defined Contributions Scheme: Another name for a money purchase scheme. Here the
income received in retirement depends on how much the employee and employer have
paid into the fund, the investment performance of this fund, and the prevailing
annuity rate on retirement.

With these schemes, the employee takes the risk; with a defined benefit scheme,
the employer takes the risk. If the investment performance of the fund is poor,
members receive a lower income in retirement.

Early Retirement: Under Inland Revenue rules, employees cannot receive an income
from a pension scheme before the age of 50 (with certain exceptions, e.g.
professional sportsmen). Minimum retirement ages vary between occupational
schemes from 50 to 65. Most final salary schemes will reduce the annual income
to allow for the fact that the scheme will have to pay a pension for longer.
With money purchase schemes, employees may still have to seek permission from
the trustees and employer before taking their benefits early.

Final Salary Scheme: A defined benefit scheme, where the pension received in
retirement is related to your pay at, or near, retirement, and the number of
years you have worked. If you leave a final salary early - for example, if you
change jobs - then your ultimate pension is linked to your most recent salary.

FRS17: This is a new accounting standard blamed for much of the recent
hullaballoo about company pensions.

Companies are now required to inform shareholders about the financial state of
their pension fund each year. Recent stockmarket volatility and increased life
expectancy have left several large funds in the red. Some companies have cited
FRS17 as the main reason for switching from final salary to money purchase
schemes.

Free-Standing Additional Voluntary Contributions (FSAVCs): These work in the
same way as AVCs, except they are run by an outside insurance company. They
are normally more expensive than in-house schemes.

Furbs (Funded Unapproved Retirement Benefit Schemes): These are top-up pension
schemes for directors and other high earners whose salaries exceed the earnings
cap (currently pounds 95,400 a year). This is the maximum level at which the
Government is prepared to give tax relief on contributions into a pension scheme
. Because Furbs are "unapproved", they do not receive preferential tax
treatment. Most are trust funds set up by employers or insurance policies to pay
benefits to members in retirement.

Group Personal Pension (GPP) Scheme: A cross between an employers' scheme and a
personal pension plan. Rather than have one big pension fund, each employee has
his own "pot" of money and an individual contract with the insurance company
running the scheme. In theory, this makes it easier to transfer pensions from
job to job. Unlike traditional company schemes, employers were not obliged to
make contributions when GPPs were launched.

Hybrid Schemes: Employers' schemes that work out pensions and other benefits on
both a final salary and a money purchase basis and pay you whichever is better.

Industry-wide Schemes: As the name suggests, these are pension schemes for
members of a whole industry - for example, construction workers. Individual
employers and employees will make contributions. They are often run by a trades
union.

One advantage for employees is that they do not have to transfer pensions when
they change jobs. They are also useful for keeping costs down for smaller
employers. Currently 1.6m people are members of industry-wide schemes in the UK.

Money Purchase Schemes: Another name for defined contribution schemes.

National Association of Pension Funds: A trade body representing occupational
pension schemes. It has about 1,400 members.

Office of Pensions Advisory Service: This non-profit-making organisation offers
free advice to individuals who have a complaint about an occupational and
personal pension scheme.

It also provides generic information about state pension benefits. It is on 0207
233 8080 or at www.opas.org.uk

Occupational Pensions Regulatory Authority: This is the regulatory body that
ensures company schemes comply with pensions legislation, particularly the late
payment of contributions.

Part-timers: Any worker on a permanent part-time contract is entitled to join
any occupational scheme being run by the company. Those on contracts (whether
full or part-time) do not.

Preserved pension: The pension you're entitled to receive at retirement from a
pension scheme of which you used to be a member.

Pensions Tracing Registry: Part of the Department for Work & Pensions. This
agency helps employees track "lost" pension income from previous employers'
pension schemes. You pay a nominal fee of a couple of pounds to initiate a
trace. Call 0191 225 6393/6394 to register.

Remuneration: This refers to the earnings that can be assessed when calculating
a pension in a final salary scheme. As well as basic salary, total remuneration
also includes any bonuses and commission earned.

Simp (Statutory Illustration of Money Purchase): From April next year, all money
purchase schemes will have to send out an annual statement with standard
illustrations projecting the pension income on retirement. Unlike current
projections, these illustrations will have to take into account inflation, and
show the annual income in today's money.

The Government hopes to panic people into contributing more to a pension scheme:
the industry is worried no one will buy a pension if they realise what a
pittance they are likely to receive.

Stakeholder scheme: Any firm with five or more employees must offer all staff
access to a stakeholder pension or "approved" alternative.

Approved alternatives include a final salary scheme, or a GPP or money purchase
scheme where the employer already contributes 3 per cent-plus of the workers'
wages. Employers do not have to make contributions into a stakeholder scheme.

Socially Responsible Investing: Pension trustees are now required to inform
members what their stance is on SRI. It is hoped that this will encourage more
trustees to offer funds that invest along ethical guidelines.

Trustees: Every occupational pension scheme has a board of independent trustees
whose job it is to oversee the management of the fund. They will be responsible
for appointing fund managers and monitoring their performance and charges. Some
trustees will be appointed by the company, others will be voted in by scheme
members.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              19 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

District Govt fulfilled its commitment of making Hyderabad a developed city

LENGTH: 1107  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, June 10 -- The present District Government Hyderabadhas fulfilled its
commitment of making Hyderabad one of the developedcities of Pakistan by
launching of 1525 development schemes worthRs 15.1307 billion in various
sectors. Out of 1525 development projects, the District Government has
completed1134 projects while 108 other schemes is in the last stage of
completion, the work remain in progress on 180 while ground breaking of 103
projectsis being started soon, informed District Nazim Hyderabad Kanwar
NaveedJamil in a panel interview with APP Hyderabad here on Wednesday. When the
present District Government took over the charge of 20million population of
Hyderabad with the aim of providing all civic facilities at their nearest,
Kanwar Naveed Jamil said that the peoplewere experiencing with deteriorating
sewerage system, shabby conditionof roads, lack of availability of filtered
water, parks, playgroundsas well as worst condition in health and education
sectors. The District Government has set goals under Hyderabad
DevelopmentPackage with preparation of short, mid and long terms plans to
restorethe glory of Hyderabad, the gateway of Sindh and after completion
oftenure of the present District Government, the people witnessed, adeveloped
city as compared to other cities of the country, he said.

Giving details of the development schemes, the District Naziminformed that out
of 14 projects of constructing flyovers, underpassesand bridges with Rs 4.3108
billion, the District Government hascompleted one scheme while work remained in
progress on ten schemesand three more schemes are to be launched soon. In road
sector, he informed that 386 schemes were prepared withRs 1.5529 billion, the
District Government has completed 321 schemeswhile 32 are near to completion.
Similarly, work in in progress on 13 schemes while 20 schemes of road sectors
will be launched soon,he added. The District Government has prepared 108 schemes
of laying watersupply lines, construction of water lagoons and repair and
constructionof pumping stations with Rs. 998.2 million and succeeded in
completing62 schemes while 19 are near to completion, he said and added that
workon 17 schemes is being carried out while 10 more schemes will be launched
soon. Kanwar Naveed Jamil informed that the District Government has launchednine
projects of establishing filter plants and water reservoirs with Rs. 1.3130
billion and so far, six projects have been completed, one in under completion
and two projects will be launched soon. With completion of these projects, the
district would have no need of extension of these projects up to the year 2027,
he added. The District Government has initiated 126 schemes constructing
seweragetreatment plants and laying of sewerage lines with Rs. 3.308 billion and
completed 82 schemes in this direction while eight are near to completion, he
said and added that work on 27 schemes is in progress while nine schemes will be
launched soon. In Education Sector, Kanwar Naveed Jamil informed that the
DistrictGovernment has initiated 595 schemes with Rs. 1.1693 billion, of
which,448 schemes have been completed, 37 are near to completion, 57 remainedin
progress while 53 more schemes will be launched soon. The Hyderabad district has
taken edge from other districts of the country by converting 300 government
schools of Urdu and Sindhi Medium into English medium, he said and added that
with the improvement of educational education standard in these institutions,
now the District Government faces influences fromthe parents for admission of
their children in these government schools. In health sector, he informed that
the District Government haslaunched 98 schemes with Rs. 579.2 million, of which
82 schemes have been completed and eight are near to completion. Similarly work
on seven schemes remained in progress while another scheme will be launched
soon. The schemes in health sectors comprised the establishment of state of the
art trauma centre, more hospital including children hospital, upgrading of
existing hospitals with provision of advanced medical equipments and medicines
as well as free of cost treatment of the patients of hepatitis and other
diseases, he said and added that after completion of all these schemes, the
people of Hyderabad would have no need of carrying out their medical treatment
from private and expensive hospitals as all state of the arts facilities are now
available in these government hospitals with cheap rate. In building sector, the
District Nazim informed that 95 schemes wereinitiated with Rs 39.1 million, of
which 89 schemes have been completed while work is under progress on six other
schemes. The District Government has launched schemes of establishment of
15parks with Rs 268 million, of which eight schemes have been completed,work on
four schemes is in progress and three will be launched soon.With repair and
renovation of historic Raani Bagh, the people ofHyderabad found one of the best
recreational spot, he added. The District Government has also taken up 11
schemes for therestoration and preservation of historic buildings and
construction of boundary walls of the graveyards with Rs 41.4 million, of which
sixschemes have been completed, two are near to completion and workremained in
progress on three schemes, he said. In agriculture sector, he informed that two
schemes were launchedwith Rs 21.5 million, of which work is in progress on one
scheme while another will be initiated soon. Similarly, the District Government
has launched 28 schemes of electricity with Rs 22.8 million, of which threehave
been completed while work is under progress on remaining 25 schemes,he added.
Kanwar Naveed Jamil informed that the District Government hasinitiated 13
schemes of community development with Rs. 60 million,of which 13 schemes have
been completed, five are near to completionwhile work remained in progress on
remaining wight schemes. The District Government also launched 10 schemes of
purchasingvehicles, machinery and mechanical equipments with Rs. 369.6
millionand completed all schemes, he said and added that another scheme of
Geographical Information System (GIS) is near to completion with Rs 45 million.
The completion of GIS would bring Hyderabad an edge to othercities of the
country as it would provide all basic information to the people on clicking the
computer, he added. The Master Plan of Hyderabad is also near to completion
withRs 15.6 million while Rs 3.9 million has been spent by the District
Government for establishment of Call Centre, he added.Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Flood defence schemes 'not proceeding' before 2018-19

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


CORNWALL Launceston Newport Flood Alleviation Scheme Barripper flow distribution
improvement scheme Carbis Bay - St Margaret's Hotel Culvert Refurbishment
Cawsand Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Crackington Haven Flood Alleviation
Scheme Falmouth Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Fowey Flood Alleviation Scheme
Gilberts Coombe Flood Alleviation Scheme Gunnislake Drakewalls Stream Flood
Alleviation Scheme Hayle Foundry Square Flood Alleviation Scheme Hayle River
flood banks refurbishment Heamoor Chyandour Stream Flood Defence Scheme Kingsand
Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Kingsand Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Looe
Flood Alleviation Scheme Lostwithiel River Fowey Flood Alleviation Scheme
Lostwithiel Tanhouse Stream Flood Alleviation Scheme Mevagissey Tidal Flood
Alleviation Scheme Mevagissey Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Millbrook Banks
Flood Alleviation Scheme Newlyn Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Newlyn Fluvial
Flood Alleviation Scheme Par Moor Diversion Culvert Scheme Penryn tidal Flood
Alleviation Scheme Penzance Wherrytown and Harbour Tidal Flood Alleviation
Scheme Portreath Flood Alleviation Scheme Saltash Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme
St Mawes Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Tredenham Close pumping station and
drainage improvements Wadebridge flood defence improvements Wadebridge sheet
pile wall refurbishment White River flood defence re-alignment Crooklets Beach
Sea Defence Refurbishment Downderry Coast Protection Works Phase 2 Halzephron
Coastal Adaptation Works Kingsand Coast Protection Works Long Rock Revetment
Extension East Long Rock Revetment Extension West Mevagissey Harbour Victoria
Pier Refurbishment Penzance Promenade Refurbishment Porthleven Harbour Walls
Refurbishment Praa Sands Coast Defence Works Phase Two St Ives Wharf Road Sea
Wall Improvements - Option 1 Raise Sea Wall St Ives Wharf Road Sea Wall
Improvements - Option 2 Individual Property Protection St Mawes Sea Wall
Refurbishment DEVON River Plym Improvements Project Alfington Individual
Property Protection Scheme Fenny Bridges Flood Alleviation Scheme Old Feniton
Village Flood Alleviation Scheme Exeter Red Cow Flood Alleviation Scheme Camels
Head Wolseley Road carriageway reprofiling Embankment Road by Haywoods pumping
and attenuation improvements Keyham, Saltash Road surface water capacity
improvements Plymouth Barbican Phoenix Wharf renovation Plymouth Marshall Road
Culvert renewal/relining Plymouth The Cattewater Teats Hill slipway
refurbishment Plymouth The Sound Jennycliff cliff stabilisation Plymouth The
Sound, West Hoe Pier renovation Plympton Drunken Bridge Hill additional highway
drainage Plymstock Alexandra Close surface water flood protection Plymstock
Vinery Lane additional highway drainage Hope Cove - Implementation of Catchment
Study recommendations Broadsands Sea Wall Structural Repairs

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Flood defence schemes 'not proceeding' before 2018-19

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


CORNWALL Launceston Newport Flood Alleviation Scheme Barripper flow distribution
improvement scheme Carbis Bay - St Margaret's Hotel Culvert Refurbishment
Cawsand Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Crackington Haven Flood Alleviation
Scheme Falmouth Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Fowey Flood Alleviation Scheme
Gilberts Coombe Flood Alleviation Scheme Gunnislake Drakewalls Stream Flood
Alleviation Scheme Hayle Foundry Square Flood Alleviation Scheme Hayle River
flood banks refurbishment Heamoor Chyandour Stream Flood Defence Scheme Kingsand
Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Kingsand Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Looe
Flood Alleviation Scheme Lostwithiel River Fowey Flood Alleviation Scheme
Lostwithiel Tanhouse Stream Flood Alleviation Scheme Mevagissey Tidal Flood
Alleviation Scheme Mevagissey Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Millbrook Banks
Flood Alleviation Scheme Newlyn Fluvial Flood Alleviation Scheme Newlyn Fluvial
Flood Alleviation Scheme Par Moor Diversion Culvert Scheme Penryn tidal Flood
Alleviation Scheme Penzance Wherrytown and Harbour Tidal Flood Alleviation
Scheme Portreath Flood Alleviation Scheme Saltash Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme
St Mawes Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme Tredenham Close pumping station and
drainage improvements Wadebridge flood defence improvements Wadebridge sheet
pile wall refurbishment White River flood defence re-alignment Crooklets Beach
Sea Defence Refurbishment Downderry Coast Protection Works Phase 2 Halzephron
Coastal Adaptation Works Kingsand Coast Protection Works Long Rock Revetment
Extension East Long Rock Revetment Extension West Mevagissey Harbour Victoria
Pier Refurbishment Penzance Promenade Refurbishment Porthleven Harbour Walls
Refurbishment Praa Sands Coast Defence Works Phase Two St Ives Wharf Road Sea
Wall Improvements - Option 1 Raise Sea Wall St Ives Wharf Road Sea Wall
Improvements - Option 2 Individual Property Protection St Mawes Sea Wall
Refurbishment DEVON River Plym Improvements Project Alfington Individual
Property Protection Scheme Fenny Bridges Flood Alleviation Scheme Old Feniton
Village Flood Alleviation Scheme Exeter Red Cow Flood Alleviation Scheme Camels
Head Wolseley Road carriageway reprofiling Embankment Road by Haywoods pumping
and attenuation improvements Keyham, Saltash Road surface water capacity
improvements Plymouth Barbican Phoenix Wharf renovation Plymouth Marshall Road
Culvert renewal/relining Plymouth The Cattewater Teats Hill slipway
refurbishment Plymouth The Sound Jennycliff cliff stabilisation Plymouth The
Sound, West Hoe Pier renovation Plympton Drunken Bridge Hill additional highway
drainage Plymstock Alexandra Close surface water flood protection Plymstock
Vinery Lane additional highway drainage Hope Cove - Implementation of Catchment
Study recommendations Broadsands Sea Wall Structural Repairs

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                          September 04, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes show huge jump in their operating profit to R1.55bn

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez|Personal Finance

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1022 words


MEDICAL schemes collected R129.8 billion in contributions, paid out R112.9bn in
health-care claims and ended the year on a high note with an overall operating
surplus of R1.55bn.

That was well up on the R29 million surplus at the end of 2012, according to the
latest annual report of the Council for Medical Schemes.

But while the good operating results also boosted schemes' solvency ratios,
growth in membership slowed to just 1.1 percent last year and if it was not for
growth in the membership of the country's two largest medical schemes, the
number of lives covered by schemes would have declined.

The low growth was a bit of a concern to the council, as schemes relied on
growth among younger medical scheme members to sustain their risk pools, Dr
Anton de Villiers, the head of research and monitoring at the Council for
Medical Schemes, said.

A trend of lower growth in younger lives covered will affect schemes in future
as health-care claims rise with the rising age of the lives covered by schemes.

Last year's growth in lives covered was still enough to decrease the average age
of beneficiaries covered by schemes but only slightly. The average age decreased
to 31.9 years last year from 32 years at the end of 2012.

While schemes keep an eye on the membership trends and their effect on claims,
last year's good results could positively affect the contribution increases that
financially healthy schemes put through for next year. Schemes are likely to
start announcing their increases later this month.

The council's annual report showed that after the inclusion of investment
income, schemes collectively showed a 42.3 percent increase in their net surplus
to R5.3bn. This translated into an increase in scheme reserves, pushing the
overall reserves as a percentage of contributions, or solvency, of all schemes
to 33.3 percent at the end of 2013 from 32.6 percent at the end of 2012.

Schemes are required by law to hold 25 percent of their contributions in
reserve.

Tebogo Maziya, the head of financial supervision at the Council for Medical
Schemes, said the reason schemes had a good year was the rate of contribution
increases for 2013 was higher than the increase in claims.

Overall contributions collected increased by 10.4 percent over the course of
last year, while total expenditure by medical schemes increased by 8.9 percent,
the report showed.

On a per beneficiary level, expenditure on claims rose just 7.1 percent last
year, she said.

Maziya said the council was of the view that contributions for 2013 were
adjusted for the higher claims ratios experienced in 2012.

Last year schemes spent 35.3 percent of their health-care expenditure on
hospital services (state hospitals included), but expenditure on private
hospitals decreased slightly in real terms to R39.4bn in 2013 from R39.7 billion
in 2012, the council said yesterday.

It said last year was the first year since 2005 in which there was no
significant increase in expenditure paid by schemes to hospitals.

"While we are investigating reasons for this unexpected trend, initial
indications are that private hospital admissions for expensive treatment such as
renal dialysis, PET scans, angiograms, outpatient visits, bone density scans and
MRI scans as well as births per 1 000 females declined," Daniel Lehutjo, the
acting chief executive officer and registrar of the Council for Medical Schemes,
said.

De Villiers said the council would like to believe that the lower hospital costs
were a result of managed care entities that schemes have contracted with to
ensure health-care expenditure was appropriate and offered value for money.

The council had embarked on a project that would in future see managed care
entities measuring the value they provided to schemes, he said.

Medical scheme payments to medical specialists increased again last year, with
an 8.4 percent increase in real terms to R27.5bn last year from R25.4bn spent in
2012.

De Villiers also noted that the most significant increase in health-care
benefits paid was for support and allied health professionals, such as
laboratory technologists, physiotherapists and psychologists.

The council said the amount paid to these health-care providers increased by 19
percent from R7.9bn in 2012 to R9.4bn in 2013.

This category accounted for 8.4 percent of all benefits paid by schemes last
year.

The annual report showed that the number of people who enjoyed health-care cover
through medical schemes grew from 8.6 million at the end of 2012 to 8.7 million
lives at the end of 2013.

However, the growth in membership of the country's second-largest medical scheme
, the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems), slowed. This resulted in
virtually flat year-on-year growth (0.2 percent) in the number of lives covered
by restricted schemes to 3.9 million members. Restricted schemes offer
membership to employer or industry groups.

If Gems were excluded, the number of beneficiaries covered by restricted schemes
would have declined 1.6 percent, De Villiers said.

Gems has grown strongly from no members when it opened its doors in 2006 to 1.85
million beneficiaries at the end of last year. It continued to grow but at a
slower 2.3 percent rate last year.

The growth in membership of all open medical schemes - schemes that must admit
anyone - exceeded that of restricted schemes for the 2013 year, as open schemes'
increased their number of beneficiaries by 1.8 percent to 4.8 million lives.

However, if the growth in membership of the country's largest medical scheme,
Discovery Health Medical Scheme, were excluded, the average membership of open
medical schemes would have declined by 0.4 percent, De Villiers said.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme grew 3.9 percent last year to 2.5 million
beneficiaries.

The annual report showed that consolidation among medical schemes continued its
decade-long trend, with the number of schemes dropping from 133 at the end of
2004 to 93 at the end of 2012 and 87 at the end of last year.

Five restricted schemes and one open scheme were merged or closed last year,
bringing the number of restricted medical schemes to 63 and open schemes to 24,
the annual report showed.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                               November 10, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Pension proposals explained;
Radical changes to schemes might benefit some savers - while posing risks to
others, says Nicole Blackmore

BYLINE: Nicole Blackmore

SECTION: MONEY;BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1211 words


Steve Webb, the pensions minister, has proposed far-reaching changes to private
sector pension schemes that could dramatically affect workers' retirement
incomes. Here we look at how different pensions schemes work, what changes the
Government is proposing, who will be affected - and how.

What is a defined benefit pension?

"Defined benefit" or "DB" schemes are the gold standard of pensions. They became
popular after the Second World War and were the norm at countless big - and not
so big - businesses.

Employers pay benefits that are linked to your salary, so your income in
retirement automatically increases as your pay rises. Your employer contributes
to the scheme and is responsible for ensuring that there is enough money at the
time you retire to pay your pension.

Your pension entitlement is not dependent on the performance of the stock market
or other investments, and the scheme must increase your pension income each year
in line with inflation.

There are also additional benefits such as "survivors' rights" that pay an
income to widows, widowers and civil partners. Members can start taking a
pension when they reach their scheme's pension age, set out in each scheme's
rules. These schemes are run by trustees, who look after the interests of the
scheme's members.

DB schemes are protected by the Pension Protection Fund, which pays compensation
to scheme members if their employer goes bust or the scheme doesn't have enough
money to pay members' benefits. The protection is limited, however.

Is that the same as final salary?

There are two main types of DB scheme - final salary and career average.

In final salary schemes, your pension is based on the salary you earn in the
years immediately before you retire. If you have a final salary scheme with a
previous employer, your income will be based on your salary in the years before
you left the company.

Career average schemes are less generous - they calculate your pension based on
your average earnings during the time you were an active member of a scheme.

And what is a defined contribution scheme?

The vast majority of workers in Britain will have a defined contribution (DC)
pension scheme. Employees save into a fund alongside contributions from their
employer and this money is invested mainly in stocks and shares. Unlike DB
schemes, there is no promise of a specific income in retirement - the size of
your pension will depend on how much you pay in.

When you retire you can take some of your pension as a taxfree cash lump sum and
use the rest to buy an annuity.

What exactly is being proposed?

The Government wants to introduce "defined ambition" pensions in the private
sector, which would be a halfway house between DB and DC schemes. This would
ensure risk is spread more evenly between employers and employees.

Under this banner, ministers are considering three main options: new flexible
defined benefit schemes, adding guarantees to existing defined contribution
schemes, and introducing a new type of pension called "collective defined
contribution" schemes.

Flexible DB schemes would be stripped down so that there is no requirement to
increase pensions in line with inflation or to pay benefits to survivors.

Pensions would still be linked to salary, so members would have more certainty
about their retirement income than those in DC schemes. However, employers could
increase the scheme pension age to reflect increasing life expectancy.

Employers could choose to provide discretionary benefits to members, such as
indexation or one-off bonus payments, in years when the pension scheme had
performed well.

Flexible DB schemes could also choose to move members into a DC scheme if they
leave a company. The amount of pension benefit they have accrued in the scheme
would be crystallised and the cash value transferred to a DC pension fund.

Guarantees for DC schemes would mean workers not having to shoulder all the
risk. The Government has proposed a number of options, including a "money-back"
guarantee that would prevent the value of a member's pot from falling below the
level of contributions made to the scheme, and capital and investment return
guarantees that would protect the value of a member's pot once it reached a
certain size.

Collective defined contribution schemes - common in Holland - pool members'
contributions and pensions would be paid from the collective fund.

Members would not need to buy an annuity and employers would not need to take on
any liability for the scheme.

Why does the Government want to do this?

Defined benefit schemes are becoming increasingly rare in the private sector as
rising lifespans make it ever more expensive for companies to honour their
promises to retiring workers. Official figures show that the number of private
sector workers still part of such schemes has fallen from three million in 2006
to just 1.7million today. Most of the surviving schemes are closed to new
members: 85pc have stopped accepting new employees since 2000.

The Government said it wanted to encourage large companies - those with more
than 500 employees - to offer more generous pensions than DC schemes by
continuing to link income to salaries.

Is it bad news for existing defined benefit scheme members?

All money already built up in a DB scheme would be protected from the changes.
But if an employer switched to a flexible DB scheme, any further money saved
would be affected.

Scrapping indexation so that pensions no longer increase in line with inflation
could cut the real value of a pension income by almost a third over a 15-year
retirement.

For example, a £20,000 pension income today would be worth just £13,411 in 2028
if inflation continued at its current level of 2.7pc.

Workers could also lose income if their company increased the retirement age and
benefits such as survivors' rights were lost. Members of public sector DB
schemes will not be affected.

Who stands to benefit the most?

Employees of large companies whose employer decides to switch from a DC scheme
to a flexible DB scheme.

These workers would see their retirement income tied to their salary so their
pension would not depend on how their investments fared on the stock market.

Would it mean companies contributing more?

Whether an employer increased its contribution above statutory minimums would be
a decision for individual companies to take, but the Government said these
changes would appeal to companies that wanted to offer their workers a quality
pension scheme.

Where do annuities come into all of this?

Some of these new defined ambition schemes could be set up so that the scheme
paid retirement income directly to members.

This means that members would not need to buy an annuity.

What happens next in this process?

The consultation will run until December 19. The Government will then publish a
report summarising the responses it received and the action it plans to take as
a result.

Mr Webb said that if the feedback was positive he would look to make the
legislative changes during this parliament, which ends in 2015.

5 Decline of final salary pensions Millions of members Schemes where only
existing members can save further Schemes where new members can still join and
save 4 3 2 1 0 1995 2000 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 Source
Occupational Pension Schemes survey

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Heyday: Vauxhall offered a final salary scheme in the Sixties; Steve
Webb, the pensions minister
PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

No mercy from your medical scheme if you are retrenched;
Breaks in your medical scheme membership history could |result in higher
contributions and fewer benefits when you rejoin a scheme, but schemes cannot
put your membership on hold while you are in financial difficulties. Laura du
Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1149 words


Make every effort to hold on to your medical scheme membership if you lose your
job: besides the risks that come without having cover, if you want to rejoin a
scheme once you get back on your feet, most schemes will hit you with the
waiting periods and penalties they impose on people with breaks in their
membership.

A woman who had a seven-month break in her membership of Medshield after she was
retrenched was hit with waiting periods and a late-joiner penalty when she
applied to rejoin the scheme. A Discovery Health member who was retrenched and,
more than three months later, tried to become a dependant of her husband, who
was also a Discovery member, was angered by the waiting periods imposed on her.

In terms of the Medical Schemes Act, schemes are entitled to impose waiting
periods under certain conditions, in particular if you or a dependant have not
been a member of a scheme for more than 90 days.

Late-joiner penalties can be imposed if you join a scheme after the age of 35
and you have not been a member of a scheme continuously since that age (see
"When waiting periods and late-joiner penalties can be imposed on you", above).

No exception made

A number of schemes canvassed by Personal Finance say they impose waiting
periods and late-joiner penalties on people with a break in membership of more
than three months, regardless of whether retrenchment was the reason for the
break in membership.

The hardship of losing your job often includes the loss of a company subsidy of
your medical scheme contributions, so unemployed members need to find the money
to cover not only their portion of the contributions but also the portion of the
contributions that were paid by their former employer.

The Medshield member had belonged to the scheme for two and a half years by July
last year, when she lost her job and found herself unable to pay her
contributions. She informed the scheme, and Medshield terminated her membership.

This year, when the woman found another job, she approached Medshield and asked
to resume her membership. She was asked to complete new membership forms.

The scheme offered her membership with a three-month general waiting period, a
12-month condition-specific waiting period for a cholesterol condition and a
late-joiner penalty.

The member declined the offer and applied to join Discovery Health Medical
Scheme. Discovery Health offered her membership with a three-month general
waiting period and a 12-month waiting period for the cholesterol condition. It
did not apply a late-joiner penalty.

The retrenched Discovery Health member wrote on a consumer complaints website
last year that she faced a three-month general waiting period and a 12-month
waiting period for diabetes, because she had not been a member of the scheme for
more than three months when she asked to rejoin on her husband's membership.

The law provides for waiting periods and late-joiner penalties so that schemes
can protect themselves against anti-selection by, for example, a person joining
a medical scheme only when he or she becomes ill. People who only join a scheme
late in life, when they are more likely to need medical care, would not have
contributed to the scheme when they were young and healthy. However, schemes
have the discretion to waive waiting periods and late-joiner penalties.

Duduza Khosana, the executive principal officer of Medshield, says the scheme
cannot waive waiting periods or late-joiner penalties for members who leave the
scheme because of retrenchment, because this would set a precedent that
Medshield could not defend to members who find themselves in financial
difficulties for other reasons.

Medical schemes are obliged to treat all members equally and fairly, she says.

The Council for Medical Schemes says there was nothing untoward in the scheme's
behaviour.

The council says that while it sympathises with people who are forced by
circumstances to give up their medical scheme membership, the Medical Schemes
Act is clear on waiting periods and late-joiner penalties: schemes can, and
almost always have to, apply these in order to protect their sustainability.

Review of the law

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive of the council and the Registrar of
Medical Schemes, says possible gaps in the Medical Schemes Act that may harm or
cause prejudice to medical scheme members are being addressed in a comprehensive
review of the legislation.

Measures that aim to address the risk of anti-selection by medical scheme
members are becoming an interesting topic in which the interests and protection
of the individual member have to be weighed up and balanced against the
protection of other members and therefore the scheme, Gantsho says.

Alain Peddle, the head of research and development at Discovery Health, says
Discovery always looks at a person's circumstances and the information that an
applicant provides to assess his or her risk to the scheme and to decide the
terms of membership.

Waiting periods are applied even after a short break in cover to protect
members' funds and avoid the negative effects of members joining the scheme only
when they need health care, Peddle says.

Katy Caldis, the chief executive officer of Fedhealth, says most medical schemes
apply the waiting|periods and late-joiner penalties to people who leave and then
rejoin the scheme after more than three months, because schemes have a
responsibility to all their members.

While exceptions are made, "they are few and far between, and grey areas are
avoided to ensure fair treatment to all", Caldis says.

Anton Rijnen, the chief executive officer of Medihelp, says schemes are bound by
their rules, as well as the Medical Schemes Act.

Medihelp's rules provide that if a member cannot, for whatever reason, pay the
contribution, membership is terminated. If the person wants to rejoin the scheme
, he or she has to apply anew, and Medihelp will apply the rules regarding
waiting periods and late-joiner penalties.

Lee-Ann du Toit, Momentum Health's chief marketing officer, says that, in the
interests of all members, Momentum Health also applies full waiting periods and
late-joiner penalties to members who leave and later rejoin the scheme.

Bonitas is the only large medical scheme that says it uses its discretion when
applying waiting periods to people who want to rejoin the scheme after a break
in membership as a result of retrenchment.

Gerhard van Emmenis, the acting principal officer of Bonitas Medical Fund, says
Bonitas's guidelines on waiting periods and late-joiner penalties would be
applied to a member who terminated and then rejoined the scheme.

However, the member or his or her intermediary could ask Bonitas to review the
underwriting decision, and Bonitas would reinstate the cover the member enjoyed
before his or her membership was suspended due to retrenchment, provided that
the scheme is satisfied that there is no anti-selection, Van Emmenis says.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

in the HIGH Court of Justice (IN ENGLAND AND WALES) CHANCERY DIVISION COURT;
Public Notices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 1118 words


Claim Nos. 5812 and 5813 of 2014 COMPANIES IN THE MATTERS OF OIC RUN-OFF LIMITED
(formerly Ralli Brothers Insurance Company Limited Limited and The Orion
Insurance Company Company plc) plc) -and -THE LONDON AND OVERSEAS INSURANCE
COMPANY LIMITED (formerly Hull Underwriters' Association Limited and The London
and Overseas Insurance Company plc) (both subject to a scheme of arrangement)
-and -IN THE MATTER OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 PROPOSED AMENDING SCHEME OF
ARRANGEMENT NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, by an order dated 8 October 2014 made
in the above matters, theHigh Court of Justice of England and Wales (the
"Court") has directed that meetings (the "Amending Scheme Meetings Meetings ")
be convened of the Scheme Creditors Creditors (as defined in the Original
SchemeSchemereferred referred to below) of the above Companies (the "Companies")
at 10.30am (English time), on 11 December 2014 " PricewaterhouseCoopers
Companies LLP, 1 Embankment Embankment Place, Place, London, WC2N 6RH, United
Kingdom forthe the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving (with
or without modification) modification) the Amending Amending scheme of of
ARRANGEMENT proposed proposed to be be made made between the Companies and Their
their respective SchemeCreditors Creditors pursuant to Part 26 of the Companies
Act 2006 (the "Amending Amending Scheme "), Amending certain terms and
provisions of of the scheme of ARRANGEMENT dated dated 20 November November 1996
which became effective effective o?

8?û ??? ?û?97 between between the Companies and Their Scheme Creditors (the
"Original Scheme"). The Court has ordered that each Company should convene three
meetings of Scheme Creditors to vote on their respective Amending Scheme as
follows: (a) for Scheme Creditors who are Policyholders (other than Qualifying
ILU Policyholders) with IBNR Liabilities and and Notified Outstanding
Outstanding Liabilities; Liabilities; (b) for Scheme Creditors who are
Policyholders (other than Qualifying ILU Policyholders) with Scheme Liabilities
(other than IBNR Liabilities Liabilities and and Notified Outstanding
Outstanding Liabilities), Dual Scheme Creditors and Ordinary Creditors; and (c)
for Scheme Creditors who are Qualifying ILU Policyholders, (the terms
"Policyholders", "Qualifying ILU Policyholders", "IBNR Liabilities", "Notified
Outstanding Policyholders Outstanding Liabilities ", "Scheme Scheme Liabilities
Policyholders Liabilities ", "Dual Dual Scheme Creditors", "Pre-1969 L&O
Policyholders ", "Ordinary Creditors" each being as more particularly described
in the Amending Amending Explanatory Explanatory Statement referred to below).

below). Depending on the type of its claim(s), a Scheme Creditor maybe entitled
to attend and vote at more than one of the Amending SchemeMeetings. All Scheme
Creditors arerequested to attend the relevant Amending Scheme Meeting(s) at such
time and place either either in person or by proxy.

Each Scheme Scheme Creditor Creditor will be be required to register its
attendance attendance at the Amending SchemeMeetings.

Registration will commence at 9.30am and Scheme Creditors Creditors are
requested requested to arrive no later later than 10.00am inorder to register.

The Chairman of the Amending Scheme Meetings will address Scheme Creditors
generally on the AmendingScheme Scheme and and on issues relevant relevant to
voting on the Amending Scheme at the commencement of the Amending
SchemeMeetings.

Scheme Creditors may attend and vote in person (or, if a corporation, by a duly
authorised representative) at the relevant Amending Amending Scheme Meeting(s).
Alternatively they may appoint another person, whether a Scheme Creditor or not,
as their their proxy to attend attend and and vote in their place.

place. Copies of the proposed Amending Scheme, the explanatory Statement
required to be provided provided pursuant to section 897 of the Companies Act
2006 (the "Amending Amending Explanatory Explanatory Statement") and The voting
andproxy forms forms for use at the Amending Scheme Meetings (each a "Voting
Form" and together, together, the "Voting Forms") can be be downloaded
downloaded from www.oicrun-offltd.com.

www.oicrun-offltd.com.

Alternatively, Alternatively, hard copies can be obtained, free of charge, by
sending a request to the RUN-OFF RUN-OFF manager of the Companies,
Armour'skManagement LimitedLimited ("Armour") marked forthe the attention of
Andrew Andrew Jones. Armour's contact details are as follows: By post:
Armour'skManagement Limited, 4th Floor, 20 Old Broad Street, London, EC2N 1DP
United Kingdom By email: Oicclosurehelpdesk@armourrisk.com By fax: +44 (0) 20
7382 2001 By phone: +44 (0) 20 7382 2020 Scheme Creditors arerequested to return
their completed and signed Voting Forms to Armour by post, email or fax at the
above contact details details by by noon (English (English time) on 10 December
December 2014. Alternatively Scheme Creditors may hand hand Theirtheirrespective
Voting Forms in at the registration desk prior to the Amending Scheme Meetings
if if attending attending in person or by proxy.

However Scheme Scheme Creditors Creditors are urged to return the the completed
completed Voting Forms in advance of the Amending Scheme Meetings.

Any Voting Formsent by fax fax or by email will not be accepted accepted unless
unless legible and and The the signed signed Original Original Voting Form is
subsequently received by Armour (markeddfor forthe the attention of of Andrew
Andrew Jones) no later than than 7 days subsequently after after the Amending
SchemeMeetings. bythe said order, the Court has appointed Dan Schwarzmann or,
failing him, Paul Evans or such other independent independent person as the
Scheme Administrators of the Companies may nominate, to act as Chairman of the
Amending Scheme Meetings and has has directed the the Chairman to report the
results of theAmending Amending SchemeMeetings to the Court.

Any Scheme Creditor who is unclear about or has any question concerning the
action it is required to take inorder to vote on the Amending Scheme or who who
would would like to discuss discuss the way in which its claims data islikely
likely to be be evaluated under the Amending Scheme process, should contact
Armour'sing the contact details set out above.

above. If approved bythe requisite majorities of Scheme Creditors, the Amending
Scheme will bebesubject subject to the the subsequent subsequent approval
approval of the Court. Dated: 8 October 2014 Hogan Lovells International LLP,
Atlantic House, 50 Holborn Viaduct, London, EC1A 2FG United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)
20 7296 2000 Fax: +44 (0) 20 7296 2001 www.hoganlovells.com Ref: Joe
Bannister/Will Beck Solicitors to the Scheme Administrators

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2014 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

102 housing schemes declared illegal

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 86

LENGTH: 492  words


City District Government and Lahore Development Authority have declared 102
private housing schemes illegal because no formal approval for them has been
obtained from CDG and LDA. A spokesman of LDA said such information have been
released in order to inform the general public, prospective buyers and the
investors. People have been advised, in their own interest, to refrain from
purchasing plots in these schemes and verify the legal status of these schemes
from LDA before making any investment or transaction. LDA shall not be
responsible in case of any loss in this regard.

The 52 illegal schemes of LDA include Al-Rahim Gardens, Ashrafi Town, Bahria
Town Phase-II, Barkat Town, Brunai Town, Chirag Gardens, Dream Gardens, Farid
Town, Farid Town, Fateh Villas, Firdous Colony, Gangwa Town, Grand Avenue
Housing Scheme, Greater Town,Green Cap Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme, Jamia Muhammadabad Society
(Only Boundary Wall), Jannat Colony, Jannat Gardens, Khayaban-e-Iqbal Town,
Lahore Park View, Libya Town, Malik Park, Muqaddas Colony, Sh. Abdullah Town
(Only Boundary Wall), Sh. Saleem Town, Shafiq Khokar Town (Only Boundary Wall),
Vital Homes Housing Scheme, WAPDA Farm House Town Phase-I &II.

WAPDA Finance Farm Houses, WAPDA Finance Officers Housing Society, Subhan
Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Walk Land,
Akhtarabad Housing Scheme, Johar Villas , Islam Park, Rehman Park, Ali Homes,
Hajveri Town Housing Scheme, Madina Town Housing Scheme, Sher Shah Colony
Housing Scheme, Shalimar Town Housing Scheme, Mehboob Garden Housing Scheme,
Tayyab Town Housing Scheme, Sheraz Town Housing Scheme, Koh-e: Noor Housing
Scheme and Al: Hijaz Cooperative Housing Society.Meanwhile, DCO Noorul Amin
Mengal declared 50 unauthorized housing schemes in the jurisdiction of City
District Government as illegal and asked the citizens not to sale and purchase
in these unauthorised housing schemes.

The housing schemes which have been declared as illegal include Rizwan Garden
near Canal, Aziz Garden, Abdullah Garden, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 1,
Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 2, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 3, Al
Rehman Garden, Al Ahmad Garden, Ali Alam Garden Housing Scheme, Al Rehman Garden
main GT Road, Ashraf Garden umar khan road.

Khaiber town Housing Scheme, Tayab Garden, Hanif Garden, Ata Town GT road, Al
Majeed Garden, Tufail Garden, Malik G Garden, Al Karam Garden, Gairizen Garden,
Pzce Wood land Scheme, Canal fort 2, Rehman Garden, Amna Park, AL Hafiz Town,
Kaberia Town, Rana Town, Saif Town, Sarver Town, Sultan Town, Tahir Town, Waris
colony, Kazi Town, Mehboob Town, Rasool park, Taj Bag, Hajweri Town, New canal
Park, Aamir Town, Canal Point Scheme, canal Bank Scheme, nazeer Garden, Gairizen
Scheme, Mian Ameer ud din Scheme, New Shalimar housing Scheme, Mehar Fiaz
Colony, Doctor Society, Al Hamd Town, Habib Park and Jamil Town.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

102 housing schemes declared illegal

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 86

LENGTH: 492  words


City District Government and Lahore Development Authority have declared 102
private housing schemes illegal because no formal approval for them has been
obtained from CDG and LDA. A spokesman of LDA said such information have been
released in order to inform the general public, prospective buyers and the
investors. People have been advised, in their own interest, to refrain from
purchasing plots in these schemes and verify the legal status of these schemes
from LDA before making any investment or transaction. LDA shall not be
responsible in case of any loss in this regard.

The 52 illegal schemes of LDA include Al-Rahim Gardens, Ashrafi Town, Bahria
Town Phase-II, Barkat Town, Brunai Town, Chirag Gardens, Dream Gardens, Farid
Town, Farid Town, Fateh Villas, Firdous Colony, Gangwa Town, Grand Avenue
Housing Scheme, Greater Town,Green Cap Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme, Jamia Muhammadabad Society
(Only Boundary Wall), Jannat Colony, Jannat Gardens, Khayaban-e-Iqbal Town,
Lahore Park View, Libya Town, Malik Park, Muqaddas Colony, Sh. Abdullah Town
(Only Boundary Wall), Sh. Saleem Town, Shafiq Khokar Town (Only Boundary Wall),
Vital Homes Housing Scheme, WAPDA Farm House Town Phase-I &II.

WAPDA Finance Farm Houses, WAPDA Finance Officers Housing Society, Subhan
Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Walk Land,
Akhtarabad Housing Scheme, Johar Villas , Islam Park, Rehman Park, Ali Homes,
Hajveri Town Housing Scheme, Madina Town Housing Scheme, Sher Shah Colony
Housing Scheme, Shalimar Town Housing Scheme, Mehboob Garden Housing Scheme,
Tayyab Town Housing Scheme, Sheraz Town Housing Scheme, Koh-e: Noor Housing
Scheme and Al: Hijaz Cooperative Housing Society.Meanwhile, DCO Noorul Amin
Mengal declared 50 unauthorized housing schemes in the jurisdiction of City
District Government as illegal and asked the citizens not to sale and purchase
in these unauthorised housing schemes.

The housing schemes which have been declared as illegal include Rizwan Garden
near Canal, Aziz Garden, Abdullah Garden, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 1,
Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 2, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 3, Al
Rehman Garden, Al Ahmad Garden, Ali Alam Garden Housing Scheme, Al Rehman Garden
main GT Road, Ashraf Garden umar khan road.

Khaiber town Housing Scheme, Tayab Garden, Hanif Garden, Ata Town GT road, Al
Majeed Garden, Tufail Garden, Malik G Garden, Al Karam Garden, Gairizen Garden,
Pzce Wood land Scheme, Canal fort 2, Rehman Garden, Amna Park, AL Hafiz Town,
Kaberia Town, Rana Town, Saif Town, Sarver Town, Sultan Town, Tahir Town, Waris
colony, Kazi Town, Mehboob Town, Rasool park, Taj Bag, Hajweri Town, New canal
Park, Aamir Town, Canal Point Scheme, canal Bank Scheme, nazeer Garden, Gairizen
Scheme, Mian Ameer ud din Scheme, New Shalimar housing Scheme, Mehar Fiaz
Colony, Doctor Society, Al Hamd Town, Habib Park and Jamil Town.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

102 housing schemes declared illegal

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 86

LENGTH: 492  words


City District Government and Lahore Development Authority have declared 102
private housing schemes illegal because no formal approval for them has been
obtained from CDG and LDA. A spokesman of LDA said such information have been
released in order to inform the general public, prospective buyers and the
investors. People have been advised, in their own interest, to refrain from
purchasing plots in these schemes and verify the legal status of these schemes
from LDA before making any investment or transaction. LDA shall not be
responsible in case of any loss in this regard.

The 52 illegal schemes of LDA include Al-Rahim Gardens, Ashrafi Town, Bahria
Town Phase-II, Barkat Town, Brunai Town, Chirag Gardens, Dream Gardens, Farid
Town, Farid Town, Fateh Villas, Firdous Colony, Gangwa Town, Grand Avenue
Housing Scheme, Greater Town,Green Cap Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme, Jamia Muhammadabad Society
(Only Boundary Wall), Jannat Colony, Jannat Gardens, Khayaban-e-Iqbal Town,
Lahore Park View, Libya Town, Malik Park, Muqaddas Colony, Sh. Abdullah Town
(Only Boundary Wall), Sh. Saleem Town, Shafiq Khokar Town (Only Boundary Wall),
Vital Homes Housing Scheme, WAPDA Farm House Town Phase-I &II.

WAPDA Finance Farm Houses, WAPDA Finance Officers Housing Society, Subhan
Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Walk Land,
Akhtarabad Housing Scheme, Johar Villas , Islam Park, Rehman Park, Ali Homes,
Hajveri Town Housing Scheme, Madina Town Housing Scheme, Sher Shah Colony
Housing Scheme, Shalimar Town Housing Scheme, Mehboob Garden Housing Scheme,
Tayyab Town Housing Scheme, Sheraz Town Housing Scheme, Koh-e: Noor Housing
Scheme and Al: Hijaz Cooperative Housing Society.Meanwhile, DCO Noorul Amin
Mengal declared 50 unauthorized housing schemes in the jurisdiction of City
District Government as illegal and asked the citizens not to sale and purchase
in these unauthorised housing schemes.

The housing schemes which have been declared as illegal include Rizwan Garden
near Canal, Aziz Garden, Abdullah Garden, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 1,
Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 2, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 3, Al
Rehman Garden, Al Ahmad Garden, Ali Alam Garden Housing Scheme, Al Rehman Garden
main GT Road, Ashraf Garden umar khan road.

Khaiber town Housing Scheme, Tayab Garden, Hanif Garden, Ata Town GT road, Al
Majeed Garden, Tufail Garden, Malik G Garden, Al Karam Garden, Gairizen Garden,
Pzce Wood land Scheme, Canal fort 2, Rehman Garden, Amna Park, AL Hafiz Town,
Kaberia Town, Rana Town, Saif Town, Sarver Town, Sultan Town, Tahir Town, Waris
colony, Kazi Town, Mehboob Town, Rasool park, Taj Bag, Hajweri Town, New canal
Park, Aamir Town, Canal Point Scheme, canal Bank Scheme, nazeer Garden, Gairizen
Scheme, Mian Ameer ud din Scheme, New Shalimar housing Scheme, Mehar Fiaz
Colony, Doctor Society, Al Hamd Town, Habib Park and Jamil Town.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

102 housing schemes declared illegal

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 86

LENGTH: 492  words


City District Government and Lahore Development Authority have declared 102
private housing schemes illegal because no formal approval for them has been
obtained from CDG and LDA. A spokesman of LDA said such information have been
released in order to inform the general public, prospective buyers and the
investors. People have been advised, in their own interest, to refrain from
purchasing plots in these schemes and verify the legal status of these schemes
from LDA before making any investment or transaction. LDA shall not be
responsible in case of any loss in this regard.

The 52 illegal schemes of LDA include Al-Rahim Gardens, Ashrafi Town, Bahria
Town Phase-II, Barkat Town, Brunai Town, Chirag Gardens, Dream Gardens, Farid
Town, Farid Town, Fateh Villas, Firdous Colony, Gangwa Town, Grand Avenue
Housing Scheme, Greater Town,Green Cap Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme, Jamia Muhammadabad Society
(Only Boundary Wall), Jannat Colony, Jannat Gardens, Khayaban-e-Iqbal Town,
Lahore Park View, Libya Town, Malik Park, Muqaddas Colony, Sh. Abdullah Town
(Only Boundary Wall), Sh. Saleem Town, Shafiq Khokar Town (Only Boundary Wall),
Vital Homes Housing Scheme, WAPDA Farm House Town Phase-I &II.

WAPDA Finance Farm Houses, WAPDA Finance Officers Housing Society, Subhan
Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Walk Land,
Akhtarabad Housing Scheme, Johar Villas , Islam Park, Rehman Park, Ali Homes,
Hajveri Town Housing Scheme, Madina Town Housing Scheme, Sher Shah Colony
Housing Scheme, Shalimar Town Housing Scheme, Mehboob Garden Housing Scheme,
Tayyab Town Housing Scheme, Sheraz Town Housing Scheme, Koh-e: Noor Housing
Scheme and Al: Hijaz Cooperative Housing Society.Meanwhile, DCO Noorul Amin
Mengal declared 50 unauthorized housing schemes in the jurisdiction of City
District Government as illegal and asked the citizens not to sale and purchase
in these unauthorised housing schemes.

The housing schemes which have been declared as illegal include Rizwan Garden
near Canal, Aziz Garden, Abdullah Garden, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 1,
Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 2, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme phase 3, Al
Rehman Garden, Al Ahmad Garden, Ali Alam Garden Housing Scheme, Al Rehman Garden
main GT Road, Ashraf Garden umar khan road.

Khaiber town Housing Scheme, Tayab Garden, Hanif Garden, Ata Town GT road, Al
Majeed Garden, Tufail Garden, Malik G Garden, Al Karam Garden, Gairizen Garden,
Pzce Wood land Scheme, Canal fort 2, Rehman Garden, Amna Park, AL Hafiz Town,
Kaberia Town, Rana Town, Saif Town, Sarver Town, Sultan Town, Tahir Town, Waris
colony, Kazi Town, Mehboob Town, Rasool park, Taj Bag, Hajweri Town, New canal
Park, Aamir Town, Canal Point Scheme, canal Bank Scheme, nazeer Garden, Gairizen
Scheme, Mian Ameer ud din Scheme, New Shalimar housing Scheme, Mehar Fiaz
Colony, Doctor Society, Al Hamd Town, Habib Park and Jamil Town.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: LDA to take over private housing schemes for development

LENGTH: 252 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Feb. 23 -- The Lahore Development Authority has

started action to take over possession of mortgaged plots in

21 private housing schemes in the city to initiate delayed

development works.

The LDA will subsequently sell thees plots through an open

auction for executing development works as their developers

had failed to complete development works

in these colonies despite lapse of specified period

given to them for this purpose.

According to the LDA sources, the LDA has intimated the

public and developers of these schemes to file their

respective objections in this regard. It has also asked

them to intimate if they have any transaction of plots

in these schemes. The objections must

reach in the office of the Director Metropolitan Planning,

LDA within fifteen days.

These schemes include Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab

Cooperative Housing Scheme Phase-I, Al- Assar Housing Scheme,

Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram Housing Scheme,

Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town Housing

Scheme, Fazal Elahi/ Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah

Housing Scheme, Green Valley Housing scheme, Hyde Park Housing

Scheme, Kake Zai Housing Scheme Ph-II, Khurram Town Housing

Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF Farm Housing Scheme,

Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme Foundation, Rehman

Abad Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme (North), Saman

Zar Housing Scheme, Sunny Park (Ext) Sunny Garden Housing

Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon Housing Scheme Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                             March 31, 2017 Friday

Dangers of Ponzi investment schemes - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 1181  words


At a recent workshop to commemorate International Consumer Rights Day, there
were concerns that a number of people were falling prey to bogus investments and
that banks and the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) may not be doing enough to
warn people. We reproduce the column we published last year on fraudulent
schemes.

BY CLIVE MPHAMBELA

Recently, there was a resurgence of fraudulent investment schemes in the country
and many people lost their hard-earned savings. RBZ issued warning notices and
this was a welcome move. For the victims however, the warnings came too late and
sadly a number of people were no longer able to recover their money. Fraudulent
schemes come in various forms, the most common being pyramid schemes and Ponzi
schemes. Ponzi schemes are actually more common that people sometimes realise.
Criminals continue to devise clever disguises for these scams, but let us take a
look at what they are and how they work.

Characteristics of a typical Ponzi scheme

A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment operation in which the operators, an
individual or organisation, pays out returns to earlier investors from new
capital paid into the scheme by new investors, rather than from profit earned
through bonafide business sources.
Operators of Ponzi schemes usually entice new investors by offering much higher
returns than other similar investments. In general, the returns offered are
usually abnormally high over short-terms and abnormally or unusually consistent
over the long term. Ponzi scheme returns also generally defy other underlying
economic fundamentals, such as recessions or economic downturns.

Whilst pyramid schemes can be easily disguised as multi level or network
marketing business ventures, a number of seemingly legitimate investment
vehicles or strategies, it is very easy for such investment ventures to also
become the backbone of Ponzi schemes.

Initially, the Ponzi schemes will pay out very high returns to attract more and
more investors, and to lure the current investors into putting in additional
money into the scheme. Other new investors will begin to participate, attracted
by high returns leading to a "cascade effect". The "investment returns" to the
initial investors are paid out of the new investments made by new entrants, and
not out of the profits of the underlying investment business.

Often the high returns offered will encourage investors to leave their money in
the Ponzi scheme, with the result that the promoters do not have to pay out very
much to their investors. The scammers simply send regular statements to their
victims, showing them on paper, how much they have earned in interest or capital
gains. This sustains the deception that the Ponzi scheme is an investment
offering high returns.

Ponzi scheme promoters will also actively try to minimise withdrawals by
offering new investment products to investors, often leading them to investments
where their money is "frozen" for a longer periods of time, in exchange for even
higher returns. Under such a scenario the promoters reduce cash outflows and
enjoy new cash inflows as investors are told that they cannot transfer their
money from the first scheme to the second scheme and so forth. Ponzi schemes
also cleverly create an illusion of liquidity by maintaining credibility with
investors. If an investor wishes to withdraw their money in accordance with the
terms of the scheme, the withdrawal requests are usually very promptly
processed, giving the illusion to all other investors that the fund is very
liquid and in fact solvent when this is far from the truth.

Ponzi schemes will eventually collapse

Ponzi schemes typically collapse when some external market forces, such as a
sharp decline in the economy, a change in regulations, or some other event cause
many investors to simultaneously withdraw part or all of their funds from the
scheme. Since the scheme requires a continual stream of new investments to fund
higher return of past investors, once these investments slow down for any
reason, the scheme soon collapses as the Ponzi promoter will start encountering
problems in paying the promised dividends to investors. The higher the returns
promised, the greater the risk of the Ponzi scheme collapsing. Such liquidity
crises often trigger panics, as more people start asking for their money.

Some similarities and differences between Pyramid schemes and Ponzi schemes

Whilst pyramid schemes as a form of fraud are very similar in some ways to Ponzi
schemes, because both types of financial fraud rely heavily on a mistaken belief
by gullible "investors" in a nonexistent financial reality, which includes the
hope of extremely quick and high rates of return. The underlying tenet why both
schemes work is because humans are inherently greedy. They both thrive on a
concept in behavioral finance called "the greater fool theory". However, several
characteristics distinguish pyramid schemes from Ponzi schemes.

In a Ponzi scheme, the scamsters act as a central "hub" and interact directly
and actively with all the victims. In a pyramid scheme however, the recruiter
benefits directly from his or her recruits. Each higher level of beneficiaries
in the pyramid hierarchy reaps directly from those that join or are recruited
after the. It is for this reason that pyramid schemes collapse quickly as the
failure to recruit new participants typically means that you will not get an
investment return.

In a Ponzi scheme, the organizers recruit victims directly and usually
discretely. The Ponzi investment scheme typically claims to rely on some
esoteric investment approach, some unique ability or access to an unverified
investment strategy that yields supernormal returns and often attracts very
well-to-do investors. Pyramid schemes on the other hand explicitly claim that
new money from new recruits will be paid to earlier recruits who rank higher in
the "food chain". A Ponzi scheme organiser will carefully and discretely pay out
capital and returns from older investors with capital contributions from new
investors.

A pyramid scheme therefore typically collapses much faster because it requires
an exponential increase in new participants to sustain it. By contrast, Ponzi
schemes can survive simply by persuading some of the existing participants to
reinvest their money, and can run for long periods with a relatively small
number of new participants.

How can you protect yourself from Pyramid and Ponzi schemes?

The first thing one must do in order not to fall victim to pyramid schemes and
similar types of financial scams, is to check facts with an independent person.
Your banker or financial advisor, for example, maybe able to tell you a typical
Ponzi or pyramid arrangement. Don't fall prey, smarten up.

Clive Mphambela is a Banker. He writes in his capacity as Advocacy Officer for
the Bankers Association of Zimbabwe. BAZ expressly invites stakeholders to give
their valuable comments and feedback related to this article to him on
clive@baz.org.zw or on numbers 04-744686, 0772206913

http://imgs.syndigate.info/385/1279/50/149094138024.gif

PONZI-SCHEME

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2017 NewsDay
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                   Hindustan

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Preparations to reduce center sponsored schemes

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, Aug. 4 -- The central government has accepted the key recommendations
that have been given by the sub group of chief ministers for the rationalization
of center sponsored schemes. Chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a seal was
cast on several recommendations including reducing the number of centrally
sponsored schemes to below 30 and division of schemes into three categories.

After reviewing 66 schemes, the sub group had stated that the number of these
schemes should not be above 30. Apart from the states that were involved in the
sub group, in depth deliberation was carried out with other states and centrally
governed states in connection with this. Under the schemes, the cabinet has also
taken the decision to increase the limit of flexi fund to 25 percent from 10
percent. This will help states to achieve their set target. The central
government believes that rationalization of center sponsored plans will ensure
appropriate and better use of the available resources. This will ensure that the
benefit of schemes will reach the correct people.

Decision taken on these recommendations: The existing schemes should be divided
into core and optional plans. The core schemes will be further divided into two
more categories. In these schemes, the center and the states will work in unison
with the sentiment of Team India under the agenda of national development.

Core schemes will have such schemes which are related to social conservation and
the weaker sections of society. States will have freedom to bring optional
schemes to fruition. States will take decisions on introducing these schemes
according to the needs of their land. The finance ministry will allot a one time
fund to states for such schemes.

Adjustment of schemes: In an adjustment of various schemes, several related
schemes will be grouped together under an umbrella scheme. A total of 28 schemes
have been kept in centrally sponsored schemes.

Under national development agenda, six schemes including MNREGA, National Social
Aid Program, umbrella scheme for the development of the scheduled castes,
umbrella scheme for scheduled tribes, umbrella scheme for the development of
minorities, backward classes, and umbrella scheme for the development of
handicapped and neglected groups have been included in the core of core schemes
category, whereas there will be 19 schemes in the core category.

Reference: Original article of this translated version is available at
http://paper.hindustantimes.com/epaper/viewer.aspx; Delhi edition; pg 14

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Hindustan. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Hindustan Media Ventures Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

in the HIGH Court of Justice;
Public Notices

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 1131 words


in the HIGH Court of Justice (IN ENGLAND AND WALES) Claim Nos. 5812 and 5813 of
2014 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT IN THE MATTERS OF OIC RUN-OFF LIMITED
(formerly Ralli Brothers Insurance Company Limited Limited and The Orion
Insurance Company Company plc) plc) -and -THE LONDON AND OVERSEAS INSURANCE
COMPANY LIMITED (formerly Hull Underwriters' Association Limited and The London
and Overseas Insurance Company plc) (both subject to a scheme of arrangement)
-and -IN THE MATTER OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 PROPOSED AMENDING SCHEME OF
ARRANGEMENT NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, by an order dated 8 October 2014 made
in the above matters, theHigh Court of Justice of England and Wales (the
"Court") has directed that meetings (the "Amending Scheme Meetings Meetings ")
be convened of the Scheme Creditors Creditors (as defined in the Original
SchemeSchemereferred referred to below) of the above Companies (the "Companies")
at 10.30am (English time), on 11 December 2014 " PricewaterhouseCoopers
Companies LLP, 1 Embankment Embankment Place, Place, London, WC2N 6RH, United
Kingdom forthe the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving (with
or without modification) modification) the Amending Amending scheme of of
ARRANGEMENT proposed proposed to be be made made between the Companies and Their
their respective SchemeCreditors Creditors pursuant to Part 26 of the Companies
Act 2006 (the "Amending Amending Scheme "), Amending certain te's and provisions
of of the scheme of ARRANGEMENT dated dated 20 November November 1996 which
became effective effective o?

8?û ??? ?û?97 between between the Companies and Their Scheme Creditors (the
"Original Scheme"). The Court has ordered that each Company should convene three
meetings of Scheme Creditors to vote on their respective Amending Scheme as
follows: (a) for Scheme Creditors who are Policyholders (other than Qualifying
ILU Policyholders) with IBNR Liabilities and and Notified Outstanding
Outstanding Liabilities; Liabilities; (b) for Scheme Creditors who are
Policyholders (other than Qualifying ILU Policyholders) with Scheme Liabilities
(other than IBNR Liabilities Liabilities and and Notified Outstanding
Outstanding Liabilities), Dual Scheme Creditors and Ordinary Creditors; and (c)
for Scheme Creditors who are Qualifying ILU Policyholders, (the terms
"Policyholders", "Qualifying ILU Policyholders", "IBNR Liabilities", "Notified
Outstanding Policyholders Outstanding Liabilities ", "Scheme Scheme Liabilities
Policyholders Liabilities ", "Dual Dual Scheme Creditors", "Pre-1969 L&O
Policyholders ", "Ordinary Creditors" each being as more particularly described
in the Amending Amending Explanatory Explanatory Statement referred to below).

below). Depending on the type of its claim(s), a Scheme Creditor maybe entitled
to attend and vote at more than one of the Amending SchemeMeetings. All Scheme
Creditors arerequested to attend the relevant Amending Scheme Meeting(s) at such
time and place either either in person or by proxy.

Each Scheme Scheme Creditor Creditor will be be required to register its
attendance attendance at the Amending SchemeMeetings.

Registration will commence at 9.30am and Scheme Creditors Creditors are
requested requested to arrive no later later than 10.00am inorder to register.

The Chairman of the Amending Scheme Meetings will address Scheme Creditors
generally on the AmendingScheme Scheme and and on issues relevant relevant to
voting on the Amending Scheme at the commencement of the Amending
SchemeMeetings.

Scheme Creditors may attend and vote in person (or, if a corporation, by a duly
authorised representative) at the relevant Amending Amending Scheme Meeting(s).
Alternatively they may appoint another person, whether a Scheme Creditor or not,
as their their proxy to attend attend and and vote in their place.

place. Copies of the proposed Amending Scheme, the explanatory Statement
required to be provided provided pursuant to section 897 of the Companies Act
2006 (the "Amending Amending Explanatory Explanatory Statement") and The voting
andproxy forms forms for use at the Amending Scheme Meetings (each a "Voting
Form" and together, together, the "Voting Forms") can be be downloaded
downloaded from www.oicrun-offltd.com.

www.oicrun-offltd.com.

Alternatively, Alternatively, hard copies can be obtained, free of charge, by
sending a request to the RUN-OFF RUN-OFF manager of the Companies,
Armour'skManagement LimitedLimited ("Armour") marked forthe the attention of
Andrew Andrew Jones. Armour's contact details are as follows: By post:
Armour'skManagement Limited, 4th Floor, 20 Old Broad Street, London, EC2N 1DP
United Kingdom By email: Oicclosurehelpdesk@armourrisk.com By fax: +44 (0) 20
7382 2001 By phone: +44 (0) 20 7382 2020 Scheme Creditors arerequested to return
their completed and signed Voting Forms to Armour by post, email or fax at the
above contact details details by by noon (English (English time) on 10 December
December 2014. Alternatively Scheme Creditors may hand hand Theirtheirrespective
Voting Forms in at the registration desk prior to the Amending Scheme Meetings
if if attending attending in person or by proxy.

However Scheme Scheme Creditors Creditors are urged to return the the completed
completed Voting Forms in advance of the Amending Scheme Meetings.

Any Voting Formsent by fax fax or by email will not be accepted accepted unless
unless legible and and The the signed signed Original Original Voting Form is
subsequently received by Armour (markeddfor forthe the attention of of Andrew
Andrew Jones) no later than than 7 days subsequently after after the Amending
SchemeMeetings. bythe said order, the Court has appointed Dan Schwarzmann or,
failing him, Paul Evans or such other independent independent person as the
Scheme Administrators of the Companies may nominate, to act as Chairman of the
Amending Scheme Meetings and has has directed the the Chairman to report the
results of theAmending Amending SchemeMeetings to the Court.

Any Scheme Creditor who is unclear about or has any question concerning the
action it is required to take inorder to vote on the Amending Scheme or who who
would would like to discuss discuss the way in which its claims data islikely
likely to be be evaluated under the Amending Scheme process, should contact
Armour'sing the contact details set out above.

above. If approved bythe requisite majorities of Scheme Creditors, the Amending
Scheme will bebesubject subject to the the subsequent subsequent approval
approval of the Court. Dated: 8 October 2014 Hogan Lovells International LLP,
Atlantic House, 50 Holborn Viaduct, London, EC1A 2FG United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)
20 7296 2000 Fax: +44 (0) 20 7296 2001 www.hoganlovells.com Ref: Joe
Bannister/Will Beck Solicitors to the Scheme Administrators

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2014 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               November 14, 2005
                               Law Review Edition

Hard look at empowerment models

BYLINE: Kevin Lester

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1015  words


Hard look at empowerment models

FAR too often, when providing advice on empowerment to clients we are confronted
by the perception that broad-based ownership schemes, such as employee share
schemes and community or social investment trusts, are a pushover victory for
companies seeking compliance with black economic empowerment.

That perception is based upon the assumption that the models for broad-based
ownership schemes that have abounded in the past decade are fully compliant with
the requirements of the codes of good practice issued under the Broad-Based
Black Economic Empowerment Act.

This is simply not the case, and businesses that base any part of their
ownership on broad-based ownership schemes would be well advised to seek
professional advice as to whether those schemes will enjoy recognition under the
codes.

The June 2005 incarnation of statement 100 of the codes recognises broad-based
ownership schemes as qualifying as ordinary ownership, but also as qualifying
for bonus points, provided that those schemes are compliant with the
requirements of the codes. The first, and by far the most important requirements
for recognition, apply both to the award of ordinary ownership points as well as
bonus points. Those requirements are summarised as follows:

Broad-based ownership schemes should vest entitlement to participate in the
financial gains arising from ownership in the hands of the beneficiaries;

When they do not do so there should be no discretion as to the identity of the
beneficiaries or the proportions of such financial gains to which they will be
entitled;

Any accumulated income of the scheme, after settling any debt incurred in the
acquisition of shareholding, must be distributed to the beneficiaries upon
winding up of the scheme, and a reversion of such accumulated income to the
donor disqualifies all recognition; and

Beneficiaries must participate to the fullest extent permissible by law in the
appointment of the scheme fiduciaries.

For those businesses that have structured their broad-based schemes on the basis
of a discretionary trust, the implications are far-reaching. Significant
restructuring of those discretionary schemes is a sine qua non for any
recognition whatsoever. Indeed, recognition of black ownership arising through
family trusts will be subject to the very same requirements, suggesting that the
next 12 months will herald restructuring of trusts and broad-based ownership
schemes.

In the realm of bonus points, the qualification criteria for broad-based
ownership schemes become significantly greater. There is a long-standing
paternalism that infuses many businesses' understanding of their obligations
towards broad-based ownership schemes. Often the trustees of those schemes
manage the affairs of the scheme with little or no input from the beneficiaries
and, more often than not, the only interaction between beneficiaries and scheme
management after establishment is the receipt of a cheque by beneficiaries once
a year (if ever).

It has been suggested that the codes will now contain significant transparency
obligations in respect of broad-based ownership schemes that will require:

Decision-making participation by, and disclosure obligations to, beneficiaries
of the scheme at a level comparable to that applicable to shareholders in a
private company;

Education and accessibility programmes aimed at ensuring beneficiaries
understand the nature of their participation and the rules of scheme; and

The appointment of an independent financial adviser to the board of the scheme
by the beneficiaries.

Broad-based ownership schemes will require active management and participation
on a sustained basis. These schemes cannot simply be filed away once the points
have been awarded, and businesses will have to ensure that schemes are and
remain compliant to avoid non-recognition, or worse still, allegations of
fronting practices and circumvention.

One remaining issue requiring clarification is the distinction between the
broad-based employee share plans as contemplated in section 8B of the Income Tax
Act 1962, and broad-based ownership schemes. The 8B structures are intended to
permit employees to acquire shares from the company in their own name. The
broad-based ownership schemes contemplate the retention of ownership by the
scheme on the basis that the beneficiaries share in the proceeds of that
ownership.

This does not imply however that section 8B structures are not recognised by the
codes, or that black ownership arising from section 8B schemes will fail to
qualify for bonus points under statement 100.

Indeed, it should be assumed that most beneficiaries of section 8B schemes will
qualify as new entrants as contemplated in the codes. For every percentage of
shareholding by black people facilitated through a section 8B scheme, ordinary
ownership points will be awarded as per statement 100, and to the extent that
those shareholders are also new entrants, bonus points will be awarded.

However, a section 8B scheme in which ownership has already passed to employees
will not qualify as a broad-based ownership scheme. There is however a case to
be made that while a trust holds shares in a section 8B scheme (that is prior to
disposal of the shares to the employee beneficiaries), that scheme could qualify
as a broad-based ownership scheme provided that it meets the other requirements
of statement 100. This would be a significant gain, as it would permit
recognition of black ownership in the scheme even before shares were transferred
to black employees.

Broad-based ownership schemes are an area of significant regulation, and
businesses should think twice about implementing such schemes if quick gains are
the objective.

However, any company seeking to implement a genuine broad-based ownership scheme
compliant with the codes, or seeking to restructure an existing scheme to
achieve compliance, must be assured that despite the complexity involved, such
schemes offer unique opportunities for recognition, not to mention the moral and
social justice imperative innate in such arrangements.

Cliffe Dekker

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Schemes for youth have no takers

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 461 words


PANAJI: The department of industries, trade and commerce is intrigued by the
poor response to its schemes that aim to support and encourage entrepreneurship
among youth in the state.

Except for the chief minister's rojgar yojna, the other 15 schemes that the
department offers have either few or no takers at all.

Most of the schemes came to be introduced in 2008, however, what's appalling is
that the department has received not even one application for some of its
schemes.

Schemes like preferential purchase incentives for micro and small enterprises
scheme, 2008, Goa state investment subsidy for bio tech units, 2009, interest
subsidy scheme for bio-tech units, 2009, Goa state employment scheme for bio
tech units, 2007, interest subsidy scheme, and incentives for micro, small, and
medium enterprises to obtain credit rating scheme, 2010, exist only in name.

The scheme, incentives to women entrepreneurs 2008 launched for the benefit of
units which are set-up by women entrepreneurs has also remained unutilized. The
scheme was in force till 2011 and not a single woman entrepreneur applied for
this scheme.

An industries department officer said it's not that the department has rejected
applications but that nobody appears to be interested in their schemes. Efforts
to popularize schemes by conducting melas at various industrial estates have
also not yielded any results.

"We hardly receive applications despite our efforts to popularize them," the
official said. The response to other schemes is nothing great. The industries
department's expenditure in terms of aids to businesses towards capital
contribution scheme, 2008 so far has been 50 lakh whereas in the case of the Goa
state export market development scheme, 2008 it's been only 10 lakh.

Schemes like the Goa state financial incentives to the industries for
certification and patenting scheme, 2008, Goa state employment subsidy scheme
for industries 2008 had some takers but the response was never anywhere near
overwhelming.

"The department's negligible expenditure toward its schemes indicate that a very
few availed benefits of the schemes," the official said.

"The schemes will be re-structured in the investment policy which is under
preparation," he added.

The scheme share capital to local entrepreneurs and self employed scheme, 2008
which is also called chief minister's rojgar yojna, has been relatively well
accepted, yet fund allocation for the scheme has remained under utilized.

Eligible entrepreneurs under this scheme are given aid of 2 lakh subject to the
condition is that it is 50% of the total project cost, whereas the professional
entrepreneurs contribution has been increased up to 3 lakh if the business
activity is linked to its qualification.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: LDA takes control of mortgaged plots

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 21 -- The Lahore Development Authority on Tuesday took over control
of mortgaged plots in 18 private housing schemes in the city after the
developers failed to complete development work even many years after expiry of
the deadline given for the purpose.

The mortgaged plots (a guaranty/security to get development work done by
developers under the law) will now be sold by LDA through an open auction to
complete development work in these residential schemes on its own.

Mortgaged plots are located in Ahbab Cooperative Housing Scheme Phase-I,
Al-Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram Housing Scheme,
Ravians Cooperative Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme, Fazal
Elahi/Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green Valley
Housing Scheme, Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kakezai Housing Scheme Phase-II,
Khurram Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF Farm Housing Scheme,
Punjab Government Servants Cooperative Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme
(North), Sunny Park (Ext)/Sunny Garden Housing Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon
Housing Scheme.

Also, LDA's Metropolitan Planning Wing demolished a road built on the land
reserved for graveyard in Pak Arab Housing Scheme.

The LDA filed an application for registration of an FIR against developers of
the scheme. The officials also excavated the passage that had been illegally
provided earlier by the scheme to Vital Homes, a scheme established without
LDA's approval.

AUCTION: Open bidding for 34 residential and commercial plots in various LDA
owned schemes will be held at LDA Community Centre, 239-A, New Muslim Town on
June 20.

These plots are located in Sabzazar Scheme, Johar Town, Allama Iqbal Town,
Mustafa Town and other LDA housing schemes. Six school sites situated in Eden
Canal Villas, PCSIR Phase-I, Campus View Town, Aabid Town and Engineering
Cooperative Housing Society will also be auctioned off on the occasion.

CATTLE: In an ongoing operation against cattle in the city various town
municipal administrations evicted 27 cattle from the city and took 24 into
custody.

The monitoring teams got six FIRs registered against those violating
government's instructions in this regard.

PROFITEERS: Price control magistrates of the CDGL inspected 237 shops during the
last 24 hours and challaned 49 shopkeepers for selling essential items at higher
rates Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

The financial stability of the scheme

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 733 words


Solvency ratio

Medical schemes are required by law to have an amount of money set aside as
reserves that is equal to or higher than 25 percent of its annual income from
contributions. The percentage of its income it has in reserves is known as its
solvency ratio.

If a scheme does not have the required reserves, it will have to devise a plan
to raise them, which will involve increasing its contributions and/or decreasing
its benefits. This plan must be submitted to the Council for Medical Schemes.

You or your broker should evaluate medical schemes with less than the required
solvency ratio and those with a declining solvency ratio more stringently than
those that meet the required ratios.

If a scheme's membership is growing rapidly, its contribution income will rise
steeply. If the contributions increase without a similar increase in the
reserves, the solvency ratio will decrease. The converse may be true of schemes
that lose members rapidly, unless the remaining members are high claimers (older
and sicker members).

Operating loss/profit

A scheme makes an operating loss if the contributions it collects are less than
what it pays out in claims and costs, such as those for administration.

If a scheme has reserves below those required by law, then an operating loss,
especially a big one, will only exacerbate this situation.

If a scheme has reserves well above the level required by law, it may be
deliberately setting contributions lower than is required to meet the expected
expenses knowing that it will dip into its reserves.

Beware of schemes that have consistently been making operating losses,
especially growing losses, for a few years.

Also check the operating results of each benefit option offered by a scheme -
the figures are reported separately. If a particular option is not doing well,
the scheme's trustees may close the option or implement steep contribution
increases.

Contribution increases

The size of the increases a scheme requires each year in contributions is
another indication of how it is performing financially.

Most schemes' increases are within a fairly narrow range, and a scheme that has
higher-than-average increases may be in financial difficulty.

Schemes that implement interim (mid-year) increases may also be in financial
trouble or may be consistently under-pricing their contributions.

Sometimes schemes purposely run options at a loss to gain members, but such
discounted contributions are not sustainable, and an interim increase or steep
annual increase is likely to be implemented later.

Claims ratio

Take note of how much a scheme spends on members' claims and how much it spends
on non-healthcare costs such as administration, broker commission and managed
care. Compare this with the average claims ratio for all medical schemes. For
example, last year, the average claims ratio for all schemes was 86.9 percent,
which means that, on average, schemes spent R86.90 of every R100 you contributed
on healthcare benefits and R13.10 on non-healthcare expenses.

The Council for Medical Schemes is of the view that all non-healthcare expenses
should be limited to about 10 percent of income from contributions .

Remember, however, that if a scheme has low contribution rates, its
administration costs may account for a higher percentage of income than is the
case with a scheme with higher contributions.

If a scheme's non-healthcare costs are higher than the average, members must get
value for money for those expenses - for example, a superior administration
service.

Credit rating

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) rates a number of open medical schemes on their
claims-paying ability.

This rating is a measure of a scheme's capacity to service their claims over a
12- to 18-month period.

Before rating a scheme, GCR takes into account a number of factors, including:

u How quickly the scheme's investments can be realised to pay claims;

u The number of months' claims that a scheme can pay from its cash reserves;

u The scheme's balance sheet;

u The number of months' claims a scheme can pay from its overall reserves;

u The size and profile of a scheme's membership base; and

u The scheme's solvency ratio.

The highest rating an open or a closed medical scheme in South Africa can be
accorded is AA+.

Schemes with BBB+, BBB or BBB- ratings have adequate claims-paying ability and
adequate protection.

Schemes pay GCR to rate them and agree to their rating being made public.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Scotland on Sunday

                                 April 5, 2009

Confusion among the ruins of final salary schemes

BYLINE: Dr Alistair Byrne

LENGTH: 823 words



HIGHLIGHT: PRIVATE sector final salary pension schemes are mostly closed to new
members and many are likely to close to existing members in coming years. Their
replacement will be defined contribution schemes, also known as "money
purchase". Pressure will also increase for changes in public sector final salary
pensions as the private sector moves overwhelmingly to money purchase for new
and existing employees.


Money purchase schemes are usually regarded as being inferior to final salary
schemes, but they are not inherently bad. There are, however, problems in most
current implementations that need to be addressed. Contributions levels need to
be higher to ensure decent retirement incomes and schemes need to be more
efficient and simpler for members to use.We entered the current financial crisis
in a situation where most private sector final salary pension schemes were
already closed to new members. Some public sector and larger private sector
schemes remained open to new members.Schemes have been closing for several years
now, but the rate of closure was highest during and immediately after the
previous period of falling stock markets from 2000-2003. Ongoing improvements in
life expectancy have also raised the costs of pension provision creating
financial pressures encouraging closure of schemes.The recent financial crisis
looks set to spark another wave of closures of final salary schemes.

Pension fund asset values been reduced by falling stock markets at a time when
scheme sponsors face difficult business conditions and will be reluctant to make
additional pension contributions.More sponsors will now consider closing final
salary schemes to further accrual by existing members. This is politically
difficult to sell to employees, but economic conditions are tough and it is
getting harder to justify 'two tier' workforces where some employees are in
generous final salary schemes and others in less generous money purchase schemes
. The divide between final salary schemes in the public sector and money
purchase in the private sector also looks unsustainableThe replacement for final
salary schemes is likely to be money purchase schemes. In a money purchase
scheme, typically both employer and employee make contributions to the fund, but
the employee bears the risk if the investments do not perform well. 'Hybrid
schemes' which combine elements of final salary and money purchase are possible
and provide employees with important risk sharing benefits, but the complexity
and ongoing risks involved mean few employers have wanted to go down this
route.Contribution levels in money purchase schemes are typically lower than
final salary schemes and often at levels that are likely to result in
disappointing pensions. Few members are aware of how little these schemes are
likely to pay out. Complexity is another issue, with most members unprepared to
make decisions on how much to save and which investment funds within the scheme
to choose. Financial education can help, but only a bit and only over the longer
term.The other major issue on the horizon is the government's proposed personal
accounts scheme, due to be implemented in 2012. This will be a national money
purchase scheme into which employees will be automatically enrolled if they are
not in an occupational scheme. They retain a right to opt out, but if they do
not, combined contributions of 8% of salary (to a limit) are payable split
between employee, employer and government. Key details of the scheme are not yet
known.The personal accounts scheme itself is a reasonable way of providing
additional retirement income to employees who currently lack access to a good
quality occupational scheme. However, the main concern is the relationship
between the scheme and means-tested benefits. There are fears that for many low
earners the benefits they get as a result of saving in personal accounts will
merely replace means-tested benefits they would have received anyway. This issue
doesn't invalidate personal accounts, but the benefits system needs to change to
allow personal accounts to work well.It remains to be seen how sponsors of
occupational schemes respond to personal accounts. For less committed employers,
stopping providing their own pension scheme and rolling employees into the
'state-endorsed' personal accounts scheme would appear to be the path of least
resistance. Employers with more generous employee benefit arrangements may
choose to keep their own 'gold-plated' schemes.As money purchase schemes become
more common and represent a larger part of retirement income provision, it will
be important that these schemes are fit for purpose. The financial services
industry needs to focus on development of better money purchase schemes. This
does not mean ever more complicated investment products, but rather more
efficient schemes that are easier for the public to understand and use.We also
need to ensure that members are aware of the levels of benefits they are likely
to receive from their money purchase schemes and can adjust their contributions
if required.Dr Alistair Byrne is a senior lecturer in finance at the University
of Edinburgh and a Fellow of the Pensions Institute at Cass Business School in
London. His research and consulting focus on pension fund investment and pension
scheme design. (alistair.byrne@ed.ac.uk]

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SOS


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          February 14, 1998, Saturday

Cost cutting affects pensions

BYLINE: Caroline Merrell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 674 words


Caroline Merrell says money-purchase plans may replace final-salary schemes.

The Government has depleted the value of company pension schemes by increasing
administration costs and cutting the tax relief available to pension fund
managers.

The annual report from the National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF) revealed
that the changes to pension scheme administration and tax relief on pension
funds were pushing more and more employers into offering money-purchase schemes
rather than final-salary schemes.

The former type of scheme, where the benefits are linked to the amount that the
employer and employee pay in, are deemed to be less generous than final-salary
schemes.

Under these schemes employees build up rights to a pension linked to a
percentage of final salary. These rights are guaranteed under the rules of the
company scheme.

These liabilities become harder to meet if the costs of the schemes are
increased and potential investment returns cut.

Already some of Britain's biggest pension schemes - such as those offered by
Zeneca, the pharmaceuticals company, and W H Smith - are moving towards offering
money-purchase schemes rather than final-salary schemes.

The NAPF survey revealed that about 50 companies had set up money-purchase
arrangements during the year. The association surveyed 613 companies which had
total pension assets of Pounds 370 billion. These pension schemes covered nearly
two thirds of the total number of company pension scheme members.

The trend towards offering money-purchase schemes could have a detrimental
effect on the level of pension anticipated by those in occupational schemes.
According to the NAPF, the amount contributed by employers to final-salary
schemes is nearly half the amount contributed to money- purchase arrangements.

Dr Ann Robinson, director-general of the NAPF, warned the Government that any
further changes that increased the costs of company pensions could turn
employers against offering them altogether. She said: "If the work men continue
drilling holes in company schemes, the whole edifice could become unstable."

The survey found that ending the ability of pension schemes to reclaim the
advanced corporation tax (ACT) credit had pushed some schemes to the point where
they could not meet their potential liabilities. According to the survey, 34 per
cent of the public sector pension schemes would not be able to meet projected
liabilities. Just over a quarter of the private pension schemes surveyed were
only slightly in surplus. These figures highlighted the fact that the change to
ACT rules had cut pension scheme surpluses considerably.

The survey also revealed the reticence on behalf of some companies to accept
members who had mistakenly opted out or transferred from the pension scheme.
This reluctance on behalf of com pany schemes is causing delays for those
seeking to compensate thousands of people who were mis-sold personal pensions at
the end of the 1980s.

The results of the survey did show, however, that schemes were beginning to
adopt slightly more liberal attitudes towards non-married members.

Conventionally, the widow's or widower's pension in occupational schemes,
usually half the member's pension, is not paid out to common-law partners.

The survey showed that 4 per cent of schemes will now pay out the pension to a
common-law partner, while 2 per cent of public schemes will do the same.

Two thirds of private sector schemes would pay out at the discretion of the
trustee.

Thirty five per cent of private schemes will pay out benefits to the partners of
those in same-sex relationships, while 16 per cent of public sector schemes will
pay benefits to those in same-sex relationships.

The survey also found that many schemes were operating a more flexible attitude
to retirement age. Eighty seven per cent of private sector schemes and 97 per
cent of public sector schemes will allow members to work past normal retirement
age, and offered a range of flexible benefits.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Newspapers Limited


                              40 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

How . . . many KiwiSaver schemes have been closed down?

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 365 words


IN ALL 19 have closed, which is really quite a large number, considering there
are now 40 registered schemes still in existence.

Just how nearly a third of all the KiwiSaver schemes ceased to be is a
fascinating story.

Broadly, the schemes that are no longer with us fall into six groups.

The first group is made up of schemes which were started to hold the savings of
the employees of a single scheme.

Some have survived up until now. Others haven't, as it is hard to justify the
costs of running a stand-alone scheme when banks, insurers and fund managers are
offering perfectly good alternatives.

Schemes that have closed include the ones for Hexion Specialty Chemicals,
Ecolab, Turners & Growers, Griffins and Stevenson Group. When the two Foodstuffs
schemes are merged, the number of closed KiwiSaver schemes will rise to 20.

The second group is industry- affiliated schemes. These are not a bad idea, and
some continue to thrive, but schemes that have closed include the IRIS scheme
set up for union members, the Law Retirement scheme, and the retail-focused
EoSaver.

Group three is made up of schemes that got merged as a result of corporate
activity.

The National Bank scheme was merged into the ANZ KiwiSaver scheme, when the
National Bank brand vanished into ANZ.

Similarly, the AXA KiwiSaver scheme was merged into AMP's as a result of AMP
taking over AXA. NZX, which owns the Smartshares scheme, has taken over
SuperLife, which has its own KiwiSaver, suggesting another scheme is likely to
vanish in time.

Group four is made up of financial services schemes which just didn't make it.

The Credit Union scheme, the First NZ Capital and the Asteron schemes, all
failed to achieve the scale necessary to make them viable.

Making KiwiSaver profitable requires scale.

Group five is property-focused schemes, but property-mad New Zealand didn't
embrace them, and the two schemes in this group didn't take off.

Finally, group six contains schemes that vanished after problems with the fund
manager who ran them.

But in all these cases, there was a built-in happy ending.

When a scheme is closed, members have to transfer their money to another scheme,
and if they can't decide, it is transferred for them.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Coalspur Announces Results of First Court Hearing

LENGTH: 1363  words


(GlobeNewswire) - Coalspur Mines Limited ("Coalspur" or "Company") (ASX:CPL)
(TSX:CPT) is pleased to provide the following update on the status of the
proposed acquisition of Coalspur by KC Euroholdings S.à r.l. ("KCE") by way of a
scheme of arrangement ("Scheme").


First Court Hearing
The Federal Court of Australia ("Court") has approved the despatch of Coalspur's
Scheme booklet ("Scheme Booklet") and has ordered that Coalspur convene a
meeting of its shareholders to consider and, if thought fit, approve the Scheme
("Scheme Meeting").
Release of Scheme Booklet
The Scheme Booklet will be released on the ASX and SEDAR following registration
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") and will be
available on the Company's website, the ASX website and www.sedar.com .
Coalspur shareholders should carefully read the entire Scheme Booklet before
deciding whether to vote in favour of the Scheme.
Scheme Meeting
The Scheme Meeting, to approve the Scheme, will be held at The Celtic Club, 48
Ord Street, West Perth, Western Australia on Wednesday, 22 April 2015 at 10:00am
(WST)1.
Each shareholder's vote is important. All Australian or Canadian registered
shareholders as at 5:00pm (WST) on 20 April 2015 will be entitled to vote at the
Scheme Meeting, and are encouraged to do so. Canadian beneficial shareholders
(i.e. shareholders who hold Coalspur shares through a bank, trust company,
securities dealer or broker) should refer to the Scheme Booklet for voting
instructions.
Coalspur registered shareholders do not need to attend the Scheme Meeting in
person to vote, as their vote can be made by proxy by completing the
personalised proxy form enclosed in the Scheme Booklet mailed to shareholders.
All proxy forms must be received by Coalspur's share registry by no later than
10:00am (WST) on 20 April 2015 in accordance with the directions set out in the
proxy form. Canadian beneficial shareholders cannot attend and vote at the
Scheme Meeting unless they have been appointed proxy holder in accordance with
the instructions set out in the Scheme Booklet.
1 Australian Western Standard Time
Second Court Hearing
In the event that the Scheme is approved at the Scheme Meeting and all
conditions of the Scheme are satisfied or waived, Coalspur will apply to the
Court for orders approving the Scheme.
Board recommendation and Independent Expert's opinion
The Board of Directors of Coalspur unanimously recommends that Coalspur
shareholders vote in favour of the proposed Scheme, in the absence of a superior
proposal for Coalspur.  An independent expert report commissioned by the
Company, and produced by BDO Corporate Finance (WA) Pty Ltd ("Independent
Expert"), will accompany the Scheme Booklet. Importantly, the Independent Expert
has concluded that, in the absence of a superior offer, the Scheme is fair and
reasonable to, and is in the best interests of, shareholders. The Independent
Expert has also opined that Borrowdale Park ("Borrowdale") will not receive a
collateral benefit from the proposed sale of its debt to KCE. The key terms of
the debt purchase and royalty arrangements between KCE and Borrowdale are
included in the Scheme Booklet and a valuation of the proposed royalty is
included within the Independent Expert's report. The Company has voluntarily
undertaken to tag the votes of Borrowdale at the Scheme Meeting and present the
results to the Court at the second hearing.
Scheme Timetable
Expected key dates for the Scheme are set out below:
?
Event
Date
Despatch of Scheme Booklet to shareholders
23 March 2015
Latest time and date for lodgement of completed proxy forms for the Scheme
Meeting
10:00am (WST) on 20 April 2015
Time and date for determining eligibility of Coalspur Shareholders to vote at
the Scheme Meeting
5:00pm (WST) on 20 April 2015
Time and date of the Scheme Meeting
10:00am (WST) on 22 April 2015
Court hearing for approval of the Scheme
28 April 2015
Effective Date of the Scheme
29 April 2015
Last date of trading of Coalspur shares on ASX and TSX
29 April 2015
Record Date for determining entitlements to the Scheme Consideration
6 May 2015
Implementation Date for the Scheme and payment of the Scheme Consideration to
registered shareholders within 5 business days thereafter
13 May 2015
The above dates and times may vary depending on factors outside of the control
of Coalspur, including the Court approval process and the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions precedent to the completion of the Scheme. Any changes to the
above timetable will be announced by the Company and published on the Company's
website, the ASX website and www.sedar.com .
ASX waiver to Listing Rule 6.23.2
The ASX has granted Coalspur a waiver from ASX listing rule 6.23.2 to the extent
necessary to permit Coalspur to cancel 7,330,739 options on issue for
consideration without shareholder approval, subject to Coalspur's shareholders
approving the Scheme by the requisite majority and a court of competent
jurisdiction approving the Scheme.
YOUR DIRECTORS STRONGLY ENCOURAGE ALL SHAREHOLDERS TO CAREFULLY READ THE SCHEME
BOOKLET IN ITS ENTIRETY AND THE MATERIAL ACCOMPANYING IT BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER
TO VOTE IN FAVOUR OF THE SCHEME.
No regulatory authority has approved or disapproved of the information contained
in this release.
This release contains forward-looking information concerning Coalspur, including
information regarding Coalspur's plans for concluding the strategic review
process that was announced on 23 June 2014 and plans for the acquisition of
Coalspur by way of an Australian scheme of arrangement ("Scheme"). All
statements in this release, other than statements of historical facts, that
address events or developments that Coalspur expects to occur, are statements of
forward-looking information. Although Coalspur believes that such
forward-looking information is based on reasonable assumptions, such information
is not a guarantee of future performance and actual results or developments may
differ materially from the forward-looking information. Material factors or
assumptions used by Coalspur to develop forward-looking information include the
following: (a) the conditions to the Scheme will be fulfilled, including those
relating to reaching agreement with EIG Global Energy Partners, Borrowdale Park
S.A. and Ridley Terminals Inc; (b) coal price and currency exchange rate
assumptions; (c) regulatory approvals, permits and licences for the development,
construction and operation of Vista will be obtained, amended and maintained on
a basis consistent with Coalspur's current expectations; (d) accuracy of mineral
resource and reserve estimates; (e) Coalspur's title to mineral and surface
rights will be maintained; and (f) Coalspur's secured creditors will continue to
be supportive of the strategic process. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from forward-looking information include: (i) uncertainties
relating to the fulfilment of the conditions precedent to the Scheme; (ii)
conditions for drawdown and other requirements under existing credit facilities,
including the acceleration of debt due to events of default; (iii) fluctuations
in coal prices and currency exchange rates; (iv) uncertainties regarding the
receipt, maintenance, amendment and conditions of regulatory approvals, permits
and licences required for the development, construction and operation of Vista;
(v) take or pay commitments with Ridley Terminals; (vi) uncertainties in
Coalspur's mineral resource or reserve estimates; (vii) uncertainties related to
aboriginal claims and overlapping mineral or surface rights; and (viii)
uncertainties related to general economic, market and business conditions. For
more information on Coalspur, investors should review Coalspur's continuous
disclosure filings that are available at www.sedar.com and www.asx.com .au.
For additional information, please contact:
Ryan Walchuck
Media and Investor Relations
P: +1 604 220 8595
For the original version on GlobeNewswire visit: http://globenewswire.com
/news-release/2015/03/17/715709/10125082/en/Coalspur-Announces-Results-of-First-
Court-Hearing.html 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "Reward Gateway" to Reward
Gateway (UK) Ltd

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd, has been granted trademark (UK00003203663)
titled as "Reward Gateway" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 9

     Computers, computer software, computer application software, computer
programmes, all the aforesaid being to enable solutions for the provision,
communication and administration of healthcare plans or schemes and benefits
schemes, and for use in relation to healthcare plans or schemes and employee
benefits schemes; computer software for use in relation to healthcare plans or
schemes and employee benefits schemes; computer software for use in relation to
healthcare plans or schemes, employee benefits schemes pensions management,
business management and reward schemes; all of the above also provided via the
internet.



 Class 35

     Advertising; business management; business administration; office
functions; business consultancy services in relation to healthcare plans or
schemes and/or employee benefits schemes; evaluation of personnel requirements;
organisation, operation, management and supervision of sales and of promotional
voucher schemes in relation to any of the following: healthcare plans or schemes
, employee benefits schemes, incentive schemes, benefits and perks schemes,
loyalty schemes, staff motivation and performance schemes, promotional
programmes and promotional services in relation to employee benefits schemes and
packages; information, advice and consultancy relating to all of the aforesaid.

 Class 36

     Administration of health care plans or schemes, administration of employee
benefits plans, administration of employee welfare benefits plans,
administration of employee pension plans, administration of salary sacrifice
schemes, consultancy relating to compulsory social security and benefit
entitlements, contributory benefits scheme services; information, advice and
consultancy relating to all of the aforesaid.

 Class 42

     Computer services; software development, programming and implementation; IT
consultancy, advisory and information services; computer software maintenance
services; all the aforesaid being to enable solutions for the provision,
communication and administration of healthcare plans or schemes, employee
benefits schemes, and/or applicable in relation to healthcare plans or schemes,
employee benefits schemes, pensions management, business management and reward
schemes; information, advice and consultancy relating to all of the aforesaid.



 Filing Date:  22 December 2016





 Date of registration:  6 January 2017



 Representative name:  Squire Patton Boggs (UK) LLP



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Public notices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 367 words


THE GREENALLS GROUP PENSION AND LIFE ASSURANCE SCHEME (the "Scheme") NOTICE
UNDER SECTION 27 OF THE TRUSTEE ACT 1925 This notice is addressed to those who
are or were members of the Scheme or of any of the predecessor pension schemes
listed below: The Greenalls Group Pension and Life Assurance Scheme for Retail
Managers The Greenall Whitley Group Pension and Life Assurance Scheme The
Greenall Whitley Group Pension Fund The Greenall Whitley Group Pension and Life
Assurance Scheme for Retail Managers The Boddington Group plc Retirement
Benefits Plan The Boddingtons' Breweries Limited Retirement Benefits Plan The
James Shipstone & Sons Retirement Benefits Scheme The Davenports Pension Fund
The Davenports Pension and Life Assurance Scheme The Davenports Brewery Limited
Pension and Life Assurance Scheme The Ogden Wade Pension Scheme The Higson
Brewery Limited Works Pension Scheme The J A Devenish Pension and Death Benefits
Scheme The Devenish Pension Scheme The Oldham Brewery Pension Scheme The
Stretton Leisure (T.M.F) Pension Scheme If you are or were a member of the
Scheme or one of the predecessor schemes listed above and think you are entitled
to benefits under the Scheme or predecessor scheme, or you are a widow/widower,
child or dependant of such a member, and did not receive correspondence about
your benefits in January 2015, please contact the Trustee of the Scheme c/o
Lloyd Westbrook, Towers Watson, PO Box 545, Redhill, RH1 1YX, by no later than
30 April 2015. You should include details of your current address and any
benefits to which you think you are entitled, together with any supporting
documentation.


The Trustee is in the process of winding-up the Scheme and it is the Trustee's
intention to distribute the assets of the Scheme by insuring the appropriate
level of benefits for its members and beneficiaries as soon as possible.

If the Trustee is not made aware of any entitlement you may have under the
Scheme by 30 April 2015, it will distribute the assets of the Scheme and will
not be liable to pay benefits to you.

If you received an announcement from the Trustee in January 2015, you do not
need to contact the Trustee.

Issued on behalf of the Trustee of the Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 07, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Changes to Bill to avert health insurance threat to schemes

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 921 words


The Department of Health, the Council for Medical Schemes, the Registrars of
Long- and Short-term Insurance and National Treasury have agreed on a way to
deal with disputes about health insurance policies that the medical scheme
regulator believes could undermine the medical scheme industry.

National Treasury told Parliament's Finance Portfolio Committee meeting this
week that the parties had agreed to changes to the Insurance Laws Amendment Bill
in which it was proposed that the Minister of Finance would decide when a
product was an insurance policy rather than a medical scheme.

The Council for Medical Schemes previously warned the committee that insurance
products could undermine all that the Medical Schemes Act had done to ensure
that you can buy healthcare cover without being charged according to the state
of your health or age.

The parties have now agreed that the Minister of Finance will make regulations
on health policies only in consultation with the Minister of Health and after
consultation with both the medical scheme regulator and the Financial Services
Board. Information on health policies will have to be submitted to both the
Registrar of Medical Schemes and the relevant insurance registrar.

National Treasury's Ismail Momoniat also said the Department of Health will
amend the definition of the business of a scheme in the Medical Schemes
Amendment Bill, which was tabled this week.

The department wants to amend the definition after a recent Supreme Court of
Appeal ruling that found Guardrisk's short-term insurance medical gap cover
product to be legal in terms of the definition.

The Registrar of Medical Schemes had attempted to close the product, arguing it
was doing the business of a medical scheme.

Risk equalisation fund

The revised Medical Schemes Amendment Bill was tabled this week, a year and half
after the first draft was published. It paves the way for the Risk Equalisation
Fund (REF) for schemes, proposes a revision of medical schemes' benefit
structures and introduces stricter governance measures for schemes.

The Bill clarifies that the intention of the REF is to equalise the cost of
providing the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) for all medical schemes.

Currently it costs a scheme with a younger, healthier risk profile less to
provide the PMBs to its members than it costs a scheme with older, sicker
members to do so. Contributions on schemes with older, sicker members are,
therefore, higher than those on schemes with younger, healthier members.

The aim of the REF will be ensure that there is cross-subsidisation of the cost
of the PMBs between schemes. This will be achieved through schemes with
healthier members making payments to the fund for the benefit of those with less
healthy members.

The factors the REF will use to determine which schemes will be paid by and
which will pay into the REF have yet to be finalised, and the revised draft
legislation, like the first draft, states that the Minister of Health, in
consultation with the Minister of Finance, will determine the formula that will
be used.

It is expected that this formula will only be determined once the Bill has been
enacted and that schemes will need about two years to prepare for the
implementation of the REF.

The REF is, therefore, unlikely to start functioning before 2011, but the
amendment Bill makes the Ministers of Health and Finance responsible for
determining the final date on which the REF will go live.

The revised Bill does, however, contain more details about the REF process,
including such things as administrative penalties for schemes that fail to
provide the REF with the information it requires or that provide the incorrect
information and as result underpay the REF.

The Bill also contains new provisions aimed at ensuring that the information
provided to the REF about you, as a medical scheme member, and your health
status, is kept confidential.

The revised Medical Schemes Amendment Bill also deals more extensively with
proposals to restructure medical schemes' benefit structures.

Schemes will be expected to have a set of common benefits and to set a price for
these benefits that is the same for all members on all options of the scheme.

Currently schemes have to price options to be self-sustaining - the
contributions must cover the claims. This means schemes set different prices for
the same benefits across different options depending on the type of members who
join those options.

In terms of the proposed legislation, schemes will be expected to set a
contribution rate applicable to all members for their common or basic benefits -
for example, those covering hospital care and the PMBs.

In addition to this, members will be able to buy supplementary benefits that are
priced for each option.

The Bill also makes provision for discounted contributions for members who agree
to use particular healthcare providers (such as hospitals, doctors or
pharmacies) or a particular provider network.

Governance issues

The latest Medical Schemes Amendment Bill introduces some tough new provisions
aimed at improving the governance of medical schemes and avoiding some of the
incidents of poor governance that have plagued schemes in recent years.

In particular, the amendments seek to ensure that trustees and principal
officers of schemes have no relationship with any of the scheme's service
providers, that they disclose any gifts or payments made to them by service
providers, that they avoid conflicts of interest and that they have effective
corporate governance procedures.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday
                               Law Review Edition

Enforced payment not possible

BYLINE: MICHELLE DAVID &REBECCA JANSCH

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 973  words


Enforced payment not possible

Medical schemes obliged only to reimburse members, not service providers

MICHELLE DAVID & REBECCA JANSCH

Bowman Gilfillan

THE medical scheme industry's practice of meeting benefits owed to members
through direct payment to medical service providers has been questioned, with
schemes at times refusing to pay service providers for accounts lodged for
services rendered.

Usually, the basis for such refusal is suspicion of fraudulent activity.

The question arises as to whether a medical scheme is entitled to refuse to pay
a service provider that has lodged an account for services rendered to one of
its members.

The decisions in dispute resolution forums will affect all stakeholders,
including members and the medical schemes themselves.

Service providers have argued that the Medical Schemes Act, specifically section
59(2), creates a basis for direct payment by stating that a medical scheme may
dispose of any benefit owing to a member - either to the service provider
directly or to the member - within 30 days of the scheme receiving the claim.

The issue is whether section 59(2) of the act allows medical schemes to pay
service providers directly or whether it obliges them to do so directly.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), a regulatory body supervising private
health financing through medical schemes, has a dispute tribunal to which
members may lodge complaints, which would initially be heard by the Appeal
Committee, after which they may be referred to its Appeal Board.

In Alimag Pharmacy v Registrar for Medical Schemes, the question raised was
whether a scheme could withhold payment from a service provider. In this case
the scheme was withholding payment to a group of four pharmacies for services
rendered owing to a fraudulent claims investigation.

The scheme alleged that the act gave medical schemes the discretion to pay
either the service provider or the scheme member.

The appeal committee disagreed, stating that there was nothing in section 59(2)
to suggest a scheme could pay a member directly for an account that had already
been submitted by the service provider. The appeal committee took the same view.

In both cases the submission of an account by a service provider was considered
sufficient to oblige the scheme to pay that provider directly, leaving the
schemes with little recourse when they suspected fraudulent activity.

The appeal board differed when faced with the same question in Government
Employees Medical Scheme (GEMS) v Omphemetse Pharmacy CC. GEMS had given notice
to Omphemetse that it would no longer pay claims to it directly.

Rather, GEMS would pay any benefit owing directly to its members; Omphemetse
would need to recover payment directly from the members. Omphemetse subsequently
lodged a complaint against GEMS alleging that GEMS had not paid moneys owed to
it for services rendered to its members.

The appeal board found there was no automatic contractual relationship between a
medical scheme and a service provider entitling the service provider to such
payment.

The board noted that a medical scheme existed and was registered for the purpose
of assisting its members in defraying expenditure incurred in accordance with
the rules of the scheme in return for contributions paid to it by the member.

Therefore, a medical scheme may lawfully discharge its obligations owed to a
member by paying the service provider directly.

However, in the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and
the medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme.

The medical scheme has a duty to reimburse its members. The appeal board
explained that it was the member and not the medical scheme that was indebted to
the service provider.

The board referred to the Supreme Court Appeal judgment of Medscheme Holdings
(Pty) Ltd and another v Bhamjee wherein it was found that Mr Bhamjee, a medical
practitioner, had no basis upon which to demand that Medscheme pay him directly.

The appeal court appeared to recognise that although section 59(2) created a
basis upon which medical schemes were allowed to discharge obligations owed to
members by reimbursing service providers directly, the section did not oblige
the medical scheme to do so where the provider had lodged an account with the
medical scheme.

Therefore, unlike the relationship between members and medical schemes, there
was no contractual or other automatic relationship between medical schemes and
service providers. Accordingly, for a service provider to hold a medical scheme
liable to pay an account there would have to be an agreement between the scheme
and the service provider.

How do these decisions affect industry stakeholders?

To be ensured of receiving payment, service providers must either claim payment
directly from their patients, or ensure that they have contractual agreements
with medical schemes. The schemes in turn will have to decide whether or not to
enter into contractual relations with service providers.

The only potential beneficiaries of these decisions are medical schemes, since
they will have more control over the payment of benefits. However, the effect of
fraudulent activities in the medical insurance industry must not be
underestimated.

It is estimated that the health sector is defrauded of between R4 and R13bn a
year, with grave consequences for member contributions.

Hopefully the added control that medical schemes will have over disposing of
benefits owed will decrease the occurrence of fraudulent activities and decrease
the escalating costs of private medical aid membership.

In the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and the
medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme

COST OF HEALTH

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday
                               Law Review Edition

Enforced payment not possible

BYLINE: MICHELLE DAVID &REBECCA JANSCH

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 973  words


Enforced payment not possible

Medical schemes obliged only to reimburse members, not service providers

MICHELLE DAVID & REBECCA JANSCH

Bowman Gilfillan

THE medical scheme industry's practice of meeting benefits owed to members
through direct payment to medical service providers has been questioned, with
schemes at times refusing to pay service providers for accounts lodged for
services rendered.

Usually, the basis for such refusal is suspicion of fraudulent activity.

The question arises as to whether a medical scheme is entitled to refuse to pay
a service provider that has lodged an account for services rendered to one of
its members.

The decisions in dispute resolution forums will affect all stakeholders,
including members and the medical schemes themselves.

Service providers have argued that the Medical Schemes Act, specifically section
59(2), creates a basis for direct payment by stating that a medical scheme may
dispose of any benefit owing to a member - either to the service provider
directly or to the member - within 30 days of the scheme receiving the claim.

The issue is whether section 59(2) of the act allows medical schemes to pay
service providers directly or whether it obliges them to do so directly.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), a regulatory body supervising private
health financing through medical schemes, has a dispute tribunal to which
members may lodge complaints, which would initially be heard by the Appeal
Committee, after which they may be referred to its Appeal Board.

In Alimag Pharmacy v Registrar for Medical Schemes, the question raised was
whether a scheme could withhold payment from a service provider. In this case
the scheme was withholding payment to a group of four pharmacies for services
rendered owing to a fraudulent claims investigation.

The scheme alleged that the act gave medical schemes the discretion to pay
either the service provider or the scheme member.

The appeal committee disagreed, stating that there was nothing in section 59(2)
to suggest a scheme could pay a member directly for an account that had already
been submitted by the service provider. The appeal committee took the same view.

In both cases the submission of an account by a service provider was considered
sufficient to oblige the scheme to pay that provider directly, leaving the
schemes with little recourse when they suspected fraudulent activity.

The appeal board differed when faced with the same question in Government
Employees Medical Scheme (GEMS) v Omphemetse Pharmacy CC. GEMS had given notice
to Omphemetse that it would no longer pay claims to it directly.

Rather, GEMS would pay any benefit owing directly to its members; Omphemetse
would need to recover payment directly from the members. Omphemetse subsequently
lodged a complaint against GEMS alleging that GEMS had not paid moneys owed to
it for services rendered to its members.

The appeal board found there was no automatic contractual relationship between a
medical scheme and a service provider entitling the service provider to such
payment.

The board noted that a medical scheme existed and was registered for the purpose
of assisting its members in defraying expenditure incurred in accordance with
the rules of the scheme in return for contributions paid to it by the member.

Therefore, a medical scheme may lawfully discharge its obligations owed to a
member by paying the service provider directly.

However, in the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and
the medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme.

The medical scheme has a duty to reimburse its members. The appeal board
explained that it was the member and not the medical scheme that was indebted to
the service provider.

The board referred to the Supreme Court Appeal judgment of Medscheme Holdings
(Pty) Ltd and another v Bhamjee wherein it was found that Mr Bhamjee, a medical
practitioner, had no basis upon which to demand that Medscheme pay him directly.

The appeal court appeared to recognise that although section 59(2) created a
basis upon which medical schemes were allowed to discharge obligations owed to
members by reimbursing service providers directly, the section did not oblige
the medical scheme to do so where the provider had lodged an account with the
medical scheme.

Therefore, unlike the relationship between members and medical schemes, there
was no contractual or other automatic relationship between medical schemes and
service providers. Accordingly, for a service provider to hold a medical scheme
liable to pay an account there would have to be an agreement between the scheme
and the service provider.

How do these decisions affect industry stakeholders?

To be ensured of receiving payment, service providers must either claim payment
directly from their patients, or ensure that they have contractual agreements
with medical schemes. The schemes in turn will have to decide whether or not to
enter into contractual relations with service providers.

The only potential beneficiaries of these decisions are medical schemes, since
they will have more control over the payment of benefits. However, the effect of
fraudulent activities in the medical insurance industry must not be
underestimated.

It is estimated that the health sector is defrauded of between R4 and R13bn a
year, with grave consequences for member contributions.

Hopefully the added control that medical schemes will have over disposing of
benefits owed will decrease the occurrence of fraudulent activities and decrease
the escalating costs of private medical aid membership.

In the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and the
medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme

COST OF HEALTH

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday
                               Law Review Edition

Enforced payment not possible

BYLINE: MICHELLE DAVID &REBECCA JANSCH

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 973  words


Enforced payment not possible

Medical schemes obliged only to reimburse members, not service providers

MICHELLE DAVID & REBECCA JANSCH

Bowman Gilfillan

THE medical scheme industry's practice of meeting benefits owed to members
through direct payment to medical service providers has been questioned, with
schemes at times refusing to pay service providers for accounts lodged for
services rendered.

Usually, the basis for such refusal is suspicion of fraudulent activity.

The question arises as to whether a medical scheme is entitled to refuse to pay
a service provider that has lodged an account for services rendered to one of
its members.

The decisions in dispute resolution forums will affect all stakeholders,
including members and the medical schemes themselves.

Service providers have argued that the Medical Schemes Act, specifically section
59(2), creates a basis for direct payment by stating that a medical scheme may
dispose of any benefit owing to a member - either to the service provider
directly or to the member - within 30 days of the scheme receiving the claim.

The issue is whether section 59(2) of the act allows medical schemes to pay
service providers directly or whether it obliges them to do so directly.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), a regulatory body supervising private
health financing through medical schemes, has a dispute tribunal to which
members may lodge complaints, which would initially be heard by the Appeal
Committee, after which they may be referred to its Appeal Board.

In Alimag Pharmacy v Registrar for Medical Schemes, the question raised was
whether a scheme could withhold payment from a service provider. In this case
the scheme was withholding payment to a group of four pharmacies for services
rendered owing to a fraudulent claims investigation.

The scheme alleged that the act gave medical schemes the discretion to pay
either the service provider or the scheme member.

The appeal committee disagreed, stating that there was nothing in section 59(2)
to suggest a scheme could pay a member directly for an account that had already
been submitted by the service provider. The appeal committee took the same view.

In both cases the submission of an account by a service provider was considered
sufficient to oblige the scheme to pay that provider directly, leaving the
schemes with little recourse when they suspected fraudulent activity.

The appeal board differed when faced with the same question in Government
Employees Medical Scheme (GEMS) v Omphemetse Pharmacy CC. GEMS had given notice
to Omphemetse that it would no longer pay claims to it directly.

Rather, GEMS would pay any benefit owing directly to its members; Omphemetse
would need to recover payment directly from the members. Omphemetse subsequently
lodged a complaint against GEMS alleging that GEMS had not paid moneys owed to
it for services rendered to its members.

The appeal board found there was no automatic contractual relationship between a
medical scheme and a service provider entitling the service provider to such
payment.

The board noted that a medical scheme existed and was registered for the purpose
of assisting its members in defraying expenditure incurred in accordance with
the rules of the scheme in return for contributions paid to it by the member.

Therefore, a medical scheme may lawfully discharge its obligations owed to a
member by paying the service provider directly.

However, in the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and
the medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme.

The medical scheme has a duty to reimburse its members. The appeal board
explained that it was the member and not the medical scheme that was indebted to
the service provider.

The board referred to the Supreme Court Appeal judgment of Medscheme Holdings
(Pty) Ltd and another v Bhamjee wherein it was found that Mr Bhamjee, a medical
practitioner, had no basis upon which to demand that Medscheme pay him directly.

The appeal court appeared to recognise that although section 59(2) created a
basis upon which medical schemes were allowed to discharge obligations owed to
members by reimbursing service providers directly, the section did not oblige
the medical scheme to do so where the provider had lodged an account with the
medical scheme.

Therefore, unlike the relationship between members and medical schemes, there
was no contractual or other automatic relationship between medical schemes and
service providers. Accordingly, for a service provider to hold a medical scheme
liable to pay an account there would have to be an agreement between the scheme
and the service provider.

How do these decisions affect industry stakeholders?

To be ensured of receiving payment, service providers must either claim payment
directly from their patients, or ensure that they have contractual agreements
with medical schemes. The schemes in turn will have to decide whether or not to
enter into contractual relations with service providers.

The only potential beneficiaries of these decisions are medical schemes, since
they will have more control over the payment of benefits. However, the effect of
fraudulent activities in the medical insurance industry must not be
underestimated.

It is estimated that the health sector is defrauded of between R4 and R13bn a
year, with grave consequences for member contributions.

Hopefully the added control that medical schemes will have over disposing of
benefits owed will decrease the occurrence of fraudulent activities and decrease
the escalating costs of private medical aid membership.

In the absence of a separate contract between the service provider and the
medical scheme there exists no legal nexus upon which a service provider may
enforce direct payment from the medical scheme

COST OF HEALTH

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 03, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Your medical savings account should earn interest, says regulator

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 966 words


Medical schemes that are not paying interest on your medical savings account
contributions at bank deposit rates have been instructed to ring-fence the
interest earned on these funds and to credit it to your account by the end of
this year.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) recently issued a circular clarifying an
earlier instruction to schemes to hold your medical savings account
contributions in a short-term call account or bank deposit account separate from
scheme funds.

The circular says schemes that demonstrated to the regulator that they had
difficulties implementing the September instruction to invest your savings
account contributions in a separate account and to pay you interest on your
balance have been exempted from complying with the law until January next year.

However, they are expected to ensure that the interest earned on your savings
account balance is not used by the scheme but held in a suspense account until
systems have been developed to allocate your portion of the interest to your
savings account.

In response to the September circular, some schemes said if they were no longer
able to use the interest earned on savings account funds, they would have to
increase the contributions they charge you.

In its most recent circular, the CMS says it reviewed the interest earned on
savings monies by a number of schemes and found the financial impact of the loss
of this interest |was not material enough to justify |re-costing contributions.

The circular says schemes that are facing additional costs warranting a
contribution increase should present evidence of this to the CMS.

It also says exemptions were granted to schemes that said they needed to assess
whether it will still be viable to continue to offer you a medical savings
account, given how the council expects these to be run.

Schemes will be allowed to deduct banking and investment management fees related
to your medical savings account before allocating the interest |to your account.

However, schemes must pay the administration fees related to managing medical
savings accounts from the benefit option's risk contributions, and not from your
savings account, and this could affect your contributions.

The council's September 2011 instruction to schemes on how to deal with your
savings account monies was based on a 2007 High Court judgment that prevented
the liquidators of Omnihealth Medical Scheme from using some R33 million in
members' savings accounts to repay the scheme's creditors.

The then Registrar of Medical Schemes sought a declaratory order confirming its
interpretation of the law. The court held that medical savings accounts
constitute trust money as defined by the Financial Institutions (Protection of
Funds) Act and therefore the savings account funds had to be repaid to
Omnihealth's members and not the scheme's creditors.

reaction from schemes

The Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), which represents medical schemes, says it
has taken legal opinion and is of the view that the CMS circulars go beyond the
ambit of the Omnihealth case.

BHF spokesperson Heidi Kruger says the BHF will pursue the matter on behalf of
schemes.

In its September circular, the CMS also said if schemes want to give you an
advance on contributions you will make to your medical savings account during
the year, they should make these loans from scheme funds, and not from members'
savings account monies. It said any bad debts on these advances must be recouped
from the scheme and not from your savings account.

The latest circular dismisses concerns raised by schemes that savings account
funds will have to be held in expensive trust structures with their own
trustees.

The CMS says the Financial Institutions (Protection of Funds) Act requires
schemes to open a separate account in the name of the scheme and in this way
ring-fence these monies as funds held on behalf of members. These funds do not
form part of a scheme's assets and cannot be used |to pay for a scheme's
expenses or claims against its risk benefits, the circular says.

In its comments on the council's initial instruction, the South African
Institute of Chartered Accountants' medical schemes project group said if
medical savings account funds were no longer regarded as a scheme asset, this
could affect the calculation of schemes' solvency ratios.

These ratios measure schemes' reserves as a percentage of contribution income.
This income includes contributions to medical savings accounts.

The BHF estimated that if savings account money was excluded from contributions
for the purposes of calculating solvency ratios, the lower reserves required as
a result could mean schemes could reduce contributions by an average of 10
percent.

But in its latest circular, the CMS says solvency ratios will continue to |be
calculated based on contributions that include those made to medical savings
accounts.

It says solvency requirements are used to indicate the risk to a scheme's
financial stability and are not an exact predictor of a scheme's ability to
survive financially.

The circular notes that for some time there has been debate about the adequacy
of existing solvency levels and requirements and that this is likely to continue
in the future. However, it says, changes to the way in which savings
contributions are accounted for do not change the financial risk of medical
schemes.

Addressing concerns medical schemes raised about needing to change their rules,
the circular says that in some cases schemes will need to change rules that, for
example, provide for interest at a fixed percentage or no interest at all, but
if rules cannot be changed before schemes implement the council's instructions,
the scheme would in any case be obliged to comply with the Medical Schemes Act
and other laws which take precedence over scheme rules.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 28, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Future of your gap cover policy in hands of finance minister;
Short-term insurers say they are not concerned about an amendment that will see
gap cover policies being regarded as doing the business of a medical scheme,
because changes to the Long-Term and Short-Term Insurance Acts will make it
possible for these policies to be exempted from the Medical Schemes Act. Laura
du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1279 words


The need for health insurance cover, especially that which covers you for
shortfalls in your medical scheme cover, is likely to be hotly debated in the
months ahead when regulations for health insurance policies are hammered out.

The regulations will state which health policies will be able to continue
without being in contravention of the Medical Schemes Act.

Insurers are, now more than ever, likely to need to seek exemptions from the Act
for their health policies after the tabling in Parliament this week of the
revised Medical Schemes Amendment Bill, which seeks to amend the definition of a
medical scheme.

If the change in the definition is enacted, many health policies could again be
at risk of being closed down by the medical schemes regulator, the Council for
Medical Schemes.

The definition of the business of a medical scheme was the legal stumbling block
in the Council for Medical Schemes's recent unsuccessful attempts to shut down
gap cover insurance policies, which offer you cover for the difference between
what your medical scheme pays and what your doctor charges.

But the insurance industry is neither surprised nor concerned that the
Department of Health and the Council for Medical Schemes are seeking to amend
the definition of the business of a medical scheme.

Barry Scott, the chief executive of the South African Insurance Association
(SAIA), says the SAIA is not concerned about the changes to the definition,
because the Insurance Laws Amendment Bill, which is currently before Parliament,
proposes, in effect, that the Minister of Finance, in consultation with the
Minister of Health, be given the power to exempt an insurance policy from the
provisions of the Medical Schemes Act.

If the Insurance Laws Amendment Bill, which has been approved by Parliament's
finance portfolio committee, is approved, the finance minister will be able to
allow health insurance products that fall within the amended definition of a
medical scheme to continue to operate.

Currently, any product that does the business of a medical scheme must close
down or comply with the Medical Schemes Act, which means registering as a
medical scheme, providing certain minimum benefits and not charging premiums
based on the risk you, as a member, pose or based on your state of health.

Scott says the SAIA expects the Minister of Finance to draft regulations under
the amended Short -Term and Long-Term Insurance Acts that will give the insurers
certainty about which products they can market without contravening the Medical
Schemes Act.

He says although those regulations will be key, the SAIA believes it will be in
a better position if the Insurance Laws Amendment Bill is approved and the SAIA
is able to engage with the Minister of Finance, rather than with the Minister of
Health or the Council for Medical Schemes, over which health insurance policies
should be allowed.

The SAIA will therefore not object to the proposed change to the definition of a
medical scheme in the Medical Schemes Amendment Bill.

The amendment Bill was published in the Government Gazette earlier this month,
but without the change to the definition of a medical scheme. This has been
included in the version tabled in Parliament this week.

the guardrisk case

The change to the definition of a medical scheme follows a protracted legal
battle between Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, and Guardrisk,
a subsidiary of Alexander Forbes, over its gap cover products.

Late in 2006 Masobe obtained a High Court interdict ordering Guardrisk to close
down its gap cover products within three months because they were doing the
business of a medical scheme. The ruling had implications for all short-term
insurers that offer healthcare cover.

But Guardrisk successfully appealed the ruling in the Supreme Court of Appeal
last year and despite taking the matter to the Constitutional Court, the
registrar failed to get that ruling overturned.

The legal arguments centred on the definition of a medical scheme in the Medical
Schemes Act.

The Act defines the business of a medical scheme as:

"The business of undertaking liability in return for a premium or contribution:

"(a) To make provision for the obtaining of any relevant health service;

"(b) To grant assistance in defraying expenditure incurred in connection with
the rendering of any relevant health service; and

"(c) Where applicable, to render a relevant health service, either by the
medical scheme itself, or by any supplier or group of suppliers of a relevant
health service or by any person, in association with, or in terms of an
agreement with a medical scheme."

The Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that a policy has to do (a) and (b), and,
where applicable, (c) before it does the business of a scheme.

The Medical Schemes Amendment Bill proposes that the definition should be
amended so that any policy that does (a) or (b) or (c) will be regarded as doing
the business of a medical scheme.

Need for cross-subsidisation

In his appeal to the Constitutional Court, Masobe said insurance products
attract young and healthy people out of medical schemes or to less comprehensive
medical scheme products.

Schemes experience a reduction in cross-subsidisation from the young and
healthy, and this results in costs increasing rapidly for the older and less
healthy, who remain dependent on registered medical schemes for their healthcare
cover, because schemes must admit anyone who applies, while insurers can refuse
to cover you.

The registrar also said the Supreme Court of Appeal's interpretation of the
Medical Schemes Act meant that about two-thirds of medical schemes currently
registered under the Act would be excluded from its ambit, and this would be
rapidly exploited by product providers.

Masobe described the Appeal Court's ruling as being "as clear as mud", because
it is not clear from the judgment on what grounds the Guardrisk products are
regarded as okay, and where the boundary lies between these and other products.

Herman Schoeman, the managing director of Guardrisk, says the real discussion
about gap products, the need for which judges in the Appeal Court case
acknowledged exists, will take place when the regulations under the insurance
Acts are drafted.

He says National Treasury and the Financial Services Board said the regulations
would be taken to Parliament's finance portfolio committee.

Until then, he says, Guardrisk is continuing to sell its policies.

Scott says the Council for Medical Schemes has failed to provide conclusive
evidence of how the short-term insurance industry's health policies are harming
medical schemes, and for this reason the SAIA is unable to engage with the
council.

He says short-term health insurance policies amount to less than R1 billion in
premiums a year, while the medical schemes industry collects contributions
amounting to R57 billion a year.

The proposed Insurance Laws Amendment Bill states that the Minister of Finance
will make regulations on health policies only in consultation with the Minister
of Health and after consultation with both the Council for Medical Schemes and
the Financial Services Board.

Information on health policies will have to be submitted to both the Registrar
of Medical Schemes and the relevant insurance registrar.

Scott says the SAIA will make representations to the Minister of Finance before
the regulations are promulgated. The minister is likely, however, to hear strong
counter-arguments from the Council for Medical Schemes.

The Medical Schemes Amendment Bill also paves the way for the Risk Equalisation
Fund for medical schemes, proposes a revision of medical schemes' benefit
structures and introduces stricter governance measures for schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           August 12, 1995, Saturday

Safety first when taking company line on pensions

BYLINE: Caroline Merrell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 705 words


Caroline Merrell continues to steer you through the pensions maze

Company pension schemes will from this year be subject to much stricter controls
because of new legislation aimed at protecting employees against fraud. For the
first time, members of company schemes will be covered by a compensation scheme,
which will protect them if the scheme they are in is defrauded and the company
they work for goes into receivership. Company pension schemes will now be able
to benefit from member trustees, which means that pension scheme members will be
able to keep an eye on how the pension scheme is managed.

The Pensions Act also means that, for the first time, schemes will have to meet
certain solvency requirements, ie, they will have to ensure they have enough
assets to meet their liabilities. All these controls, coupled with the fact that
the majority of company pension schemes offer guaranteed benefits to members,
means that, for many people, joining a company pension scheme will be the best
way of ensuring a good income in retirement. Company, or occupational schemes as
they are termed, are where the company pays into a scheme on behalf of its
employees. The majority of these schemes also require employees to contribute a
portion of their earnings into the scheme; these are contributory company
schemes. Some schemes are non-contributory.

It is possible to contribute up to 15 per cent of your earnings to an
occupational scheme. However, the majority of people contribute between 3 and 5
per cent of their earnings, simply because most schemes are designed to accept
that amount of money. Some employees opt to take out plans which allow them to
make additional voluntary contributions up to the 15 per cent. The additional
voluntary contributions can be made through the scheme offered by the company
itself or by the employee taking out a separate free-standing additional
voluntary contribution plan.

The contributions from both employer and employee are invested in a pension
scheme, usually run by a life insurance company. If the scheme is a final-salary
scheme, as is the case with more than 90 per cent of schemes, then these
contributions buy the member certain rights which will guarantee them benefits
in proportion to their final salary when they retire. In money purchase schemes,
the size of the pension depends on how well the pension fund manager invests the
contributions.

The amount of pension which will be paid as a proportion of final salary will
depend on the number of years of employment. It is also possible to take some of
the pension as a lump sum, although this will create a smaller regular income in
retirement. Company schemes can be contracted in or contracted out of the state
earnings related pension scheme (Serps). If the company pension scheme is
contracted out of Serps, then the amount that would have been contributed to the
Serps pension is deducted from the employee's national insurance contribution.

A contracted-in occupational pension scheme will allow the employee to contract
out of Serps using a personal pension. Company pension schemes have to offer a
guaranteed minimum pension (GMP), which means they have to guarantee to match
the benefits that have been given up through contracting out of Serps. The
scheme will also have to provide a widow's pension, the amount of which will
depend on the design of the scheme some will pay the widow or widower half the
member's benefit, others are more generous. The change in work patterns means
the vast majority of people will not spend their entire working life with one
employer. The question for those employees who change jobs and employers over
their lifetime is what they should do about accrued pension rights. If you leave
your company after being in the scheme for under two years, you can get your
contributions back. If you have been contributing to the scheme for longer than
that, you can either transfer your benefits to another occupational scheme or
personal pension, leave the pension frozen until retirement or buy a Section 32
annuity. The route which will be best for you depends on the benefits of the
scheme you are leaving and those offered by the scheme you are joining.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Newspapers Limited


                              51 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       May 6, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LDK Solar Announces Issue of Scheme Consideration to Ordinary Scheme Creditors

LENGTH: 329  words


May 6 -- LDK Solar CO., Ltd. ("LDK Solar" or the "Company"), today announced
that the supervisors, Tammy Fu and Eleanor Fisher, both of Zolfo Cooper (Cayman)
Limited (the "Scheme Supervisors"), of the scheme of arrangement in respect of
LDK Solar (the "LDK Solar Scheme") designated April 27, 2015 as the payment date
for all Ordinary Scheme Creditors (as described in the LDK Solar Scheme) that
elected to receive a cash distribution under the LDK Solar Scheme. The Scheme
Supervisors have paid all such Ordinary Scheme Creditors who provided settlement
instructions and continue to make cash distributions as and when further
settlement instructions are received.

The Scheme Supervisors also designated May 5, 2015 as the issue date for all
Ordinary Scheme Creditors that elected to receive non-cash consideration under
the LDK Solar Scheme. All such consideration has now been issued in accordance
with the terms of the LDK Solar Scheme.

As previously announced,

* the LDK Solar Scheme and the scheme of arrangement (the "LDK Silicon Scheme")
in respect of LDK Silicon & Chemical Technology Co., Ltd. ("LDK Silicon") and
the Hong Kong schemes of arrangement in respect of LDK Solar, LDK Silicon and
LDK Silicon Holding Co., Limited (the "Hong Kong Schemes") became effective as
of December 10, 2014;

* pursuant to the terms of the LDK Solar Scheme, the LDK Silicon Scheme and the
Hong Kong Schemes, the closing date for the restructuring transactions in
respect of LDK Solar's senior noteholders and LDK Silicon's preferred
shareholders occurred on December 17, 2014; and

* on April 21, 2015, the provisional liquidation of the Company was brought to a
successful conclusion and the joint provisional liquidators under the LDK Solar
Scheme, the LDK Silicon Scheme and the Hong Kong Schemes, Tammy Fu and Eleanor
Fisher, both of Zolfo Cooper (Cayman) Limited, were discharged from their
duties, each pursuant to an order of the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands.

Source: LDK Solar

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday
                                Surveys Edition

Dispute decisions ultimately to benefit medical scheme members

BYLINE: Michelle David

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 977 words


The medical scheme industry's practice of meeting benefits owed to members
through direct payment to medical service providers has been questioned, with
schemes refusing to pay service providers for accounts lodged for services
rendered.
 Generally, the basis for such refusal is suspicion of fraudulent activity. Yet
may a medical scheme refuse to pay a service provider that has lodged an account
for services rendered to one of its members?


 The decisions in dispute-resolution forums will impact on all stakeholders,
including members and the medical schemes themselves.
 Service providers have argued that the Medical Schemes Act, specifically
section 59(2), creates a basis for direct payment by stating that a medical
scheme may dispose of any benefit owing to a member - either to the service
provider directly or to the member - within 30 days of the scheme receiving the
claim.
 The issue is whether section 59(2) of the act merely allows medical schemes to
pay service providers directly or whether it obliges them to do so.
 The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), a regulatory body supervising private
health financing through medical schemes, has a dispute tribunal to which
members may lodge complaints, which would initially be heard by the Appeal
Committee, after which they may be referred to its Appeal Board.
 In Alimag Pharmacy v Registrar for Medical Schemes, the question raised was
whether a scheme could withhold payment from a service provider. In this case
the scheme was withholding payment to a group of four pharmacies for services
rendered, owing to a fraudulent claims investigation. The scheme alleged that
the act gave medical schemes the discretion to pay either the service provider
or the scheme member.
 The Appeal Committee disagreed, stating that there was nothing in section 59(2)
to suggest that a scheme could pay a member directly for an account that had
already been submitted by the service provider. The Appeal Board took the same
view.
 In both cases, the submission of an account by a service provider was
considered sufficient to oblige the scheme to pay that provider directly,
leaving the schemes with little recourse when they suspected fraudulent
activity.
 The Appeal Board differed when faced with the same question in Government
Employees Medical Scheme (GEMS) v Omphemetse Pharmacy CC. GEMS had given notice
to Omphemetse that it would no longer pay claims to it directly. Rather, GEMS
would pay any benefit owing directly to its members; Omphemetse would need to
recover payment directly from the members.
 Omphemetse subsequently lodged a complaint against GEMS, alleging that GEMS had
not paid moneys owed to it for services rendered to its members.
 The Appeal Board found that there was no automatic contractual relationship
between a medical scheme and a service provider entitling the service provider
to such payment.
 The board noted that a medical scheme existed and was registered for the
purpose of assisting its members in defraying expenditure incurred, in
accordance with the rules of the scheme, in return for contributions paid to it
by the member.
 Thus, a medical scheme may lawfully discharge its obligations owed to a member
by paying the service provider directly. But in the absence of a separate
contract between the service provider and the medical scheme, there exists no
legal nexus on which a service provider may enforce direct payment from the
medical scheme.
 The medical scheme has a duty to reimburse its members. The Appeal Board
explained that it was the member and not the medical scheme that was indebted to
the service provider.
 The board referred to the SCA judgment of Medscheme Holdings (Pty) Ltd and
another v Bhamjee, wherein it was found that Mr Bhamjee, a medical practitioner,
had no basis on which to demand that Medscheme pay him directly.
 The SCA appeared to recognise that although section 59(2) created a basis on
which medical schemes were allowed to discharge obligations owed to members by
reimbursing service providers directly, the section did not oblige the medical
scheme to do so where the provider had lodged an account with the medical scheme
.
 Hence, unlike the relationship between members and medical schemes, there was
no contractual or other automatic relationship between medical schemes and
service providers. Accordingly, for a service provider to hold a medical scheme
liable to pay an account, there would have to be an agreement between the scheme
and the service provider.
 How do these decisions affect industry stakeholders?
 To be ensured payment, service providers must either claim payment directly
from their patients or ensure that they have contractual agreements with medical
schemes, which will have to decide whether or not to enter into contractual
relations with service providers, which service providers and how many.
 Seemingly the only potential beneficiaries of these decisions are medical
schemes, since they will have more control over the payment of benefits.
However, the effect of fraudulent activities in the private medical insurance
industry must not be underestimated. It is estimated that the health sector is
defrauded of between R4 billion and R13 billion a year, with grave consequences
for member contributions.
 Hopefully the added control that medical schemes will have over disposing of
benefits owed will decrease the occurrence of fraudulent activities and decrease
the escalating costs of private medical aid membership.
 - , senior associate, and Rebecca Jansch, candidate attorney, Bowman Gilfillan
 It is estimated that the health sector is defrauded of between R4 billion and
R13 billion a year, with grave consequences for member contributions
 BITTER PILL: The Council for Medical Schemes dispute forums considered whether
medical schemes could withhold payment to pharmacies for services rendered

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2012 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 04, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Curatorship ends two-year fight over control of Bonitas

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 843 words


The parties that have been fighting for|control of Bonitas Medical Fund for the
past two years have reached a court-|sanctioned agreement to put a curator in
charge of the scheme.

The agreement ends attempts by the scheme's board of trustees to challenge its
removal in terms of a court order in|September last year, as well as various
court applications that arose from efforts by the Council for Medical Schemes to
sort out Bonitas's governance issues.

Since the removal of the board in|September, Bonitas - the third-largest medical
scheme in South Africa - has been under the control of its acting principal
officer, Gerhard van Emmenis, and Joseph Maluleke, an attorney from Pretoria law
firm Rooth & Wessels, whom the South Gauteng High Court appointed as the
scheme's compliance officer.

In terms of the settlement reached last week and made an order of the South
Gau-teng High Court, Maluleke will take over as curator of the scheme, while Van
Emmenis will continue as chief operating officer.

Maluleke's job will be to investigate the irregularities that led to the Council
for Medical Schemes applying to the South Gauteng High Court in January 2009 to
put Bonitas under curatorship. In particular, Maluleke will be expected to deal
with the scheme's involvement in an incomplete property development in
KwaZulu-Natal and other investments that put about R80 million of members' money
at risk.

The curator is also tasked with calling an annual general meeting to elect a new
board of trustees.

Bonitas's former trustees will not be allowed to take up positions on the board
of any other scheme or as principal officers, a statement on the settlement by
the Council for Medical Schemes says.

scheme's finances are sound

In its statement, the council emphasises that Bonitas is not in any financial
difficulty and that it is not at risk of failing to honour members' claims.
Bonitas has a solvency level of 37.5 percent, which is way above the legally
required level of 25 percent. The scheme is being put under curatorship only to
resolve its governance problems, the council says.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the registrar of medical schemes and the chief executive
of the Council for Medical Schemes, says the settlement means that Bonitas's
problems will be addressed in a concrete way.

In terms of the settlement, the former trustees of the scheme have withdrawn
their application to be reinstated.

The former trustees launched a court application against the council after the
medical schemes regulator tried to have them removed from the board in terms of
the Medical Schemes Act for not being fit and proper to run the scheme. The
council embarked on this action after its attempt to place the scheme under
curatorship was delayed when Bonitas's administrator, Medscheme, filed an
application to intervene in that court case.

The board tried to oppose the council's action, but the court found that the
board did not constitute a quorum and removed it. The court appointed Maluleke
and Van Emmenis to run the scheme.

In the settlement reached last week, the council has reserved its right to
resume its application to remove any of the trustees should they be re-elected
or re-appointed to the scheme's board.

Van Emmenis had launched a court application to stop the council from
investigating Bonitas's marketing company. This application has also been
withdrawn in terms of the settlement.

Curator opposed

Members of Bonitas and the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa, which
represents 15 percent of the scheme's membership, filed an application in the
South Gauteng High Court to oppose the appointment of Maluleke as the curator of
the scheme on the grounds that he was not experienced enough. Judge Nigel Willis
turned down the application.

Meanwhile, the Council for Medical Schemes has warned brokers not to move
members of Bonitas off the scheme, unless the move is in their best interests.

u Last week, the Council for Medical Schemes warned schemes not to discriminate
against members of the liquidated Protea Medical Scheme when they try to join
another scheme.

The Medical Schemes Act governs the waiting periods that may be applied if you
join another scheme within three months of leaving your previous scheme, and
medical schemes are not allowed to impose any other waiting periods.

Protea was liquidated last month. It had a membership of about 3 000
international students and 300 pensioners.

The scheme was initially put under curatorship in November last year. The
curator, Velaphi Petsana, says that after the scheme was placed under
curatorship the students were encouraged to leave the scheme, and their numbers
dwindled from about 6 000 to 3 000. The scheme's solvency ratio fell to 10
percent. As a result, Petsana says, it was not possible to save the scheme and
he decided that Protea should be liquidated before it reached a position where
it was unable to pay claims.

Gantsho confirmed that the liquidator is investigating financial and governance
irregularities by Protea's former board of trustees and its former principal
officer.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 27, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Proposal to weed out biased medical scheme brokers;
In an attempt to protect you from receiving poor advice from medical scheme
brokers who may currently be subject to conflicts of interest, the Council for
Medical Schemes is proposing a number of changes to the way brokers are
registered and paid. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 841 words


The Council for Medical Schemes has called for comment on a proposal to scrap
the current limit on commission that may be paid to a broker who advises you
about your medical scheme.

Currently your medical scheme can pay your broker no more than three percent of
your monthly contributions or R60.70 plus VAT a month, whichever is the lesser.

Your broker may also receive a fee from you but may not be paid by, for example,
your scheme's administrator, for signing you up.

The commission paid to brokers was capped in this way in an attempt to prevent
schemes, administrators and other parties related to your scheme from
incentivising brokers to sign up young and healthy members by paying higher
commissions for certain types of members.

The council is also proposing that in future brokers either register as
independent advisers or medical scheme marketing agents.

If your medical scheme broker chooses to be an independent adviser, you or your
employer should be responsible for paying him or her for the advice given at a
negotiated fee.

But if the broker is an agent of a particular scheme, advising on that scheme
only, the council is proposing that the scheme pay him or her.

According to a document entitled "Remuneration of Health Brokers: Revising the
Regulatory Framework", which the Council for Medical Schemes has published for
comment, of the R64.7 billion in contributions collected last year, medical
schemes paid R1 billion to more than 10 000 accredited medical scheme brokers.

Conflict of interest

The council says you should get the best advice and service for the money you
spend on broker fees, but because brokers are paid by schemes, it is possible
that a broker's advice may be tainted by conflicts of interest.

It says it wants to remove "perverse and uncompetitive practices in the market".

Schemes have an interest in incentivising brokers to encourage young and healthy
people to join, the council says.

Despite the cap on commissions that may be paid, schemes have found ways of
channelling fees to brokers, entering into other arrangements for other
services, for example, paying a fee for "marketing services", the council says

The payment of these fees is difficult to police, it says.

In addition, the council says, medical schemes and their administrators can be
"held to ransom" by brokers who influence you to join the scheme that pays the
highest incentives.

The contract between brokers and schemes also compromises the independence of an
adviser because if brokers don't introduce new members to the scheme they risk
having their contract cancelled.

Other problems

The council says another problem with brokers being paid by your scheme is that
you, as a member of a scheme, or your employer, are not sensitive to the cost of
broker services because your contributions are the same regardless of whether
you use a broker or not.

The commission paid to medical scheme brokers applies to all members of the
scheme, regardless of whether or not a member makes use of the broker or not.

Often your employer appoints a broker, and you have no say in who that broker
is, and yet that broker receives commission for all the employees who are
members.

Unless you inform your scheme to stop paying a particular broker, the broker
continues to receive a fee for ongoing services to you.

But as a member, you have no incentive to cancel the broker's contract because
you do not stand to gain anything.

Proposed solution

The Council for Medical Schemes is of the view that if you or your employer want
independent objective advice about which medical scheme to join, you should be
free to engage an independent adviser and to pay him or her whatever fee you
agree with that adviser.

Although it is proposing that the fee you pay be unregulated, the council says
the commission paid upfront for signing you up as a member will have to be the
same as the ongoing fee for maintaining a relationship with you and giving you
ongoing advice.

The council says this is necessary to ensure that brokers are not incentivised
to churn members between schemes in order to earn a fee or commission for
signing you up as a member.

The council is also of the view that schemes should be free to pay their
marketing agents whatever the scheme deems fit.

If a marketing agent advises you about a particular scheme, that agent will have
to inform you that he or she is a marketing agent and not an independent
adviser. You will then know that the agent will advise you about the options of
that scheme only and won't give you objective advice about other schemes.

The council says this is like you getting advice from a Telefunken salesperson
about a television. You won't expect the salesperson to give you objective
advice about a Sony.

You can, however, obtain information from a number of agents and decide for
yourself which scheme has the best offering.

The council is proposing that schemes be responsible for the advice given by
their agents. Independent advisers would be responsible for the advice they give
and would need professional indemnity insurance.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Pakistan: 103 development schemes approved in six months

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 1 -- The Punjab government approved 103 development

schemes at an estimated cost of Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December
31, 2013.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department

on Tuesday, an amount of Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes

of the road sector, Rs 245.882 million for five schemes of the energy

sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of the health sector were

among the main schemes approved during the period.

An amount of Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of District

Program Sector, Rs 51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation

Sector, Rs 4.500 million for scheme of Consultancy Sector were also

include in the 103 schemes.

Approval of Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education

Sector, Rs 210.987 million for schemes of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468

million for two schemes of Planning and Development Sector, Rs

2827.950 million for three schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311

million for schemes of Information Technology Sector were also include

in them.

An amount of Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs

Sector, Rs. 13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development

Sector, Rs. 3.383 million for schemes of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00

million for schemes of Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572

million for four schemes of PPH Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for schemes

of Transport Sector were also part of them.

Over Rs. 2.000 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450

million for two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for

schemes of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416 million for two schemes of Public

Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for schemes of Industry

Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum during the first

half of fiscal year ending on December 31, 2013.

As many as 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party

were conducted by P&D during the first half the financial year 2013-14

under the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes' financial health improved in 2010;
Medical schemes were less hard-hit by claims last year, enabling them to end
2010 in better shape. Laura du Preez reports on the Council for Medical
Schemes's latest annual report.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 842 words


Last year was a better one for|medical schemes than 2009: a lower ratio of
claims to contributions and a much lower operating loss contributed to healthier
financial results, the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2010/11,
released this week, shows.

However, the medical schemes regulator has again pointed out that an escalation
in medical costs without a concurrent increase in the use of medical services
highlights the need to regulate the provision of healthcare services.

Tariff negotiations between schemes and providers should take place, Dr
Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says.

The Competition Commission stopped the negotiations in 2003. Dr Aaron
Motsoaledi, the Minister of Health, is in talks with the commission about the
need to re-introduce the negotiations, Gantsho says.

Last year, the Department of Health released a discussion document on a proposal
to establish a|voluntary negotiating forum, but healthcare providers, in
particular private hospitals and specialists, objected to the proposal.

Contribution income

The annual report shows that last year schemes spent 11.3 percent more on your
healthcare claims and collected 13.7 percent more in contributions than they did
in 2009.

Contributions increased to R96.5 billion last year, from R84.9 billion in 2009,
according to the report.

The increase in contribution income was not only a result of an increase in
contribution rates but also the growth in scheme membership. The annual report
therefore provides the average gross contribution increase for all medical
schemes, which was 9.2 percent.

Schemes spent R84.7 billion on your claims last year, up from the R76.3 billion
spent in 2009.

After administration and other non-healthcare expenses were added to the cost of
your claims, schemes made an operating deficit, or loss (contributions less
expenses), of R459 million last year. This, the council says, was "a substantial
improvement" from the operating deficit of R2.6 billion in 2009.

In 2009 the percentage of contribution income spent on claims reached a high of
89.3 percent. This fell to 87.3 percent last year.

Although schemes made an|overall operating loss, investment and other income -
mainly what schemes earn from the reserves they are forced to set aside -
enabled schemes as a whole to end last year with a surplus of R2.9 billion.

The council notes that schemes are increasingly relying on investment income to
balance their books.

Last year, investment income was down on the 2009 level by 21.5 percent, but
schemes still earned R2.2 billion in investment income and another R1.4 billion
in other income. With the investment income, schemes' reserves grew by 10.4
percent, from R28 billion in 2009 to R30.9 billion last year.

The Council for Medical Schemes says there was a substantial improvement in the
financial performance of five large schemes, which made a combined operating
surplus of R1.8 billion last year.

However, the report notes that a number of schemes suffered severe losses last
year. The financial results show that 33 percent of open schemes and 20 percent
of restricted schemes made an operating loss.

Last year, schemes operated 338 benefit options, of which 192, or 56.8 percent,
incurred an operating loss. Of these loss-making options, 108 were in open
medical schemes, the annual report says.

The report notes that the operating losses of options with less than 2 500
members were 3.6 times higher than those of options with more than 2 500
members.

Solvency ratio falls

The average solvency ratio for all medical schemes declined by|four percent,
from 32.9 percent in 2009 to 31.6 percent last year, the annual report shows.

The solvency ratio of a scheme shows its reserves as a percentage of its
contribution income. Schemes are required by law to have a|solvency ratio of 25
percent.

The solvency ratio of open medical schemes remained unchanged at 27.4 percent,
while that of restricted schemes dropped by 9.7 percent, from 42.5 percent in
2009 to 38.4 percent last year.

The report says the solvency ratio of the Government Employees Medical Scheme
(Gems) fell last year, and this had a significant impact on restricted schemes'
solvency levels. Gems is South Africa's largest restricted scheme and the
second-biggest scheme overall.

Gems's rapid growth from zero to 1.4 million beneficiaries in five years has
prevented it from raising the required reserves in this time.

The report notes that while Gems has had a positive effect on the solvency of
open medical schemes (as reserves do not leave a scheme when its members do), it
has negatively affected open schemes' claims ratios, because government
employees who have left to join Gems tend to be younger, healthier members with
low claiming patterns.

Another indicator of how well schemes are doing is how much cash or cash
equivalents they can access to pay claims. This indicator is typically quoted as
the number of months for which the cash or near-cash assets would pay claims.
This declined from 4.4 months in 2009 to 4.1 months at the end of last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             July 09, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes can't turn you away |- registrar

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 425 words


The Council for Medical Schemes will not allow open schemes to contravene the
Medical Schemes Act's provisions that state that |they must admit anyone who
applies to join.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive of the council and the Registrar of
Medical Schemes, made this clear at the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF)
conference this week, adding |that restricted schemes are obliged to admit
anyone who belongs to the group for which the scheme was established.

Gantsho also told the conference that the Medical Schemes Act and its
regulations will be revised to improve the governance of schemes. Amendments
will be tabled in parliament this year or next year.

Some medical schemes "craft eligibility criteria to try to exclude vulnerable
and potentially high-risk groups and individuals from joining", but this is
tantamount to a contravention of the Act, Gantsho said. "Battles on open
enrolment go to the council's appeals committee and the independent appeal
board."

Good governance of medical schemes is a priority for his office, and the council
will not hesitate to act against schemes that are not well governed, the
registrar said.

Good governance means well-managed schemes, which means well-protected members
of medical schemes and a stronger health system, he said.

"We have noted with extreme concern the continuously high non-health
expenditure, especially with regards to legal fees, marketing, advertising
costs, etc."

He said the council can monitor schemes' annual general meetings and the
associated costs.

If governance is problematic, the council can take action to have a compliance
officer appointed to the scheme, hold an investigation into the scheme's
affairs, conduct an inspection of the scheme, have a curator appointed,
liquidate the scheme, deregister an entity providing services to the scheme, or
place a scheme under judicial management, the registrar said.

Gantsho said amendments to the Medical Schemes Act and its regulations will seek
to improve the governance of schemes by:

u Preventing schemes from making decisions by way of round-robin emails, rather
than a physical meeting or teleconference;

u Revising the relationship between medical scheme members and their brokers to
ensure that members pay for broker services only if they want them and enabling
members to obtain independent advice about medical schemes; and

u Improving the value of managed care services offered to schemes.

The registrar said changes to the Act and its regulations would be in line with
the implementation of National Health Insurance.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 10, 2003 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Schemes take over as buyers' first choice;
Investment Banking

BYLINE: Tony Damian and Neil Pathak, Tony Damian is partner, corporate, and Neil
Pathak is senior associate, corporate, at Freehills.

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 973 words


Takeovers are no longer all the rage when it comes to acquisition deals. Tony
Damian and Neil Pathak write that schemes of arrangement are now taking centre
stage.

Acquirers of Australian listed companies are increasingly using schemes of
arrangement to effect their acquisitions. Most recently, the Xstrata acquisition
of MIM proceeded by scheme.

The greater use of schemes has come at the expense of the more traditional
takeover bid. It is important that companies involved in acquisitions understand
the key differences between schemes and takeovers as well as the challenges that
schemes can face.

Schemes differ from takeover bids in a number of ways:

A scheme requires the approval of both target shareholders in general meeting
and of the court.

In takeovers, the bidder offers to acquire shares from target shareholders,
without the need for shareholder meetings or court approval.

Schemes can only be used in friendly, as opposed to hostile, deals. With a
scheme, a number of different ends may be achieved in the one transaction.
Complex mergers with many interdependencies are well suited to the scheme
procedure.

A scheme is an "all or nothing" proposition with an outcome known by a set date.
Shareholders must decide to vote for or against the proposal at the shareholder
meeting.

If shareholders and the court approve the scheme, the acquirer will obtain 100
per cent of the target. The timetable for a takeover bid is less certain bids
are commonly extended on several occasions before a significant number of
shareholders accept.

Compared with takeovers, schemes are procedurally inflexible. Changing the terms
of an acquisition midway through a scheme process (because, for example, a
higher rival bid emerges) is likely to require the parties to either go back to
court or to switch to a takeover themselves.

This can have devastating consequences for an acquirer in a contested bid
situation. It is, however, the difference in compulsory acquisition thresholds
which has received the most attention.

In a scheme, a bidder will acquire all the shares in the target if the relevant
resolution is passed at a general meeting of the target. That resolution needs
to be passed by a 75 per cent majority of shares represented at the meeting
(noting that not all shareholders will lodge proxies or turn up to vote their
shares).

The resolution also needs to be approved by more than 50 per cent of the
shareholders by number present and voting at the meeting (irrespective of the
different sizes of holdings of those holders).

Depending on voter turnout, the number of shares that can approve a scheme can
be significantly less than 75 per cent of all target shares.

In contrast, under a takeover bid, the holders of at least 90 per cent of shares
must take positive action to accept the bid before the bidder can compulsorily
acquire all outstanding shares.

While the 75 per cent compulsory acquisition threshold in schemes may be easier
to satisfy, the requirement of the approval of a majority of shareholders by
number imposes a separate and potentially more stringent test on schemes. It was
this test which caused some concerns for the Xstrata/MIM deal (which got over
the line, being approved by about 58 per cent of shareholders).

This requirement, which depends on registered shareholdings, is outdated and
ignores the widespread use of nominee shareholders by institutions (and
arbitrageurs).

The test is also subject to manipulation by share splitting. In this respect, as
in the case of the controversy regarding the number of registered shareholders
required to requisition an extraordinary general meeting, there is a strong case
for law reform in relation to the number of shareholders requirement for schemes
.

Another potential risk of using a scheme is that it will be challenged in court
on the basis that the scheme is being used to avoid the requirements of the
takeover provisions of the Corporations Act.

The issue of takeover avoidance has arisen in a number of recent deals,
including the MIM scheme.

Under the Corporations Act, a court must not approve a scheme of arrangement
unless it is satisfied that either the scheme has not been proposed for the
purpose of avoiding the takeover provisions of the Corporations Act, or the
Australian Securities

and Investments Commission produces a certificate to the court that it has no
objection to the scheme.

ASIC's stated policy is that it does not have a preference for the use of
takeovers or schemes.

In determining whether or not to provide the certificate of no objection, ASIC
will be concerned to ensure that the disclosure in the scheme booklet is
comparable to that of a takeover. It will also have an interest in any actions
taken under the scheme that would be prohibited under a takeover. For example,
ASIC opposed the Perilya/Ranger Minerals scheme last year arguing the takeover
avoidance point.

In that case, ASIC was of the view that by proceeding with a scheme, the
acquirer was circumventing the minimum bid price rule that applies to takeovers,
but not schemes.

On the facts of the case, the court found that there was no prohibited takeover
avoidance and that the scheme could proceed.

While schemes have been challenged in court by ASIC and disgruntled shareholders
on several occasions, no-one has managed to convince a court to reject a scheme
on the takeover avoidance issue.

Given the resilience of the scheme procedure and the approach of the courts,
mergers by scheme will continue to be an attractive alternative to takeover bids
when it comes to friendly deals.

What's the deal?

* Schemes need approval from a shareholder meeting and the courts, unlike
takeovers.

* There's not really any scope for schemes in a hostile deal.

* The result of a scheme will be known by a set date.

* There is a push for reforms to the threshold tests that schemes must meet.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: WARD O'NEILL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 19, 2015

Pensions: New report shows improvement in funding for DB schemes

SECTION: COMMERCIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 744 words


The Pensions Authority published an analysis of defined benefit (DB) schemes
last month and the results indicate that the proportion of schemes that meet the
funding standard has improved significantly in recent years.

However this has to be taken in context, that of many scheme closures with
benefit reductions and contribution increases in most of the remaining schemes.

Since 2012, trustees of DB schemes have been required to submit details of the
status of a scheme as to whether it is current, frozen or in wind-up, and set
out the assets and liabilities for the scheme.

Some of the findings from the data include:

-- The total assets and liabilities of the 703 current and frozen schemes are
respectively EUR 51 billion and EUR 51.9 billion;

-- The total assets and liabilities of the 50 largest schemes are respectively
EUR 34.8 billion and EUR 36.3 billion. This represents approximately 70 per cent
of the total liabilities of all active and frozen DB schemes;

-- 41 per cent of current and frozen schemes were reported to be non-compliant
with the funding standard (287 of 703);

-- Of the 287 non-compliant schemes, the majority have embarked on funding
proposals designed to ensure that the scheme complies with the funding standard
by an agreed date. The 'real' total deficit, ie excluding surpluses, is almost
EUR 5 billion, which is about 18 percent of liabilities of those schemes;

-- At the end of February 2015, there were 30 schemes where no funding proposal
was in place. For each of these schemes, the authority has begun the process of
deciding whether to use its powers under the Pensions Act to direct trustees to
reduce benefits or to wind-up the scheme.

Commenting on the data, the Pensions Regulator, Brendan Kennedy said:    It
demonstrates the continuing importance of DB pensions. Although most such
schemes are closed to new members, and many are frozen, these schemes
nonetheless represent by far the greater part of pension savings, and they will
continue to be important. It is also notable how much of the total is
represented by the largest schemes.

The data underlines the concern of the Pensions Authority about the ongoing
vulnerability of DB to investment market risk.    We recognise that some schemes
have begun to measure and manage their risks, including investment risk, and the
aggregate figures for asset distribution show some movement from equities to
bonds and cash since 2008,   said Kennedy.

He added,    The position shown whereby 59 per cent of DB schemes meet the
funding standard is a considerable improvement over recent years, though it must
be remembered that this improvement is the combined result of multiple factors,
including the closure of some schemes, and benefit reductions and contribution
increases in most of the remaining schemes. However, the aggregate scheme data,
as well as the figures for individual schemes, make it clear that the position
of DB schemes is very fragile.

Even where schemes meet the funding standard, they rarely have much leeway.
Furthermore, it must be remembered that the funding standard is a minimum, and
achieving the funding standard is certainly no guarantee that a scheme will
always be able to meet its liabilities.

The authority continued to be very concerned about the vulnerability of the
remaining schemes, even those that meet the standard. Many are exposed to
considerable risk of not being able to pay the benefits promised. We do not
believe that all trustees have considered this matter as thoroughly as they
should have,   said Kennedy.

Commenting on investment risk, he said:    Although some schemes have
considerably reduced their investment risk, the overall situation is one where
many trustees are relying on equities to outperform bonds in order to meet their
liabilities. This strategy entails considerable risk, and high risk is not an
appropriate approach to take where the benefits cannot otherwise be afforded.
This is a matter the authority intends to raise directly with pension scheme
trustees as part of a programme of increased direct contact.

Kennedy acknowledged:    Low interest rates make saving for retirement much more
difficult. What most people need from their retirement savings is a predictable
and reasonably secure annual income.

The very low interest rates at present mean that the cost of providing such
security and predictability is very high, and this applies both to defined
benefit and defined contribution arrangements.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 24, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Use a broker to handle your healthcare hassles

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1089 words


It is again the time of year when |you need to consider your cover for health
care.

Perhaps you need to choose a medical scheme to join for 2013, or you have found
your scheme's benefits inadequate during the past year and want to reassess your
cover.

Each year at about this time, medical schemes announce their contribution
increases and their benefit changes for the year ahead. These changes are a good
reason to review your cover and what you are paying for it.

Even if your cover was adequate, you should evaluate how effective your scheme
was and compare that with other options that could have been more
cost-effective, independent financial adviser Wynand Venter, of Wynsam Wealth,
says.

Also, your scheme may have introduced cost-saving measures, and if you are not
aware of them, you may miss out on these savings or may incur costs by, for
example, not using the correct provider.

Venter says there have been quite a few changes to schemes' chronic medicine
formularies (lists of medicines for which the scheme will pay) that will require
members to change their medication if they want to avoid paying part of the cost
of the medicine themselves.

You need to be aware of what your scheme is offering, as well as your own needs.

If you find it too confusing, are too busy to do the research or can't be
bothered to do it, it is a good idea to use a properly qualified healthcare
broker.

Venter says even if you are capable of doing your own research, good healthcare
brokers have a wealth of experience and can point out pitfalls you are not aware
of.

A good broker should be able to translate difficult term|inology for you and to
explain how the scheme's benefits |work in simple and understandable terms.

The broker should do a thorough analysis of your past, present and, as far as
possible, future healthcare needs, to fully understand what you require, and can
then give you a view on whether a particular scheme or option will suit you.

Victor Crouser, the head of the coastal division of Alexander Forbes Health,
says a good healthcare broker should contact you towards the end of each year
about your scheme's changes for the following year, and not rely on the scheme
to communicate with you.

He says you may also need to review your medical scheme cover after a
life-changing event, such as the birth of child.

He says an independent broker should be able to offer you a selection of at
least three schemes.

HELP WITH CLAIMS

Members often fail to claim from a medical scheme when they could, because they
don't understand the terms a scheme uses, Crouser says. A good broker should
help you to understand exactly what you can and can't claim for, he says.

Scheme call centre staff may have limited experience in the health field,
Crouser says.

"With every good intention in the world, they might not have a full
understanding of what the scheme is legally obliged to pay for. A good
healthcare broker will know the Medical Schemes Act, as well as the processes
and procedures followed within the medical scheme and will thus be in a position
to ensure that your claim queries are handled efficiently and effectively," he
says.

This is particularly relevant, Crouser says, when it comes to claims for
prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs), because claims for these conditions are
sometimes incorrectly handled by schemes, which may result in you paying for
something the scheme is legally obliged to pay for. PMBs cover all medical
emergencies, almost 300 life-threatening conditions and 25 common chronic
conditions.

A good broker should regularly guide you on obtaining the best value from your
chosen medical scheme, Crouser says. This could |be something as simple as
advising you to register on a chronic programme if you have recently been
diagnosed with a chronic illness, through to helping you with more complicated
claims, such as those for cancer treatment.

A broker should not just refer you to the scheme's call centre.

Venter says medical scheme brokers can advise you on how to educate yourself to
ensure you are not a victim of one of the few doctors or specialists who
overservice or recommend unnecessary treatments or tests such as operations,
scans, |X-rays and blood tests.

When there is a dispute over a claim, your healthcare broker has an obligation
to take up the matter with the scheme.

Crouser says a good healthcare broker will know how to use the scheme's
structures to address |your complaints.

If you are not happy with the way the scheme deals with the matter, a healthcare
broker can also advise you on how to take your complaint further using the
processes set out in the Medical Schemes Act, he says.

Another advantage of using a good broker is that he or she can provide an early
warning system when a scheme is in trouble.

Crouser says the South African medical scheme industry is extremely dynamic,
with many changes taking place and increasing financial pressure on schemes.

Besides the risk of a scheme going into liquidation or being put under
curatorship, many schemes are involved in merger talks. These mergers are
increasing, and they may not always be in your personal best interest, Crouser
says.

A good healthcare broker monitors the year-on-year performance of the various
medical schemes and the mergers. The broker will be able to guide you to a new
scheme timeously if your scheme is under severe financial pressure, he says.

A good broker will fully explain to you the differences in benefits between
those offered by a medical scheme registered under the Medical Schemes Act and
an insurance product that may, at first glance, look like a medical scheme.

A good broker will also explain that the longer you remain out of a medical
scheme, the greater your risk will be of facing higher contributions due to
late-joiner penalties - penalties added to contributions that are based on the
number of years you have not been a member of a scheme since the age of 35.

The rules relating to when waiting periods can be applied to your membership and
whether these apply to all claims, condition-|specific claims or only non-PMB
claims can be difficult to follow. A good broker will explain to you what
waiting periods you face and may be able to negotiate the waiting periods
applied by your chosen scheme.

Andre Jacobs, an independent consultant and the chairman of the Health Industry
Sector Group at the Financial Planning Institute, says more medical scheme
members are making use of healthcare brokers now than before and this clearly
indicates that members see value in the advice of their broker.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Judgment could force some medical schemes to close savings accounts

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 912 words


Medical scheme trustees may be forced to reconsider offering you a medical
savings account, or to limit your upfront access to the contributions you will
make to the account during the year.

The Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) warns in a letter to the Council for
Medical Schemes that this may be a result of the regulator's instruction to
schemes to ensure that, by January 1 next year, all medical savings account
money is in a trust account separate from a scheme's bank account.

Schemes and administrators say there are numerous issues of principle and
practical difficulties to implementing the regulator's instructions, and believe
that the council will have to revise them.

The BHF says separating savings account and scheme funds could affect schemes'
reserve requirements and this could result in schemes discounting your
contributions by an average of 10 percent.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes and the chief executive
of the council, says schemes have asked for clarity on various issues, but a
High Court judgment requires that the money in your medical savings account
should be ring-fenced and secured for your benefit.

The council's instruction that savings account money must be held in a trust
account follows a 2007 judgment that medical savings accounts constitute trust
money as defined by the Financial Institutions (Protection of Funds) Act.

The judgment enabled the Registrar of Medical Schemes to prevent the liquidators
of Omnihealth Medical Scheme from using some R33 million in members' savings
accounts to repay the medical scheme's creditors. The court held that the funds
in the savings accounts had to be repaid to Omnihealth's members.

In its September circular, the Council for Medical Schemes says that, according
to its interpretation of the Omnihealth judgment, many schemes are not complying
with the Medical Schemes Act.

What must change

The council says the judgment requires schemes to:

u Transfer contributions you pay for your medical savings account to a trust
bank account within seven days after you pay them to your scheme.

u Transfer monies from the trust fund to reimburse the scheme for claims paid
from the savings accounts after each claims run.

u Invest savings account funds only in short-term bank deposits or accounts.

u Accrue all interest or other income earned on the investments in the trust
account to your savings account balance, and not retain it in the scheme.

u Not recover their administration costs from savings account monies.

u Not advance you, the member, any money from the trust fund. Currently, many
schemes allow you to access from January 1 all the contributions you will make
to your savings account during the year - in effect, they give you credit for
contributions you have not yet made.

The council says schemes should make these loans from scheme funds and not from
your savings account. It says any bad debts on these advances must be recouped
from the scheme funds and not from the trust fund.

u Transfer to the Guardian's Fund the savings account balance of a member who
cannot be traced within a year of leaving the scheme.

The circular says it expects that schemes and their administrators will not have
to make major changes to their systems, but may have to change their rules to
accommodate its instructions.

The circular further says schemes that are unable to comply by next year can
apply for an exemption from the Medical Schemes Act and its regulations.

Schemes' response

The BHF, which represents schemes and their administrators, says while it may be
sound to separate savings account funds from other funds, the council's
requirements could result in trustees deciding to no longer offer savings
accounts, and this will negatively affect members.

Schemes may also be forced to allow members to use only the funds they have
actually contributed to their savings accounts - for example, only two months'
worth of savings by the second month of the year, the BHF says.

Dr Jonathan Broomberg, the chief executive of Discovery Health, says separating
savings account monies will raise many significant legal and accounting issues.

If medical schemes give members an advance for medical expenses, as they
currently do, they may have to comply with the National Credit Act. This would
be very inconvenient for members and would create an unnecessary administrative
burden, Broomberg says.

Currently, schemes use the interest earned on savings account balances to give
the advances interest-free, but they may not be able to do this if the interest
you earn on your medical savings account has to stay within a separate fund, he
says.

Overall, it appears the costs of the changes to members will outweigh any
benefits to them, he says.

The South African Institute of Chartered Accountants' medical schemes project
group says putting medical savings account funds in a trust structure could
result in these funds no longer being regarded as a scheme asset, and this could
affect the calculation of schemes' solvency ratios. These ratios measure
schemes' reserves as a percentage of contribution income. The contribution
income includes contributions to savings accounts.

The BHF says the lower reserves required as a result could mean schemes could
reduce contributions by an average of 10 percent.

The BHF says if the costs of administering savings accounts cannot be deducted
from these accounts, the administration costs could potentially be paid by
members who do not have these accounts.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Pensions provision still seems confusing for many employers;
PERSONAL FINANCE money talk

BYLINE: andrew farr

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1007 words


OVER the past few weeks, I have discussed final salary pensions, money purchase
schemes, personal pension plans and what options you have when you are about to
retire. This week, I'm gong to look at company pension plans.

So what is a company pension?

A company pension is a pension scheme set up and administered by a company for
its employees - simple as that. Ideally, employers should ensure that the
pension scheme they have satisfies the requirements of all staff, both young and
old. However, of equal importance, the employer's requirements are taken into
account and met. The employer will need to think about things such as costs,
administration of the scheme and what its legal obligations are.

The pension scheme may be contributory, from both the employer and the employee.
When it is, employees pay into the scheme direct from their salaries. Quite
often the employer will match the employee contributions. If this is the
situation, in virtually all cases a financial adviser will recommend that
employees join company schemes as soon as they can.

Company pension schemes can also be non-contributory. This is where the employee
doesn't pay anything into the plan but where the company makes all of the
payments.

Company pension schemes are going to be either final salary or money purchase.
Over the past few weeks I have gone into detail on the differences between the
two schemes. Briefly, as a reminder, the amount you receive in a final salary
scheme is based on your salary and the number of years you've been in the scheme
. In a money purchase scheme the amount you will receive upon retirement depends
on how much has been paid into the scheme and how well the money has been
invested.

Many companies are closing their final salary schemes because of the costs
involved; last week, the Prime Minister announced that there was to be a study
into MPs' pensions - including the possibility of closing their final salary
pension scheme.

Each company will have the scheme rules available to each employee.Iwould
suggest that you make yourself familiar with them when making deciding whether
to join the scheme or not. There should be a pension scheme administrator who
should be able to provide you with the information you require. One of the
things that the pension scheme administrator will be able to give you is an
estimate of how much you will get when you retire. This is important as you will
be able to gauge whether you need to make other financial arrangements as well
as your company pension scheme.

So what about the employer?

Despite the great fanfare of the Government's "simplification" legislation in
April 2006, for a great deal of employers, the provision of pensions for their
employees still appears confusing and difficult.

Probably the most pressing issue facing employers at who have a group scheme or
who are considering setting one up is the proposed National Pensions Saving
Scheme (NPSS).

The proposed National Pension Savings Scheme (NPSS) would lead to compulsory
pension contributions from any employer whose employees choose to remain opted
in to the scheme. The idea is that all employees who are not covered by "high
quality pension schemes" would be automatically enrolled in the national scheme
at some point in the future (probably in 2012).

This is likely to be around 12 million people who will be working for smaller
employers. People staying in the scheme, and thereby accepting the 4%of
band-earnings cost of doing so, would trigger off a compulsory3%of band earnings
contribution by their employer and a 1% of band earnings top-up by the taxman.
The NPSS would look like a 4% money-purchase contribution by employees matched
by a 4% compulsory additional contribution made jointly by the employer and Her
Majesty's Revenue & Customs.

The key issue for employers is whether their current arrangement falls within
the category of being a "high quality scheme" - if it doesn't, then it is very
likely that they will have the NPSS thrust upon them.

So what is a qualifying scheme?

While the full details are yet to be finalised, it is likely to include points,
such as mandatory registration as an occupational or personal pension scheme.
For money purchase schemes, payments from the employer are unrestricted but,
when combined with the employee contributions, it must be at least or more than
8% of banded earnings in a pay period/year. Employer contributions must be no
less than 3% of banded earnings while payments from the employee are not
absolutely specified and could be nil.

The NPSS will effectively be a one-size-fits-all scheme for all employees who
qualify (which is the vast majority). Therefore, employers who have in place
before 2012 quality schemes will be able to differentiate themselves to new
employees from other firms by showing a commitment to top quality, bespoke
pension benefits and not a generic scheme suitable for all and unique to none.

NPSS will not be like stake-holder designation, where a company could just show
that they have designated a scheme for clients who want to contribute and leave
it at that. Employees will be auto-enrolled, and if they decide to stay in the
scheme, employers will be compelled to contribute, with a small contribution
from the Government.

Each employer will need to consider their obligations as far the provision of
retirement pensions for employees is concerned.

What liabilities does the employer take on when introducing a suitable scheme
for employees? Do existing schemes comply with current rules and regulations?

These questions, the possibility of future compulsion regarding employee and
employer contributions and yet further changes to the state pension provisions,
make it essential for employers to seek independent advice in this area.

Andrew Farr is managing director of Cardiff-based Oakwood Financial Planning.
The views expressed in this column are personal and do not constitute advice.
Andrew can be contacted at andrew.farr@oakwoodfp.co.uk, or by visiting
www.oakwoodfp.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Pension liberation schemes were "occupational", High Court rules, as HMRC
tightens procedures

LENGTH: 897  words


The Court had been asked to clarify the legal status of the schemes, which were
linked to high-profile police raids targeting so-called 'pension liberation'
schemes earlier this year. The judgment is significant because for the first
time it clarifies the powers that the Pensions Regulator can use in relation to
these schemes. The regulator has the power to investigate occupational pension
schemes, and can appoint independent trustees to oversee schemes that do not
comply with regulatory requirements.


The judgment was handed down on the same day that HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC)
published details of enhanced checks to be carried out on occupational pension
scheme registrations, intended to crack down on illegal pension liberation.
Schemes will no longer be automatically registered once an online form is
submitted to HMRC, but will instead be subject to "detailed risk assessment
activity" before approval is granted.
Commenting on the case, Katharine Davies of Pinsent Masons, the law firm behind
Out-Law.com, said that it was "surprising" that it had taken so long for the
definition of an 'occupational' pension scheme to be tested by the courts in
this way. Davies was part of the team that put together the legal case on behalf
of Dalriada, the independent trustee of the affected schemes, which had been
asked by the court to argue that the schemes should be classed as valid
occupational pension schemes. The Pensions Regulator was asked to take the
opposite position, in a case in which the two parties were not technically in
dispute.
"These proceedings have been of huge interest to trustees and the wider pensions
industry, and the decision helpfully clarifies this important issue," she said.
"While clearly not condoning pension liberation, the court has recognised that
the schemes involved are occupational. This by implication affirms the Pensions
Regulator's capacity to appoint independent trustees to oversee dubious schemes
."
In a pension liberation arrangement, money representing a saver's pension rights
is transferred out of that person's existing pension scheme to a new scheme,
which may be based offshore. the money is then made available wholly or partly
as a cash payment back to the saver, while any funds remaining tend to be
invested in exotic structures that do not live up to the advertised claims.
Schemes often work alongside 'introducers' or 'advisers', which try to entice
members of the public through the use of spam text messages, cold calls or web
promotions promising them the opportunity to release a portion of their pension
savings as cash before the age of 55. Under rules governing occupational pension
schemes, an individual can only claim pension benefits from the age of 55,
unless doing so on ill-health grounds. Tax charges on unauthorised payments can
be as much as 55% of the value of the payment if the scheme member is under 55.

The Pensions Regulator is currently leading a Government-backed campaign
designed to raise public awareness of the risks of liberation schemes.
Participating bodies include HMRC, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA),
Serious Fraud Office (SFO) and the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).
In his judgment, Mr Justice Morgan said that whether the suspected pension
liberation schemes were occupational pension schemes, as defined by the 1993
Pension Schemes Act, was a question of both "purpose" and "establishment". The
first of these tests concerned the purpose of the scheme, rather than of those
setting up the scheme, and should be considered objectively based on the scheme
documentation, he said. In this case, the schemes met this test as the
documentation had been drafted with the purpose of providing benefits as
envisaged by the legislation.
On establishment, the judge said that although there was no evidence that the
schemes were providing benefits to employees in the conventional sense at the
time they were set up, the directors of the founding companies themselves were
'employed' by the founding companies even if they were not remunerated. It also
did not matter that they were not actually members of the schemes. Bearing this
in mind, the court did not need to decide whether the legislation required the
founder to employ someone at the time the scheme was established.
As the judgment was being handed down, HMRC published a policy statement in
relation to pension liberation on its website. Under the new policy, which takes
effect immediately, HMRC will check all pension scheme registration applications
before making a decision on whether or not to register the scheme. To help
scheme administrators decide whether to transfer funds into a suspected pension
liberation scheme, HMRC has also announced that it will respond to requests for
confirmation of a scheme's registration status without seeking consent from the
receiving scheme.
"Easy registration with HMRC was a significant weakness in the previous regime,
so this is a welcome development," said tax expert Ian Hyde of Pinsent Masons.
Hyde had previously said that HMRC should consider making sure that registration
with it was a sufficient guarantee that schemes managed by registered providers
were legitimate.
However, he noted that the policy change only applied to new registrations, and
that HMRC had not said whether it planned to review existing registrations to
the same standard.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

LDA takes over mortgaged plots in 18 private housing schemes

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 171

LENGTH: 287  words


Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has taken over mortgaged plots in 18 private
housing schemes in the city, as their developers had failed to complete
development works despite expiry of specified period given to them for this
purpose years ago. These plots would now be sold through open auction by LDA and
the revenue generated from it will be used to execute development works in these
neighbourhoods, disclosed a LDA's spokesperson on Tuesday.

These schemes include Ahbab Co-operative Housing Scheme Phase-I, Al-Assar
Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram Housing Scheme,
Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme, Fazal
Elahi/Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green Valley
Housing Scheme, Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing Scheme Ph-II, Khurram
Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF Farm Housing Scheme, Punjab
Government Servants Co-operative Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme
(North), Sunny Park (Ext)/Sunny Garden Housing Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon
Housing Scheme.

The LDA has warned other private schemes as well to finish development works at
the earliest otherwise their mortgaged plots will also be taken into custody for
auction and subsequent execution of development works.

Meanwhile, taking serious notices of the violations of approved layout plans by
the approved private housing societies situated in LDA's controlled area, staff
of the Metropolitan Planning Wing of Lahore Development Authority demolished a
road that had been illegally constructed in the land reserved for graveyard in
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore. The LDA has also filed an
application for lodging FIRs against this scheme.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 17, 2011 Saturday
                                   E2 Edition

Most people belong to medical schemes that do not have the reserves required by
law

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1052 words


Three of the country's largest medical schemes are among those with reserves
below the level required by the Medical Schemes Act, with the result that most
medical scheme members belong to schemes that are on the Council for Medical
Schemes's watch list.

This is according to the Council for Medical Scheme's annual report for 2010/11,
which was released last week.

The Medical Schemes Act requires schemes to have reserves of at least 25 percent
of contribution income. The reserves as a percentage of contributions is a
scheme's solvency level.

The solvency level of Discovery Health Medical Scheme fell from 25.5 percent at
the end of 2009 to 24.7 percent at the end of 2010. Discovery Health is the
country's largest open medical scheme, with 2.2 million beneficiaries at the end
of last year.

The Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems), South Africa's largest
restricted scheme, also failed to achieve a solvency level of 25 percent by the
end of last year - five years since it launched. The Medical Schemes Act gives
new schemes five years to reach the required solvency ratio.

When schemes are growing their membership rapidly, they often struggle to meet
the required solvency ratio. Although their contribution income grows as people
join, they cannot immediately increase their reserves by 25 percent of the
growing contributions to keep their solvency ratio steady.

Discovery Health's membership grew by 10 percent between 2009 and last year,
while that of Gems grew by 33 percent, the council's report shows.

Gems, which started with no members and no reserves in 2006, had grown to more
than 520 000 principal members, covering 1.4 million lives, by the end of last
year. The scheme's solvency ratio fell from 11.1 percent at the end of 2009 to
7.1 percent at the end of last year.

The council's annual report notes that Gems continues to monitor its benefit
design and implement measures to reduce the impact of claims on its reserves. It
has a business plan and submits monthly management reports to the Council for
Medical Schemes.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says Gems will struggle
to reach the required solvency ratio until the rapid growth in its membership
stabilises.

Claims higher than expected

Dr Eugene Watson, the principal officer of Gems, says the scheme paid R12.5
billion in claims last year. Contribution income was about R13.8 billion last
year, the council's annual report shows, and the scheme made an operating loss
of R204 277 after non-healthcare expenses.

Claims were higher than anticipated last year, particularly for out-of-hospital
benefits, such as optical benefits, which the scheme increased materially at the
request of members, Watson says.

The deficit the scheme recorded last year was driven mainly by the scheme's
second-highest Emerald option and the increased benefits for services such as
dental and optical, he says.

Gems' solvency ratio fell as a result of an increase in both membership and
claims, he says. Nevertheless the scheme held reserves of R944 million at the
end of last year, he says.

Watson says the Council for Medical Schemes has approved a business plan that
maps out how the scheme will manage its claims and build its reserves to a level
of 25 percent of contribution income by 2015.

The financial performance of Gems so far this year is substantially better than
both the budget and the targets set by the Council of Medical Schemes, he says.
In particular, the Emerald option is performing well compared with its budget
and targets, Watson says.

Dr Jonathan Broomberg, the chief executive officer of Discovery Health, says
Discovery Health's solvency ratio is still below 25 percent because the scheme's
membership growth is high - it is six percent so far this year.

However, Discovery Health says the new members are good for the scheme, because
they are generally younger and healthier than the existing members.

Discovery Health has reserves of over R7 billion, well in excess of what is
required for a scheme of its size, Broomberg says.

Last year, Discovery Health's contribution income was R27 billion and it paid
R23 billion in claims. Its operating loss was R24 million, but, after adding
investment and other income, it made a net surplus of R594 million.

Another scheme that experienced a big drop in its solvency ratio is Transmed
Medical Fund. Its ratio fell from 28.9 percent at the end of 2009 to 14.1
percent at the end of last year.

The Council for Medical Schemes's annual report notes that Transmed's high age
profile and high claims resulted in the scheme incurring large losses and
experiencing a rapid decrease in its solvency last year.

Transmed has been placed under close monitoring and has submitted its business
plan to the council, the annual report says.

The report also notes that the council has raised its concerns with schemes that
have high non-healthcare expenditure, low or rapidly declining solvency levels
and high claims ratios, as well as schemes that have failed to meet their
budgetary targets.

Besides Gems, Discovery Health and Transmed, schemes that had the largest
operating losses and a solvency level below 25 percent last year included
Keyhealth, Pro Sano, and Spectramed.

Highest administration costs

The annual report shows that, among the largest 10 schemes by membership,
Discovery Health had the highest administration fee as a percentage of gross
contribution income last year.

Discovery Health's administration fee as a percentage of contribution income was
9.9 percent. Bonitas and Fedhealth, both administered by Medscheme, came in at
8.6 percent.

Gems's administration fee was 4.9 percent last year. Gems's administration
contract was recently|re-awarded to Metropolitan Health after a tender process.

Broomberg says Discovery Health charges Discovery Health Medical Scheme a single
administration fee that covers all administration services, as well as the costs
of marketing, pharmacy benefit management and scheme management. Other
administrators charge schemes lower administration fees, he says, but they
charge separate fees for marketing, pharmacy benefit management and scheme
management.

On a like-for-like comparison, the administration fees paid by Discovery Health
are well within the range of fees charged to open medical schemes, Broomberg
says. - Laura du Preez

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Mutual Funds: NAV not an indicator of returns

BYLINE: Ashish Gupta

SECTION: FINANCIAL TIMES

LENGTH: 551 words


The performance of any scheme of a mutual fund is denoted by its net asset value
(NAV). The NAV is a yardstick used to sum up the performance of a mutual fund.

This measure is a key performance indicator for any mutual fund. It is the
market value of securities held under the scheme.

Mutual funds invest the money collected from investors in the capital markets.
Since market values of securities change every day, the NAV of a scheme also
varies on a day-to-day basis. The NAV per unit is the market value of securities
of the scheme divided by the total number of units of the scheme on any
particular day.

For example, if the market value of securities of a mutual fund scheme is Rs 3
crores and the mutual fund has issued 10 lakh units at Rs 10 each to investors,
the NAV per unit of the fund is Rs 30.

Mutual funds are required to disclose their NAVs on a regular basis - daily or
weekly - depending on the type of scheme.

The NAV is one of the main parameters used by investors while taking an
investment decision on investing in a mutual fund. Some investors prefer a
scheme that is available at a lower NAV compared to the one available at a
higher NAV.

Many prefer a new scheme which is issuing units at Rs 10, while existing schemes
in the same category may be available at much higher NAVs. In reality, in case
of mutual funds schemes, lower or higher NAVs of similar schemes of different
mutual funds don't have much relevance.

As against the NAV, investors should choose a scheme based on its merits
considering its performance track record, dividend history, scrips in the
portfolio, service standards, fund manager's track record, professional
management etc. For example, assume a scheme is available at a NAV of Rs 10 and
another scheme is available at Rs 100.

Assume both schemes are diversified equity-oriented schemes. Assume an investor
has put Rs 10,000 in each of the two schemes. He would get 1,000 units (10,000
divided by 10) in the first scheme and 100 units (10,000 divided by 100) in the
second scheme. Assume the markets go up by 20 percent and both the schemes
perform equally well, and it is reflected in their NAVs.

The NAV of the first scheme will go up to Rs 12 and that of the second scheme
will go to Rs 120. Thus, the market value of the investments will be Rs 12,000
(1,000 multiplied by 12) in the first scheme and the same amount in the second
scheme too (100 divided by 120). The investor will get the same return of 20
percent on his investments in both the schemes.

Thus, lower or higher NAV of a scheme and allotment of higher or lower number of
units within the amount an investor is willing to invest, should not be the main
factors guiding the investment decision of the investor.

It is quite possible that a better-managed scheme with a higher NAV gives higher
returns compared to a scheme which is available at a lower NAV but is not
managed efficiently. E f f i c i e n t l y - m a n a g e d schemes at higher
NAVs may not fall as much as inefficiently-managed schemes with lower NAVs.
Therefore, investors should give more weightage to professional management than
lower NAVs of any scheme. An investor may get more units at a lower NAV, but the
scheme may not give higher returns if it is not managed efficiently in the long
run.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

I&FC deptt violates AIBP guidelines; leaves 77 schemes costing Rs 341.56 Cr
incomplete

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: JAMMU


JAMMU, April 5 -- The violation of AIBP guidelines, prescribing for
prioritization of old schemes for completion before taking up new schemes, by
Irrigation and Flood Control (I&FC) department rendered 77 schemes, worth Rs
341.56 Cr, incomplete during 2007-14 across J&K.

The Irrigation and Flood Control department of the state in violation of AIBP
norms took up 50 new schemes worth Rs 236.27 Cr in 2011-12. These schemes were
taken up despite already having 27 incomplete schemes worth Rs 105.29 Cr taken
up during 2007-08 to 2011-12, thus leaving all schemes incomplete.

Besides weak programme implementation due to non-completion of 77 schemes
costing Rs 341.56 Cr on account of non-prioritization of works, the department
also showed poor functioning with irregular selection of 93 schemes,
unfavourable cost-benefit ratio in 18 completed schemes. In addition to it,
there was time overrun of one to seven years in 337 schemes, revealed the audit
for the year ended March 2014.

The audit noticed that 27 schemes of five divisions, estimated to cost Rs 105.29
Cr taken up during 2007-08 to 2011-12, were incomplete and despite this 50 new
schemes were taken up for execution by I& FC department during 2011-12 at a cost
of Rs 236.27 Cr, which also remained incomplete till March 2014.

These divisions included Irrigation Division Akhnoor, I&FC Division Rajouri,
I&FC Division Bhaderwah, Irrigation Division Budgam and I&FC Division Baramulla.

Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Programme (AIBP) guidelines prescribe that
eligible schemes covered under the programme during previous years would get
preference over new schemes proposed for inclusion during the current year.

Audit pointed out that the department without completing the old schemes had
taken up new schemes for execution and did not prioritize the schemes.
Interestingly the Executive Engineer Akhnoor stated that completion of ongoing
schemes and projection of new schemes is a simultaneous activity. Similarly
Executive Engineers Budgam and Baramulla in their responses said that schemes
could not be completed due to non-availability of requisite funds in a bid to
cover up lapse on the part of department which had not prioritized the schemes
for execution.

In August 2014, the department brought to the notice of Comptroller and Auditor
General of India (CAG) that new schemes were taken up for which a token
provision was kept in the annual plan in three Divisions viz., Baramulla, Budgam
and Anantnag.

The Detailed Project Reports (DPRs) of the schemes were prepared without
Preliminary Project Proposals (PPPs), non-recording of details of land required
and non-provision of clearance for use of electricity and electro-mechanical
works. The inadequate preparation of DPRs resulted in either mid-way abandonment
or non-functioning of completed schemes, observed the audit.

The observation was made after reviewing DPRs of 72 schemes (completed schemes:
40; ongoing schemes; 32) in 10 test-checked divisions covering an expenditure of
Rs 153.29 Cr (Completed schemes: Rs 50.47 Cr; Ongoing schemes: Rs 102.82 Cr)
ending March 2014.

These divisions were Irrigation Division Akhnoor, I&FC Division Rajouri, I&FC
Division Bhaderwah, Irrigation Division Budgam, I&FC Division Baramulla,
Irrigation Division 1st Jammu, I&FC Division Poonch, I&FC Division Doda, I&FC
Division Anantnag and I&FC Division Tral.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes approved in six months

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 360

LENGTH: 332  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an
amount of Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882
million for five schemes of the energy sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13
schemes of the health sector were among the main schemes approved during the
period.

An amount of  Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector were also include in the 103 schemes.

Approval of Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education Sector, Rs 210.987
million for schemes of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of
Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for schemes of Information Technology
Sector were also include in them.

An amount of  Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs.
13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383 million
for schemes of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for schemes of Information
Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH  Sector, Rs.
672.202 million for schemes of Transport Sector were also part of them.

Over Rs. 2.000 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for
two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for schemes of PPP Sector,
Rs. 671.416 million for two schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347
million for schemes of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab
Development Forum during the first half of fiscal year ending on December 31,
2013.

As many as 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by
P&D during the first half the financial year 2013-14 under the chairmanship of
Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes approved in six months

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 360

LENGTH: 332  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an
amount of Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882
million for five schemes of the energy sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13
schemes of the health sector were among the main schemes approved during the
period.

An amount of  Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector were also include in the 103 schemes.

Approval of Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education Sector, Rs 210.987
million for schemes of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of
Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for schemes of Information Technology
Sector were also include in them.

An amount of  Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs.
13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383 million
for schemes of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for schemes of Information
Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH  Sector, Rs.
672.202 million for schemes of Transport Sector were also part of them.

Over Rs. 2.000 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for
two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for schemes of PPP Sector,
Rs. 671.416 million for two schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347
million for schemes of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab
Development Forum during the first half of fiscal year ending on December 31,
2013.

As many as 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by
P&D during the first half the financial year 2013-14 under the chairmanship of
Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes approved in six months

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 01

LENGTH: 332  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an
amount of Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882
million for five schemes of the energy sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13
schemes of the health sector were among the main schemes approved during the
period.

An amount of  Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector were also include in the 103 schemes.

Approval of Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education Sector, Rs 210.987
million for schemes of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of
Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for schemes of Information Technology
Sector were also include in them.

An amount of  Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs.
13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383 million
for schemes of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for schemes of Information
Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH  Sector, Rs.
672.202 million for schemes of Transport Sector were also part of them.

Over Rs. 2.000 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for
two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for schemes of PPP Sector,
Rs. 671.416 million for two schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347
million for schemes of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab
Development Forum during the first half of fiscal year ending on December 31,
2013.

As many as 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by
P&D during the first half the financial year 2013-14 under the chairmanship of
Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

103 development schemes approved in six months

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government approved 103 development
schemes at an estimated cost of Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December
31, 2013.
 According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department
on Tuesday, an amount of Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes
of the road sector, Rs 245.882 million for five schemes of the energy
sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of the health sector were
among the main schemes approved during the period.


    An amount of  Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of District
Program Sector, Rs 51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation
Sector, Rs 4.500 million for scheme of Consultancy Sector were also
include in the 103 schemes.
 Approval of Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education
Sector, Rs 210.987 million for schemes of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468
million for two schemes of Planning and Development Sector, Rs
2827.950 million for three schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311
million for schemes of Information Technology Sector were also include
in them.
  An amount of  Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs
Sector, Rs. 13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development
Sector, Rs. 3.383 million for schemes of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00
million for schemes of Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572
million for four schemes of PPH  Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for schemes
of Transport Sector were also part of them.
  Over Rs. 2.000 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450
million for two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for
schemes of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416 million for two schemes of Public
Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for schemes of Industry
Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum during the first
half of fiscal year ending on December 31, 2013.
    As many as 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party
were conducted by P&D during the first half the financial year 2013-14
under the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Mergers lead to fewer, bigger medical schemes;
Do economies of scale and other advantages of being big necessarily benefit you,
the consumer? Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 875 words


The amalgamation of Bonitas Medical Fund and Pro Sano Medical Scheme this month
is the latest in a string of medical scheme mergers that have taken place over
the past few years.

Besides reducing the number of schemes overall, the mergers have led to a
decline in the number of small schemes, with less than 6 000 beneficiaries
(members and their dependants), and an increase in medium-sized schemes, with
between 6 000 and 30 000 beneficiaries, over the past 11 years, according to the
Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2011/12.

The number of large schemes, with more than 30 000 beneficaries, has stayed more
or less the same, but two supersized schemes - Discovery Health Medical Scheme
(DHMS) and the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) - have emerged.

DHMS provides health care to more than 2.3 million beneficiaries, while Gems,
which opened its doors in 2006, has 1.6 million beneficaries.

So what does the evolution of bigger schemes mean for you?

Alexander Forbes Health, in a recent edition of its publication Diagnosis, says
the emergence of a few dominant players is likely to have a distinct price
advantage for these schemes and will fast-track the further consolidation of
schemes.

Anthea Towert, head of scheme consulting at Alexander Forbes Health, says bigger
schemes can achieve economies of scale which facilitates cheaper administration.

Bigger schemes also have more negotiating power with provider groups such as
specialists, and when it comes to setting up networks, she says.

Healthcare providers who participate in networks agree to charge certain rates.
Members who use these providers are not liable for co-payments.

Towert says in this way large schemes stop being price takers. In other words,
they are no longer forced to accept prices set by providers, thus reducing the
cost of treatment for members.

In addition, larger schemes have larger risk pools, which reduces the volatility
of claims, and this reduces volatility in contribution increases, she says.

DHMS regularly uses its size to argue its competitive advantage over other
schemes.

Dr Jonathan Broomberg, chief executive of Discovery Health, the administrator of
DHMS, says that over the past 10 years open medical schemes other than DHMS have
lost some 1.3 million beneficiaries to DHMS or Gems.

Open schemes are obliged to admit anyone who wants to join, while restricted
schemes can limit membership to a group, such as employees of a company.

Over the past 10 years DHMS has more than doubled its membership from just under
one million beneficiaries to more 2.3 million. This massive growth has meant the
average age of DHMS's beneficiaries has increased at slower rate than that of
other open schemes, Broomberg says.

Over the past five years, the average age of DHMS beneficaries has increased
from 31.1 years to 31.8 years, while the average age of beneficiaries of other
open schemes has risen from 31.7 years to 34.8 years.

A higher average beneficiary age generally means higher claims and,
consequently, higher contributions by you.

Broomberg says DHMS has also used its large member base to reduce the cost of
certain healthcare services and products.

For example, he says, the scheme has negotiated medicine price reductions with
pharmaceutical companies in return for putting their medicines on the scheme's
formulary. As pharmaceutical companies by law have to set a single price for
medicines, the lower price benefits all consumers of that particular medicine.

Broomberg says that this year, DHMS has obtained price reductions of between 10
and 50 percent on medicines used to treat hyperlipidaemia (too much cholesterol
or fat in the blood), high blood pressure (hypertension) and renal failure.

A scheme that appears to prove that bigger isn't always better, however, is
Genesis Medical Scheme, an open scheme with about 12 900 members.

Genesis has reserves of more than 114 percent, it has a relatively low average
contribution rate, and its contribution increase for next year is a
below-inflation 4.95 percent. The increases are between R25 and R85 for an adult
dependant and between R0 and R30 for a child dependant.

Brian Watson, chief executive of Genesis, says one of Genesis's big advantages
is its lower administration costs (see "Does being bigger reduce admin costs?").
Watson also points out that the number of members in a scheme is immaterial if a
scheme doesn't have the money to pay claims.

He says the important question is whether a scheme has reasonable resources to
settle its claims, and this is less about size than about benefit design and the
risk profile of a medical scheme's members.

He says if Genesis and DHMS were liquidated, DHMS beneficaries would receive R3
112 each, while Genesis beneficaries would receive R10 810 each.

Watson says one of the reasons Genesis has been able to keep its contributions
low is it doesn't need to build up the required reserves, which many other
schemes are still doing.

The scheme also has a board of professional trustees whose fees are among the
lowest among open schemes, Watson says.

When it comes to negotiating with providers, Watson says, schemes can always
negotiate better rates if they pay more promptly than the 30 days that schemes
are entitled to take to pay claims.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             July 03, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Fedhealth to challenge medical schemes council on cost of PMB claims;
Fedhealth says payouts for prescribed minimum benefit claims should be subject
to a medical scheme's tariffs and not simply in line with whatever costs schemes
are invoiced by doctors and specialists. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 801 words


The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee will be asked to reconsider the
obligation on medical schemes to pay claims related to the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) in full regardless of the rate charged by a healthcare provider.

The issue affects your right to enjoy full cover from your medical scheme for
essential health care and the cost to your scheme of providing that right.

Schemes fear that the obligation to pay PMB claims regardless of the rate
charged could increase the cost of claims, which will ultimately affect the
contributions you pay to your scheme.

The matter came to a head with two Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Board
rulings late in 2008. The rulings held that schemes may not pay PMB claims at
the rate at which a scheme reimburses claims but must pay these claims at the
rate charged by your doctor, hospital or any other healthcare provider.

Now Fedhealth hopes to convince the medical schemes regulator to adopt a
different view by appealing to its Appeal Committee against a ruling made by the
office of the Registrar of Medical Schemes last month.

In terms of the registrar's ruling, Fedhealth was ordered to pay about R2 700
for PMB claims to two doctors who charged more than the rate at which the scheme
reimburses claims.

The surgeon and the anaes-thetist treated a Fedhealth member who had serious
injuries after almost dying in motor vehicle accident and who was in intensive
care for five weeks.

Katy Caldis, Fedhealth's chief executive officer, says Fedhealth has paid about
R650 000 of the member's medical bills to date, but the two doctors charged at a
rate that was above 300 percent of the guideline Reference Price List (RPL)
tariffs.

The maximum rate at which the option to which the member belongs pays for claims
is 300 percent. Most schemes base their rates on the RPL, and 300 percent is one
of the highest rates that schemes pay.

However, doctors and other healthcare providers are increasingly charging above
the rates typically paid by medical schemes, because they believe the RPL rates,
published by the Department of Health, do not reflect the costs of running their
practices. The RPL is being challenged in a High Court case in which judgment is
awaited.

The registrar's ruling against Fedhealth is based on a regulation issued under
the Medical Schemes Act, regulation eight, that states that medical schemes must
pay claims for PMBs in full and without charging members any co-payments.

There are different interpretations of what "pay in full" means, but since late
2008 the Council for Medical Schemes has followed the interpretation of the
Appeal Board in cases against Samwu-med, a restricted scheme for municipal
workers, and the Government Employees Medical Scheme. The Appeal Board is a
statutory body to which appeals against the council's Appeal Committee rulings
are referred.

Legal opinion

Caldis says Fedhealth believes the Appeal Board's interpretation of regulation
eight is incorrect.

She says Fedhealth and its administrator, Medscheme, and a number of other
medical schemes in February this year obtained a legal opinion from senior
counsel "which indicated that 'payment in full' as referred to in regulation
eight ... means that PMBs should be paid at full costs but subject to the
scheme's tariffs in terms of the scheme rules and not simply the full invoice
price".

The legal opinion the medical schemes and Medscheme obtained indicates that the
way in which the Appeal Board and, as a result, the Council for Medical Schemes
have interpreted or are interpreting regulation eight to mean that schemes must
pay the full costs of a PMB in line with the invoice price is beyond the powers
of a scheme as provided in terms of the Medical Schemes Act, Caldis says.

She says the senior counsel told the schemes that if they followed the Appeal
Board's interpretation, they would be acting illegally, because they would be
forced to pay claims outside of their registered rules.

Caldis says Medscheme, Fedhealth and a number of other medical schemes met with
the Council for Medical Schemes to convey the schemes' view on the matter based
on the legal opinion they had obtained.

The Board of Healthcare Funders, which represents medical schemes, met with Dr
Aaron Motsoaledi, the Minister of Health, and the council on the matter in
February this year.

Caldis says at that meeting the minister recommended that the words "pay in
full" in regulation eight must be revised to limit any unintended consequences.

She says Motsoaledi further stated that there must be a moratorium on all action
against schemes by the council until the issue has been resolved.

However, at a PMB workshop it hosted earlier this year, the Council for Medical
Schemes said that in its view the law as it stands must be followed until it is
amended by Parliament.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            December 8, 1996, Sunday

You can take it with you; Pensions

BYLINE: Abigail Montrose

SECTION: BUSINESS; Page  14

LENGTH: 961 words


If you are thinking of changing jobs in the new year, do not forget to check out
the pension arrangements . An occupational pension scheme to which the employer
contributes on your behalf, can add several thousands of pounds to your package.

With more than eight out of 10 people now believing that the Welfare State is
unable to provide adequately for them in retirement, a good company pension
could well be the best perk you will be offered.

Occupational pension schemes run by employers fall into two camps, final salary
and money purchase schemes.

Final salary schemes are the most common type of company scheme. On retirement
employees receive a fraction of their final salary for each year they have
worked for their employer. The maximum pension you can receive is two-thirds of
final salary.

Most schemes work on a 1/60th basis, which means you will have to be with your
company 40 years to receive the maximum pension of two-thirds of your final
salary. When you reach retirement you will be given the opportunity of turning
part of your pension entitlement into a tax-free cash sum.

Alternatively, your occupational pension scheme may be money purchase.  With
this type of scheme you pay a certain amount of your salary into the scheme each
month, usually 4 per cent of earnings, and your employer contributes an extra 6
to 8 per cent of your earnings.

This money is then invested for you to provide a pot of money when you reach
retirement. Your company will usually ask an insurance company to invest the
money for you.

The value of your pension pot at retirement will be based on how well your
investments have performed and not, as with a final salary scheme, on how much
you are earning when you reach retirement or how long you have been in the
scheme.

When you come to retire you will be able to take some of the money in your pot
as a tax-free lump sum and the rest must be used to buy a retirement income
known as an annuity. You can buy the annuity from a number of insurance
companies - it does not have to be from the same company as you built up your
pension pot with.

Whether your employer operates a final salary scheme or a money purchase scheme
you should find out how much pension income you can expect when you retire.

To do this write to the trustees of your company pension scheme and ask for a
forecast of how much your annual pension will be at retirement.  To find out who
the trustees of your pension scheme are, ask your manager or personnel officer.

Those in a money purchase scheme should receive details each year from their
trustees, who should tell you how much your pension fund is worth, how the
investments are performing and what size of annual pension you should be able to
afford with your pension fund.

Members of a final salary scheme need to ask their pension trustees for details
of what level of retirement income they are on course for.

Most of us change jobs five or six times during our working lives. When you
leave a company pension scheme, so long as you have been in it for at least two
years, you will be able to decide what happens to those contributions.  If you
want your contributions to stay in the existing scheme you should contact the
trustees of the scheme to find out the amount of pension you can expect from
those contributions at retirement. Alternatively, you may decide to transfer
your contributions to your new employer's scheme.

To track down the trustees of your former company pension schemes, contact your
old employer and ask for the details. If your former employer has gone out of
business contact the Registrar of Pension Schemes (0191-225 6393), which should
be able to trace trustees.

Once you have details of all the pension schemes you can expect to receive a
pension from when you retire, you can then calculate what your retirement income
is on course to be.

If you have contributed to only a few schemes this should be quite easy.  But if
you have pension contributions in several different types of schemes, you may
well need help in working out your projected pension.

Your pension department at work should be able to help you. Alternatively, you
could speak to an independent financial adviser but be prepared to pay between
pounds 100 and pounds 300.

How members of company schemes will gain control next April

In April next year a new Pensions Act will come into force. This will overhaul
occupational pension schemes and should give scheme members more financial
security.

One of the changes to be introduced will be the indexing of pension benefits.
Broadly, for many people in a final salary scheme, this will mean that when they
retire their pension payments will rise in line with inflation (up to 5 per
cent) each year. Those in money purchase schemes will also have an index-linked
pension.

The new Act is expected to lead to pension scheme members having more say in how
their scheme is run.

Pension scheme members will have the right to nominate up to one third of their
scheme's trustees.

The Act also raises the state pension age for women to 65 from the year 2020.
And pension rights will now be taken into account when a couple divorce.

The role of pension scheme trustees is to be extended to ensure that they
monitor the pension scheme closely and keep members in touch with any changes
occurring in their scheme.

The Pension Act is expected to have most effect on final salary schemes.
Employers offering these schemes could face higher administration and funding
costs.

The likely result of this is that a number of employers will switch from
offering a final salary scheme to offering a money purchase scheme.

Abigail Montrose


LOAD-DATE: December 09, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              75 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

47 piped drinking water schemes sanctioned

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, June 13 -- In the state, 47 surface water-based group piped drinking
water schemes have been sanctioned. Through these group piped drinking water
schemes, every family will be supplied through taps 70 litres water per day.
About 1.47 crore rural population will benefit from these schemes. Construction
firm will operate and maintain the projects for 20 years. Responsibility of
filing water tanks in villages everyday will also lie with the firm. Concerning
village drinking water sub-committee will operate distribution of water inside
village and recover charges. Beneficiary districts include Mandsaur, Ratlam,

Neemuch, Bhopal, Vidisha, Rajgarh, Dhar, Satna, Panna, Damoh, Chhatarpur, Sagar,
Tikamgarh, Rewa, Shivpuri, Datia, Jabalpur, Narsinghpur, Seoni, Agar, Dindori,
Mandla, Katni and Umaria. It is noteworthy that these piped water schemes were
sanctioned at a meeting of the state cabinet chaired by Chief Minister Shivraj
Singh Chouhan.

New surface water-based group drinking water schemes include Gandhi Sagar Group
Water Supply Scheme 1 and 2 which will benefit 1735 villages in Ratlam, Mandsaur
and Neemuch, Mahi piped water scheme 566 villages in Dhar and Ratlam districts,
Sanjay Sagar (Nehriai) scheme 151 villages in Bhopal and Vidisha district and
Sagad (Hinautia-Mali) piped water scheme will benefit 105 villages in Vidisha.
Kundalia piped water scheme in Rajgarh district will benefit 535 villages,
Mohanpura 400, Pahadgarh scheme 120 and Gorakhpura piped water scheme will
benefit 159 villages. Similarly, Satna-Bansagar (Bhadanpur Parasmania) piped
water scheme will benefit 1019 villages in Satna district, Kandela scheme 109
villages of Rewa, Matateela-Basai 263 villages in Shivpuri and Datia districts
and Agar-Malwa group piped water scheme will benefit 480 villages in Agar-Malwa
district.

Payli surface water-based group drinking water scheme will benefit 638 villages
in Jabalpur, Narsinghpur and Seoni districts, Bandola scheme 206 villages,
Siddhaghat-Sakri Morcha 96 villages and Sangam Ghat scheme will benefit 86
villages. Kundam-1 group piped water scheme will benefit 862 villages in
Jabalpur, Dindori and Mandla districts, Karanpura-1 scheme 84 villages in Katni
and Umaria and Indwar-1 scheme will supply drinking water to 118 villages in
Umaria district.

Total 4839 villalges of Sagar division will be connected with 31 drinking water
supply schemes. Bakaswaha scheme will benefit 299 villages in Chhatarpur, Damoh
and Sagar districts, Shahgarh Banda-1 scheme 139 villages in Sagar and
Chhatarpur, Bebas-Sunara-2 scheme 215 villages in Damoh and Sagar districts,
Pareli-Garoli (Dhasan) 258 villages in Tikamgarh and Chhatarpur districts,
Samnapur-Satdhara (Deori) scheme 227 vilalges in Sagar district, Kesli 170
villages, Shahgarh Banda-2 scheme 74 villages, Rehali 115, Madia
(Rahatgarh-Jaicee Nagar) 276 villages, Garhakota 108, Malthon 122, Sanaudha-2
scheme 71 villages and Chakarpur (Bina-Khurai) will supply piped drinking water
to 331 villages. In Chhatarpur district, Kuter (Rajnagar) piped water scheme
will benefit 133 villages, Bansujara (Bada Malehra) 120, Bijawar 99 and Lavkush
Nagar (Ken / Gaurihar) piped water scheme will benefit 158 villages.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              May 30, 2011 Monday

Don't base investment decision on NAV

BYLINE: Ashish Gupta

SECTION: FINANCIAL TIMES

LENGTH: 529 words


Net asset value (NAV) is one of the main metrics used by investors while taking
an investment decision on a mutual fund. Mutual funds invest the money collected
from investors in the capital markets . Since the market values of securities
change every day, the NAV of a scheme also varies on day-to-day basis.

The performance of a particular scheme of a mutual fund is reflected in its NAV.
The NAV is the common denominator used to sum up the performance of a mutual
fund. This measure is a key performance indicator for any mutual fund. It is the
market value of the securities held under the scheme.

The NAV of a unit is the market value of securities held by the scheme divided
by the total number of units in the scheme on any particular date. For example,
if the market value of securities held by a mutual fund scheme is Rs 3 crores
and the mutual fund has issued 10 lakh units at Rs 10 each to investors, the NAV
per unit of the fund is Rs 30 (3 crores divided by 10 lakhs). Mutual funds are
required to disclose their NAVs on a regular basis.

Many investors have the tendency to pick a scheme that is available at a lower
NAV compared to one available at a higher NAV. Many a time, they prefer a new
scheme that is issuing units at Rs 10, while existing schemes in the same
category may be available at much higher NAVs. In reality, in case of mutual
funds schemes, lower or higher NAVs of similar schemes of different mutual funds
don't have much relevance. As against the NAV, you should choose a scheme based
on its merits considering performance track record, dividend history, scrips in
the portfolio , service standards, fund manager's track record, professional
management etc.

For example, Scheme A is available at a NAV of Rs 10 and Scheme B at Rs 100.
Both schemes are diversified equity-oriented schemes. If an investor has put Rs
10,000 in each of the two schemes, he would get 1,000 units (10,000 divided by
10) in Scheme A and 100 units (10,000 divided by 100) in Scheme B.

Assume the markets go up by 20 percent , and both the schemes perform equally
well and is reflected in their NAVs. The NAV of Scheme A will go up to Rs 12 and
that of Scheme B to Rs 120. Thus, the market value of investments will be Rs
12,000 (1,000 multiplied by 12) in Scheme A and the same Rs 12,000 in Scheme B
(100 multiplied by 120) too.

The investor gets the same returns of 20 percent on his investment in both the
schemes. Thus, lower or higher NAV of a scheme and allotment of higher or lower
number of units within the amount an investor is willing to invest, should not
be the main factor for guiding the investment decision.

It is quite possible that a better-managed scheme with a higher NAV may give
higher returns compared to a scheme which is available at a lower NAV but is not
managed efficiently. An efficiently-managed scheme at a higher NAV may not fall
as much as an inefficientlymanaged scheme with a lower NAV. Therefore, you
should give more weightage to the management of a scheme instead of NAV. You may
get more units at a lower NAV, but the scheme may not give high returns if it is
not managed efficiently in the long run.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday

Don't base investment decision on NAV

BYLINE: Ashish Gupta

SECTION: FINANCIAL TIMES

LENGTH: 529 words


Net asset value (NAV) is one of the main metrics used by investors while taking
an investment decision on a mutual fund. Mutual funds invest the money collected
from investors in the capital markets . Since the market values of securities
change every day, the NAV of a scheme also varies on day-to-day basis.

The performance of a particular scheme of a mutual fund is reflected in its NAV.
The NAV is the common denominator used to sum up the performance of a mutual
fund. This measure is a key performance indicator for any mutual fund. It is the
market value of the securities held under the scheme.

The NAV of a unit is the market value of securities held by the scheme divided
by the total number of units in the scheme on any particular date. For example,
if the market value of securities held by a mutual fund scheme is Rs 3 crores
and the mutual fund has issued 10 lakh units at Rs 10 each to investors, the NAV
per unit of the fund is Rs 30 (3 crores divided by 10 lakhs). Mutual funds are
required to disclose their NAVs on a regular basis.

Many investors have the tendency to pick a scheme that is available at a lower
NAV compared to one available at a higher NAV. Many a time, they prefer a new
scheme that is issuing units at Rs 10, while existing schemes in the same
category may be available at much higher NAVs. In reality, in case of mutual
funds schemes, lower or higher NAVs of similar schemes of different mutual funds
don't have much relevance. As against the NAV, you should choose a scheme based
on its merits considering performance track record, dividend history, scrips in
the portfolio , service standards, fund manager's track record, professional
management etc.

For example, Scheme A is available at a NAV of Rs 10 and Scheme B at Rs 100.
Both schemes are diversified equity-oriented schemes. If an investor has put Rs
10,000 in each of the two schemes, he would get 1,000 units (10,000 divided by
10) in Scheme A and 100 units (10,000 divided by 100) in Scheme B.

Assume the markets go up by 20 percent , and both the schemes perform equally
well and is reflected in their NAVs. The NAV of Scheme A will go up to Rs 12 and
that of Scheme B to Rs 120. Thus, the market value of investments will be Rs
12,000 (1,000 multiplied by 12) in Scheme A and the same Rs 12,000 in Scheme B
(100 multiplied by 120) too.

The investor gets the same returns of 20 percent on his investment in both the
schemes. Thus, lower or higher NAV of a scheme and allotment of higher or lower
number of units within the amount an investor is willing to invest, should not
be the main factor for guiding the investment decision.

It is quite possible that a better-managed scheme with a higher NAV may give
higher returns compared to a scheme which is available at a lower NAV but is not
managed efficiently. An efficiently-managed scheme at a higher NAV may not fall
as much as an inefficientlymanaged scheme with a lower NAV. Therefore, you
should give more weightage to the management of a scheme instead of NAV. You may
get more units at a lower NAV, but the scheme may not give high returns if it is
not managed efficiently in the long run.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Look at a breakdown of membership profiles

BYLINE: LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 516 words


When you choose a medical scheme, you need to consider its membership base
including the number of members and their average age.

The competitiveness of a scheme largely depends on how many members it has and
whether it has a good balance between healthy and sick members and younger and
older members.

Here are some of the things you should consider and the reasons why.

The size of the scheme

When it comes to choosing a medical scheme, bigger is often better.

Bigger schemes typically have a more diverse membership base, and the high
number of claims of the older, sicker members are easily offset by the
contributions of the younger, healthier members who don't claim a lot.

Schemes with many members are said to have better cross-subsidisation.

Larger medical schemes typically have more reserves and greater contribution
income and this gives them a degree of protection during periods when the scheme
experiences high claims.

Another argument in favour of size is that schemes can achieve economies of
scale and have bargaining power when negotiating the tariffs they pay healthcare
service providers and suppliers.

Membership growth

Besides checking up on the number of members who belong to a scheme, consider
whether the number of members is growing.

A scheme should always be growing its membership base because if it does not,
its population will get older each year and the cost of claims will increase.
Schemes need to continually attract younger members to subsidise older ones.

A reduction in membership could indicate that members are unhappy with the
scheme's administration or its benefits.

A scheme should, however, not be growing at all costs. Often an indication that
a scheme is doing this is if it is allowing new members to join without waiting
periods. Such growth can ultimately be detrimental to the scheme.

Average age/pensioner ratio

Another important factor is the average age of a scheme's members and its
pensioner ratio. Look at the average age of membership compared to other medical
schemes.

Schemes with high pensioner ratios are likely to have higher claims and may be
more expensive. If the average age of a scheme is lower than the industry
average, it is likely to have lower claims than other schemes and may offer more
competitive rates and benefits.

Government employees

Medical schemes with a high proportion of government employees among their
members face losing them to the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems).

Since July 2006, the government has been incentivising its employees to join
Gems by offering a more favourable subsidy of their contributions.

Open medical schemes have very different levels of government employees among
their members.

The ratings agency Global Credit Ratings publishes a table showing the exposure
to government employees in the 24 open medical schemes it surveys.

Schemes that have a high percentage of government employee members stand losing
them to Gems - which in some cases could mean the scheme loses its critical mass
and could also affect the scheme negatively because government employees are
generally low-claiming members.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 22, 2016 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

State medical aid may go bust

BYLINE: BRONWYN NORTJE

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 924  words


State medical aid may go bust

Government employees face dire consequences over low solvency

THE Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) could be insolvent by financial
year-end if drastic cost-containment measures are not instituted.

This would mean the scheme would need to be bailed out by the Treasury or
amalgamated into a different scheme, forcing significant changes in benefits for
its 1.8-million members.

It would be a big blow to those in government who hoped the scheme could provide
a viable funding model for the proposed National Health Insurance.

It would also be an embarrassment for the Council of Medical Schemes, which has
used its discretion to avoid putting the scheme under curatorship, despite its
longstanding failure to meet the industry's minimum statutory requirements.

Several sources within the industry, who spoke to Business Day on condition of
anonymity, claim the scheme's solvency ratio has plummeted in the first eight
months of 2016, and may be as low as 5% or 6% - almost 20percentage points below
the required level.

Internal documents that Business Day has seen, show if the current trend
continues, the schemes' deficit for 2016 could increase to R1.2bn, and its
reserves could fall as low as 2% by February 2017. This was confirmed by a
second independent industry source.

The scheme's strained financial position means that if it is to survive, its
members will face contribution increases that are almost double inflation, and
will have their benefits curtailed drastically. The scheme's principal officer,
Guni Goolab, confirmed last week benefit redesign was already under way, and the
scheme would introduce underwriting for the first time to protect itself from
entry selection.

According to the internal communication, the scheme & would need a 15%
contribution increase to balance the books. It is hoping for a 2%-3% decrease in
this increase to be made possible by intensified managed care and benefit
design.& It will also introduce co-payments on some procedures, such as
Caesarean sections.

Goolab was unwilling to respond to claims that the scheme's current solvency
ratio is in the region of 5-6%, but disclosed that reserves had declined to
9.46% at the end of December 2015. Since then, reserves have fallen further.

& In the last six months, we have picked up a significant increase in our
claims,& Goolab said. & We have seen a decrease in reserves during this year but
it is being managed.& Regulation 29 of the Medical Schemes Act requires all
medical schemes to maintain accumulated funds of at least 25% of gross annual
contributions in reserves. Medical schemes that fall short of this requirement
are required to notify the Council of Medical Schemes of the underlying causes
of failure, and corrective action to be taken.

According to the medical schemes council, a scheme is placed on close monitoring
if it continues to have a solvency of less than 25%.

& The scheme will have to provide reasons for the low solvency, as well as a
business plan on how it proposes to increase the solvency,& said council
spokeswoman Elsabe Conradie. The scheme has, however, never met the statutory
minimum reserve

Continued on page 2

requirements since it was launched in 2006. In a 2015 annual report, the council
said that as at December 31 2014, the scheme's solvency ratio had fallen to 10%,
from 11.7% in 2013.

An independent industry source has stated that if the scheme solvency is
currently at 5%, it will require annual contribution increases of about 14% for
the scheme to reach the statutory 25% level by 2020, failing which benefits will
also have to be reduced.

Historically, the scheme's reserve levels have been low due to rapid membership
growth during its early years. However, the recent industry-wide spike in claims
has made matters worse.

A big concern for the scheme was a lack of reason for the sudden rise in claims,
Goolab said.

& Over the past several years, Gems's demographic and risk profile has remained
stable. However, we have seen an increase in the number of members who join for
only a few months,& said Goolab.

In 2015, the scheme identified 5,000 members who joined the scheme for less than
a year. Of those members, almost 70% were admitted to hospital - way above the
industry average.

Goolab says the scheme claims ratio was more than 90%.

& We experienced abnormally high claim rates in February and April, primarily as
a result of a higher number of hospital admissions,& said Goolab.

& We were proactive in alerting the council to that and they told us that this
an industry-wide problem,& he said.

The medical schemes council said Gems had an approved business plan in place,
and projects that it will reach the 25% solvency level by 2020.

Should the scheme not be successful in the implementation of the proposed
business plan, the Council of Medical Schemes would & engage with the scheme to
consider reasons for the scheme not keeping to its business plan& Conradie said.

Unlike other medical schemes, Gems has never imposed waiting periods or
underwriting exclusions. This practice means that members can join the scheme
and have immediate access to full benefits, irrespective of pre- existing health
conditions.

The medical schemes council is currently reviewing the solvency requirement for
the industry as there has been criticism that it is too high.

The council said that the implementation of a new risk-based solvency framework
would benefit schemes such as Gems, as it would, in general, require large
schemes to hold reserves below the 25% solvency requirement.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

Deposit Insurance and Policy Owner's Protection Schemes Bill 2011 Second Reading
Speech by Mr Lim Hng Kiang, Minister for Trade and Industry and Deputy Chairman,
Monetary Authority of Singapore

LENGTH: 1727  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 12 -- Monetary Authority of Singapore has issued following
Deposit Insurance and Policy Owner's Protection Schemes Bill 2011

Second Reading Speech by Mr Lim Hng Kiang, Minister for Trade and Industry and
Deputy Chairman, Monetary Authority of Singapore:

1 Mr Speaker Sir, on behalf of the Senior Minister, I beg to move that the Bill
be now read a second time.

2 This Bill enhances existing protection schemes for depositors and insurance
policy owners, and brings them together into a single piece of legislation. The
Deposit Insurance Act which established the Deposit Insurance ("DI") Scheme, as
well as provisions under the Insurance Act relating to the Policy Owners'
Protection ("PPF") Scheme, will be repealed as a result.

3 The proposed enhancements in this Bill will strengthen the protection of
depositors and owners of insurance policies. In developing the enhancements, MAS
consulted the industry and the public and, where appropriate, incorporated their
feedback in the key features of the Schemes. MAS also took into consideration
lessons learned internationally during the recent global financial crisis.

Background

4 Mr Speaker Sir, I will first provide some background to the existing DI and
PPF schemes.

5 The DI Scheme in Singapore was implemented in 2006. It aimed to provide a
basic level of protection to small depositors. A DI Fund, built up through
regular contributions levied on the full banks and finance companies who are
Scheme members, would help ensure that depositors can receive quick compensation
on their deposits up to the coverage limit without having to wait for the
outcome of the Scheme member's liquidation process. The Scheme was also designed
to keep the cost of providing deposit insurance manageable, while preserving
incentives for large depositors to continue to exercise market discipline.

6 At present, the DI Scheme insures Singapore dollar deposits of individuals and
charities in current, savings and fixed deposit accounts held with a full bank
or finance company, up to S$20,000 per insured depositor per Scheme member. This
was sufficient to fully cover 86% of insured depositors when the Scheme was
first designed, which was within international norms of 80-90%.

7 A separate scheme - the Policy Owners' Protection ("PPF") Scheme - exists to
protect insurance policy owners. The PPF Scheme is provided for in the Insurance
Act to compensate policy owners of life policies and compulsory insurance
policies1 in the event that their insurer fails. The existing PPF Scheme covers
90% of the liabilities for life policies and 100% of the liabilities for
compulsory insurance policies. The Scheme is currently post-funded. This means
that PPF levies will be collected from PPF member insurers only when there is a
payout following the failure of an insurer.

8 The PPF Scheme provides policy owners with certainty as to how much of their
policy monies will be protected and also whether the losses they have incurred
from insured events will be compensated, should their insurer fail. Besides
alleviating financial distress to individual policy owners, the PPF Scheme
supports public confidence in the insurance industry and helps limit possible
disruption to the economy.

Key Provisions

9 To ensure that the DI and PPF Schemes continue to provide adequate protection
to depositors and policy owners, several enhancements are proposed. Mr Speaker
Sir, I will now go through the key provisions of this Bill.

DI Scheme

Coverage

10 There are two main changes to DI coverage.

11 First, the coverage of the Scheme will be expanded from insuring only
individuals and charities, to insuring all non-bank depositors. This means that
deposits of sole proprietorships, partnerships, companies and unincorporated
entities will be insured up to the coverage limit. This will mitigate potential
cash flow problems of small business depositors in the event of a bank failure,
which is in line with the Scheme's primary objective of protecting small
depositors.

12 Second, the maximum level of coverage under the DI Scheme will be raised from
S$20,000 to S$50,000 per depositor per DI Scheme member. The separate coverage
of monies placed under the CPF Investment Scheme and CPF Minimum Sum Scheme will
also be raised from S$20,000 to S$50,000.

13 With the increased S$50,000 coverage limit, the proportion of insured
depositors that are fully insured will be raised to 91%.

Gross Payout

14 In addition, under the enhanced Scheme, depositors will be paid the gross
amount of their insured deposits up to the DI coverage limit, without first
netting off their liabilities to the Scheme member. Gross DI payout contributes
to greater confidence and stability in a distressed situation as it is easier
for depositors to understand and is operationally faster. It also allows
depositors to have quick access to the full amount of their insured deposits up
to the coverage limit, mitigating potential cash flow difficulties they may
face. If payout is on a net basis, a depositor who has a loan with the same
Scheme member may receive partial payout, or no payout if his loan is larger
than his deposit, thereby limiting the effectiveness of the Scheme in protecting
small depositors. The depositor, however, still remains responsible for any
liabilities owed to the Scheme member. The Scheme member's liquidator will be
empowered to recover these liabilities from the depositor.

PPF Scheme

15 Sir, I will now explain the enhancements to the PPF Scheme.

Coverage

16 First, the scope of coverage will be expanded. Currently the PPF Scheme only
covers life policies written by life insurers as well as compulsory motor third
party injury and work injury compensation insurance policies. The PPF Scheme
will be extended to cover all accident and health ("A&H") policies written by
life insurers and Singapore policies of specified personal lines written by
general insurers. These specified personal lines are personal motor insurance,
individual and group short-term A&H insurance, personal property insurance for
structure and contents, foreign domestic maid insurance, and personal travel
insurance.

17 In addition, the PPF Scheme will be enhanced to cover 100% (up from the
current 90%) of the liabilities of life policies, subject to caps2. The increase
in the level of coverage will help allay the concerns of policy owners, should
they become anxious that their insurer may fail and seek to cancel their
policies. Where the level of coverage is 90%, some policy owners may believe
that they are better off getting back 100% of their policies' surrender values,
rather than waiting for compensation under the PPF Scheme. But if the insurer
does not fail, policy owners who prematurely surrendered their life policies may
not be able to obtain equivalent new insurance cover, for example, due to
advanced age or deteriorating health.

18 The introduction of the aggregate caps, which did not exist previously, will
mitigate the risk of moral hazard as it creates an incentive for policy owners
to exercise prudence in their selection of insurers. In this way, the caps will
keep the PPF Scheme affordable. This approach is similar with the DI Scheme,
which provides for 100% coverage up to a cap of S$50,000 per depositor. General
insurance policies will be fully covered with no caps, as general insurance
policies typically indemnify losses as they occur and payouts are made based on
actual claims incurred. As there is no relationship between the amount of losses
and the level of sophistication of the policy owner, the moral hazard risk is
lesser.

Pre-Funding

19 In addition, the revised PPF Scheme will now be pre-funded, like the DI
Scheme. Life insurers and general insurers will pay levies annually into the PPF
Life Fund and PPF General Fund, respectively. A pre-funded approach is more
equitable compared to a post-funded approach, as the failed insurer would have
contributed to the fund prior to its failure. It will also expedite payout in
the event that an insurer fails.

Review and Administration of the Schemes

20 Sir, the coverage limits and scope of the DI and PPF Schemes have been
carefully calibrated to meet the objectives of these Schemes. These features
will be reviewed from time to time by the MAS in consultation with the Singapore
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("SDIC"). To facilitate changes that may arise
from such reviews, the Minister-in-charge of MAS will be given powers to approve
an increase in coverage for these Schemes, based on MAS' recommendation. In its
review, MAS will have regard to the interests of depositors and policy owners,
taking into account the costs to the Schemes, or the stability of, or confidence
in, the financial system. If the increase is temporary, the Minister may also
decide on the duration of the increase and the period of any extension.

21 Sir, I will also speak briefly on the administration of the Schemes. The
SDIC, which currently administers the DI Scheme, will also administer the PPF
Scheme. This arrangement ensures cost efficiency and leverages on the SDIC's
capabilities. Since its incorporation, the SDIC has established systems and
processes to ensure that insured depositors can be compensated quickly in the
event of a payout.

22 The SDIC will collect premium contributions and levies from DI and PPF Scheme
members respectively, compensate those who are insured in the event of a payout,
and educate the public on the DI and PPF Schemes. In addition, the SDIC will
manage the DI, PPF Life and PPF General Funds. These three funds will be
maintained separately and no inter-fund lending will be allowed. The Bill
requires the SDIC and the funds to be audited, and for a copy of the audited
financial statements, auditor's report and annual report of SDIC's key
activities during the year, to be provided to the Minister.

Conclusion

23 Sir, the proposed enhancements to the DI and PPF Schemes will strengthen the
safety net for small depositors and policy owners. The enhancements have been
carefully designed to achieve this objective, while keeping the costs of the
Schemes manageable and preserving incentives for market discipline.

24 Mr Speaker Sir, I beg to move. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Declutter existing products, MFs told

BYLINE: Anirudh Laskar & N.?sundaresha?subramanian, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 963 words


Jan. 06--After making it more difficult for asset management companies to
habitually float new fund offers (NFOs), India's capital market regulator is now
targeting mutual fund (MF) schemes with look-alike portfolios. It is asking fund
houses to whittle down the number of existing products by merging some smaller
schemes with similar larger schemes, signalling the second stage of reforms in
the '6.75 trillion MF industry.

The aim is to help investors make better choices by reducing the clutter they
have to currently wade through.

The so-called open-ended equity schemes--in which investors are free to enter
and exit at all times--a favourite of retail investors, are the first target.
After directing funds to bring down the number of such schemes in a recent
meeting, officials of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) have
been following up with each fund house on the action taken so far.

"The market is overcrowded with similar schemes bearing different names and the
regulator is distinctly uncomfortable with this," said a senior official with a
foreign asset management company.

Sebi has asked MFs to merge all small schemes in their portfolios with the large
ones. If the fund houses do not follow the regulator's informal directive, Sebi
will come out with formal guidelines, the MF official added.

Small equity schemes are those whose assets under management (AUMs) are below
'100 crore, said industry officials who are aware of Sebi's directive.

The regulator does not want asset management companies to run multiple schemes
with different names, but similar portfolios. It also wants to bundle together
schemes with different nomenclature, but similar asset allocation. And, finally,
it does not want firms to have different schemes within one portfolio offering
significantly different returns as that amounts to discrimination against one
set of investors, said the chief executive officer of a fund who attended a
recent Sebi meeting.

He declined to be identified as Sebi is yet to put out the formal guidelines.
The Sebi spokesperson, too, declined to comment for the story.

Following this, the existing number of schemes will shrink. And since the fund
houses will be required to manage fewer schemes than what they are managing now,
the move will help them control fund management costs.

There are 43 fund houses and 40 of them are currently selling equity schemes.

According to Delhi-based MF tracker Value Research Online, there are at least
445 equity schemes and 408 of these are open-ended. Sebi's directive is meant
for those open-ended equity schemes that have failed to attract any meaningful
investment, but are still alive.

There are at least 165 such small open-ended equity schemes with less than '100
crore assets each. For instance, of the 13 open-ended equity schemes under JM
Financial Asset Management Pvt. Ltd, 10 are small schemes. All 13 such schemes
managed by ING Investment Management (India) Pvt. Ltd have assets below '100
crore. Similarly, all open-ended equity schemes under L&T Investment Management
Ltd are small. Seven out of nine such schemes of LIC Mutual Fund Asset
Management Co. Ltd are small and 10 out of 12 such schemes of Sahara Asset
Management Co. Pvt. Ltd are small. Eight out 10 such schemes of Religare Asset
Management Co. Pvt Ltd are small.

The list is long and almost all fund houses are still selling such schemes,
which were launched long ago, but failed to mop up enough money from investors.

Many of the small schemes are a product of the NFO culture prevalent till
recently. Fund houses exploited the high entry loads and upfront charges by
rolling out schemes till Sebi broke up the party. The regulator has stopped
clearing NFOs unless it is convinced that a new scheme will have an investment
objective different from available schemes and capable of fetching sufficient
returns for investors.

While addressing an MF summit in June last year, Sebi chairman C.B. Bhave
slammed the industry for the practice of erratically launching schemes without
taking into account investor interest.

"Even if you put before me 3,000 investment products, I won't know how to choose
from those products. I'll have no idea of which scheme is good for me," Bhave
had said.

"If you really want to reach to the so-called small investors in whose name you
do everything, does he really need 3,000 options? Is there really so much of
innovation that is going on? Are these schemes really so different from each
other or were there incentives operating in the market that made us generate
these 3,000 options?" he had asked the audience.

Fund houses also agree that many schemes have become uneconomical as they have
not been able to scale up. According to industry estimates, an ideal size for an
equity fund is about '500 crore.

"To build corpus, you need to have grosses in excess of redemptions. Only
consistency of performance will give you greater grosses," said a senior fund
manager on condition of anonymity. Grosses is industry speak for gross inflows
from investors.

While working on its direction to reduce the number of existing schemes, in
October, Sebi had relaxed norms for merger of MF schemes, allowing fund houses
to give exit option to unitholders of the surviving scheme.

At the time of the merger of schemes, the fund houses need to give the
unitholders of the surviving schemes an exit option if MFs can show that there
was no change in the fundamental attribute of the scheme.

anirudh.l@livemint.com

To see more of Mint, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.livemint.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Mint, New Delhi Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110106-1MI-Declutter-existing-products-MFs-told-0106-20110106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2011 Mint, New Delhi


                              82 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Tips to select policies that can suit you under NPS

BYLINE: SKANDITA AGRAWAL

SECTION: INVESTOR'S GUIDE

LENGTH: 886 words


In the edition dated September 13, 2010, we highlighted the growing importance
of the New Pension Scheme (NPS), thanks to the proposals under the new Direct
Tax Code. We also mentioned the procedure to open and operate your NPS account.

From this week onwards, we will help you further in selecting policies that can
suit you under NPS. To keep it simple, starting this week, we will look at the
schemes offered by two fund houses. Here, the focus will be on telling you all
about the funds, returns and investment strategy.

The new pension scheme is available for both government employees as well as
other citizens of the country. There are seven pension fund houses authorised by
the pension regulatory body, PFRDA, to manage the fund. All these seven fund
houses provide one scheme for state government employees and one for central
government staff.

It is mandatory for these employees to invest in one of the schemes offered by
these pension fund houses. Rest of the citizens can select any of the schemes
offered by six pension fund houses.

Currently, LIC has not got the mandate to offer a pension fund to this category.
Each of the six pension fund houses offers six schemes, three under each of tier
I and tier II accounts. Tier I is a mandatory nonwithdrawal pension account
while tier II is a voluntary savings account that allows withdrawals as well.

These include Scheme E that invests in equity, Scheme G that invests in
government bonds and Scheme C that invests in corporate bonds. Investors have an
option to choose from either auto or active investment strategy. Once the
strategy is selected, he can choose the pension fund house.

In case of the auto strategy, fund is allocated under the schemes in a
particular proportion. This proportion changes with the age of the person. So,
at an early stage of life, more investment will be in equity and as the age
increases, the proportion in Scheme C and Scheme G increases.

Under the active approach, one can decide on the proportion in which the sum can
be invested in E, G, and C schemes. While one can choose to invest entire
pension wealth in C or G asset classes, only a maximum of 50% can be invested in
E.

A combination of all the three can be opted for medium risk and return approach.
This is true for both the tier I and tier II accounts while the government
employees do not have much choice. However, a state and central government
employee gets to make a choice on the investment strategy and schemes for their
tier II account. NPS has approximately `30 crore of asset under management (AUM)
in all. Tier I comprises almost 85-90% of this while the rest is in tier II
account.

SBI PENSION FUND HOUSE: SBI Pension Fund house comprises almost 65% of the total
AUM under NPS. According to the PFRDA guidelines, fund houses need to invest
proceeds under Scheme E in an index fund. An index fund replicates the movements
of a stock market index such as Nifty, the Sensex, BSE 500 and others. SBI
replicates Nifty 50 under Scheme E for both Tier I and Tier II. The return from
this scheme has not been very encouraging compared to its other peers. Since
inception, it has got a 21.1% absolute return.

While Nifty has given a return of 14.5% in the past six months, SBI Scheme E has
only managed to earn 12.5%. This implies that an investment of `100 six months
ago in Scheme E would grow to `112.5 as of today. The same if invested in the
index directly would have been `114.5. SBI pension fund has given best returns
in the industry for Scheme G and Scheme C. Since its inception, it has fetched
19.2% and 15.8% absolute returns in tier I C and tier I G scheme, respectively,
and 10.5% and 11.3% returns in tier II C and tier II G. However, if we see data
for the past six months, then UTI pension fund has performed better in Scheme G.

UTI PENSION FUND: UTI Pension fund has almost 10% of the total AUM in its tier I
account while the corpus in its tier II account is merely a few lakhs of rupees.
UTI also replicated Nifty 50 for both tier I and tier II Scheme E. The returns
of UTI equity scheme are the best among its peers. It has yielded absolute
returns of 42.3%. This means an investment of `100 in this scheme in May 2009
would have jumped to `142.2 today.

It has also outperformed Nifty in the past six months. Scheme C of UTI has
underperformed considerably. A major reason for this could be low asset under
management in this scheme. Scheme G also has not performed well since its
beginning. The absolute returns have been only 10.2% and 8.9% in tier I C and
tier I G scheme, respectively, which are half that of returns given by SBI's
respective schemes. In the past six months, however, UTI's scheme G has outpaced
SBI's G scheme.

OUR VIEW: NPS is still at an early stage and hence, AUM is extremely low. This
makes things difficult for fund managers. Low AUM is a major reason for the
subdued performance of all the schemes. Things are expected to change for the
better as AUM grows.

However, those who have already invested or are interested to invest in NPS can
opt for Scheme G and Scheme C of SBI Pension fund for conservative returns;
also, a little amount can be parked in equity scheme E. Those having high risk
return appetite may invest 50% in UTI scheme E and the rest in UTI Scheme G and
Scheme C.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 16, 2009 Friday

House owners blame admn for B&B scheme failure

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, Oct. 16 -- The house owners blame the city administration for
unceremonious scrapping of the much hyped Bread and Breakfast scheme, saying
that non-co-operative attitude of the higher authorities ruined the scheme in
the bud.

With the administrations decision to scrap the Bed and Breakfast scheme, the
residents who were under this scheme have come forth to accuse the
administration for not effectively implementing the scheme and not ensuring
their support to them.

JK Josan, one of the residents who was registered under the scheme said 'If only
two-three people were misusing the commercial spaces provided under the scheme,
why do all of us have to suffer for the same. They should have cancelled the
license of the violators instead of scrapping the scheme.'

'Be it the publicity of the scheme or the queries regarding the scheme, the
administration's response was poor. Though the scheme could be a hit here as we
were receiving a good response from the tourists, it couldn't be implemented
effectively here and we hope that the administration will rethink to launch the
scheme.'

This scheme was started by the UT administration in September last year to give
boost to tourism and to provide homely ambience to the domestic and foreign
tourist in the city, however the scheme ran into rough weather when the higher
authorities charged the house owners with violating rules.

'The administration support was not there at all and we had no back-up from
their side. The higher authorities should have kept a check on the violators
under the scheme as such people are always there to take advantage of such
schemes,' Jyoti Swarup Sharma, another resident registered under the scheme,
told The Pioneer.

Nearly 25 residents were registered under the scheme to provide accommodation in
their premises against the charges that were fixed by the UT administration.
Under the scheme, two categories of rooms namely gold and silver were available
at the rates of Rs 900 and Rs 700 respectively.

'The hotel owners were affected due to the scheme as the house owners were doing
a good business by providing accommodation to the tourists at reasonable rates.
Under the influence of the hotel owners in the city, the higher authorities
decided to scrap the scheme,' said a house owner requesting anonymity.

He added 'The administration failed to publicise the scheme and to keep a check
on the violators. The higher authorities didn't even assist us in any way during
the scheme, which has finally resulted in the scrapping of the scheme.'

Another house owner Shashi Kapoor said, 'The scheme could have been a success in
the city but few violators spoiled the whole idea forcing the administration to
scrap the scheme. It would have been better if the administration looked into
the matter earlier and had restricted the violations.' Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For more information on news feed
please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 July 01, 2007
                                   e1 Edition

Medical schemes under pressure, members at risk;
Huge rises in medical costs and competition for new members have left many
health insurers with alarmingly diminished emergency reserves

BYLINE: Edwin Naidu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 857 words


Thousands of people who belong to medical aid schemes that do not comply with a
government requirement that they hold 25 percent of their income in reserve
could one day find themselves without cover, Patrick Masobe, the registrar of
the Council for Medical Schemes, has warned.

Masobe said the more a scheme allowed its reserves to fall below the required
level, the greater the risk to its members.

The reserves served as a buffer against unexpected losses and, if they were
inadequate, a scheme might not be able to meet its commitments to its members,
he said.

Rising hospital costs, and the higher administration and managed health-care
expenses of some schemes, last year led to the emergency reserves of 18 schemes
- insuring 64 percent of medical aid scheme members on open schemes - falling
below the level required by law. This set alarm bells ringing at the Council for
Medical Schemes. Each of the schemes with insufficient reserves had to explain
to the council how it intended to correct the situation.

Masobe said the number of medical aid schemes had decreased in the past two
years because many of the smaller schemes had amalgamated with larger ones - and
because the finances of some schemes had left them with no option but to close.

As the medical schemes experience pressure on their resources, their members are
being forced to bear the brunt of increasing medical costs. Between 2002 and
2006, the average increases in members' contributions to medical schemes were
consistently higher than the CPIX measure of inflation.

Masobe said regulations required that medical schemes that allowed their
reserves to fall below the required level for 90 days to submit a report to the
registrar for the reason for the such shortfall, and they had to explain how
they planned to remedy the situation.

"We constantly work with medical schemes to ensure that they meet their solvency
targets. All of them submit business plans aimed at achieving solvency. Many
times we accept the plans. Sometimes we turn them down and ask for a
reconsideration," he said.

"We agreed on a business plan with Discovery Health in this regard early in
2006, requiring the scheme to [have reserves of] 21 percent of gross
contributions by June this year, 23 percent by December this year and 25 percent
by December next year. Discovery sought to change these targets. We found this
unacceptable, turned down their plan and asked for a reconsideration," Masobe
said.

Discovery was given until July 11 to submit a new plan.

"Any notion that this somehow foreshadows some dramatic fight between the
council and Discovery Health is not one that I share - in fact, we have worked
well together on this issue over the past few years," Masobe said.

Masobe said the council closed down two schemes, Omnihealth and Eclipse, last
year because they were not able to honour their members' claims. The council is
in the process of shutting down Ellerines Medical Scheme.

Several schemes amalgamated last year, including Medical Expenses Distribution
Society with Oxygen Medical Scheme, Protector Health with Bonitas Medical Aid,
and Klerksdorp Medical Benefit Scheme with Medicover.

Free State Medical Aid Scheme was liquidated in January last year.

In 2005, there were at least three mergers and two closures. The council said
several schemes were considerably below the required level of reserves,
including Discovery Health, the country's biggest private medical-aid scheme.

He said that, as more people joined medical aid schemes, the schemes'
administration costs should fall, but countering this would be the increase in
payments made by the schemes as more elderly and sick people signed on.

Adrian Gore, the chief executive of Discovery Holdings, told The Sunday
Independent that the debate was not about solvency and financial strength, but
about technical requirements and compliance.

"The 25 percent reserve requirement is onerous for successful schemes but we
will meet the target by December next year," he said.

Gore said 1 000 people were joining Discovery Health every day, the scheme was
financially strong and it had the highest rating for a medical aid in the
country.

"It is hard to get to the 25 percent level when you are growing at the rate we
are, but we are set on achieving the target."

He said Discovery had R4 billion in reserves and there should be no cause for
concern among its members.

James van Vught, the principal officer of Oxygen Medical Scheme, which has 225
000 members, said the scheme had submitted a business plan to the council on how
it intended reaching the 25 percent solvency ratio.

He said that, in the event of major illness affecting a higher than normal
number of its members, Oxygen would be able to continue to honour its claims
because it had more than R300 million in reserve.

Van Vught said one of the priorities of his scheme was growth and this would put
its solvency under pressure.

"But growth is non-negotiable. As the scheme grows, we will see a drop in our
solvency ratio but not in the absolute value of our reserves.

"Oxygen and its preceding schemes have been around for more than 30 years and
have never defaulted on a claim."

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           FICCI Studies and Surveys

                                January 31, 2014

Compilation of Various International Acts & Laws for Direct Selling Industry:
SINGAPORE: Law on Direct Selling

LENGTH: 2356  words


MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING AND PYRAMID SELLING (PROHIBITION) ACT

(CHAPTER 190)

MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING AND PYRAMID SELLING

(EXCLUDED SCHEMES AND ARRANGEMENTS) ORDER 2000

In exercise of the powers conferred by section *2 (lA) of the Multi-Level
Marketing and Pyramid Selling (Prohibition) Act, the Minister for Trade and
Industry hereby makes the following Order:



Citation and commencement

1. This Order may be cited as the Multi-Level Marketing and Pyramid Selling
(Excluded Schemes and Arrangements) Order 2000 and shall come into operation on
01 June 2000.

Excluded schemes and arrangements

2. (1) The definition of "pyramid selling scheme or arrangement" in section 2 of
the Act shall be taken not to include any of the following schemes or
arrangements:

(a) any scheme or arrangement comprising insurance business, or any class of
insurance business, so long as every insurer and every insurance intermediary
participating in the scheme or arrangement is registered, licensed, approved or
otherwise so entitled to act under the Insurance Act (Cap. 142), the Insurance
Intermediaries Act 1999 (Act 31 of 1999), or the regulations made thereunder;

(b) any master franchise scheme or arrangement, or any class of such scheme or
arrangement, whereby a person is given the right to sub-franchise a franchise,
subject to the scheme or arrangement satisfying the terms and conditions in
sub-paragraph (c)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (vi);

(c) any scheme or arrangement, or any class of such schemes or arrangements,
which satisfies the following terms and conditions:

(i) a person shall not be required to provide any benefit or acquire any
commodity in order to participate in the scheme or arrangement, other than the
purchase of sales demonstration equipment or materials at a price not exceeding
their cost which are not for resale and for which no commission, bonus or any
other advantage will be given to any person;

(ii) any benefit received-

(A) by any promoter of, or participant in, the scheme or arrangement accrues as
a result of the sale, lease, licence or other distribution of a commodity to any
other person;

(B) by any promoter of the scheme or arrangement accrues as a result of the
performance of one or more participants in relation to the sale, lease, licence
or other distribution of a commodity to any other person;

(iii) subject to sub-paragraph (ii), no benefit shall be received by any person
as a result of the introduction or recruitment of one or more persons to be
participants in the scheme or arrangement;

(iv) a promoter of the scheme or arrangement shall not make, or cause to be
made, any representation to any person that benefits will accrue under the
scheme or arrangement in a manner other than as specified in sub-paragraph (ii);


(v) a promoter of the scheme or arrangement shall, in respect of any
representation relating to the actual or potential accrual of any benefit under
the scheme or arrangement, maintain fair and accurate records of the maximum,
minimum, median, average and mode benefits that have accrued to the promoter and
participants in the scheme or arrangement, duly audited by an auditor for each
financial year;

vi) a promoter of the scheme or arrangement shall not, and shall take reasonable
steps to ensure that participants in the scheme or arrangement do not-

(A) knowingly make, or cause or permit to be made, any representation relating
to the scheme or arrangement or to the commodity which is false or misleading;

(B) knowingly omit, or cause or permit to be omitted, any material particular
relating to the scheme or arrangement or to the commodity;

(C) knowingly engage in, or cause or permit, any conduct that is misleading or
likely to mislead as to any material particular relating to the scheme or
arrangement or to the commodity; or

(D) in promoting the scheme or arrangement or the commodity, use, or cause or
permit to be used, fraud, coercion, harassment, or unconscionable or unlawful
means;

(vii) the commodity shall be distributed with a full refund or buy-back
guarantee that is exercisable by every participant in the scheme or arrangement
on reasonable commercial terms and within a period of at least 60 days from the
date of distribution of the commodity to the participant; and

(viii) every participant in the scheme or arrangement shall be informed in
writing, at the time of the distribution of the commodity to the participant, of
the existence of the guarantee and the manner in which it can be exercised.

(2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) (b), "franchise" has the same meaning
as in section 107 (1) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50).

(3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (l)(c)-

"cost", in relation to sales demonstration equipment or materials, means the
direct cost of production or the wholesale price of such equipment or materials;
"representation" includes any statement or claim.

An Act to prohibit the registration of businesses that are designed to promote
multi-level marketing schemes or arrangements or pyramid selling schemes or
arrangements in relation to the distribution and sale of commodities; to
prohibit the incorporation or registration of companies which propose to promote
multi-level marketing schemes or arrangements or pyramid selling schemes or
arrangements in relation to the distribution and sale of commodities and to make
it unlawful for any person to promote such schemes or arrangements and to
provide for matters connected therewith.

Arrangement of Provisions

1 Short title

2 Interpretation

3 Unlawful to promote or participate in, or hold out that person is promoting or
participating in, pyramid selling scheme or arrangement

4 Registration of business which is designed to promote pyramid selling scheme
or arrangement Prohibited

5 Registration of company which proposes to promote pyramid selling scheme or
arrangement Prohibited

6 Offences by bodies corporate

7 Penalty to be imposed in addition to other punishment

8 Jurisdiction of District Courts

9 Act to prevail

10 Regulations

LEGISLATION HISTORY COMPARATIVE TABLE

Short title

1. This Act may be cited as the Multi-Level Marketing and Pyramid Selling
(Prohibition) Act.

Interpretation

2. -(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires -

"benefit" includes any gratuity, commission, cross commission, bonus, refund,
discount, dividend and any other payment, service or advantage of whatever
description, but does not include -

(a) the purchase of a sample of a commodity furnished at a price not exceeding
the cost of the sample and which is not for resale; and

(b) time and effort spent in pursuit of sales, distribution or recruiting
activities;

"commodity" means any goods, service, right or other property, whether tangible
or intangible, capable of being the subject of a sale, lease or licence;

"company" means a company as defined in the Companies Act (Cap. 50) and includes
a corporation as defined in that Act;

"multi-level marketing scheme or arrangement" has the same meaning as "pyramid
selling scheme or arrangement" in this Act;

"promote" , with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, includes to
manage, form, operate, carry on, engage in or otherwise to organise;

"pyramid selling scheme or arrangement" means any scheme or arrangement for the
distribution or the purported distribution of a commodity whereby -

(a) a person may in any manner acquire a commodity or a right or a licence to
acquire the commodity for sale, lease, licence or other distribution;

(b) that person receives any benefit, directly or indirectly, as a result of ---


(i) the recruitment, acquisition, action or performance of one or more
additional participants in the scheme or arrangement; or

(ii) the sale, lease, licence or other distribution of the commodity by one or
more additional participants in the scheme or arrangement; and

(c) any benefit is or may be received by any other person who promotes, or
participates in, the scheme or arrangement (other than a person referred to in
paragraph (a) or an additional participant referred to in paragraph (b)).

(2) In this Act, "pyramid selling scheme or arrangement" shall be taken not to
include such schemes or arrangements for the sale, lease, licence or other
distribution of a commodity, or any class of such schemes or arrangements, as
the Minister may by order prescribe, subject to such terms or conditions as may
be specified in the order.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the winding up of a company includes, in the
case of a foreign company, a reference to the winding up of the affairs of a
foreign company so far as the assets of the foreign company within Singapore are
concerned.

Unlawful to promote or participate in, or hold out that person is promoting or
participating in, pyramid selling scheme or arrangement

3. (1) It shall be unlawful for any person to promote or participate in a
multi-level marketing scheme or arrangement or a pyramid selling scheme or
arrangement or to hold out that he is promoting or participating in such a
scheme or arrangement.

(2) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence and
shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $200,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

Registration of business which is designed to promote pyramid selling scheme or
arrangement Prohibited

4. (1) No business which is designed to promote a multi-level marketing scheme
or arrangement or a pyramid selling scheme or arrangement shall be registered
under any written law relating to the registration of businesses.

(2) A person who in contravention of subsection (1) obtains registration of a
business which is designed to promote a muiti-level marketing scheme or
arrangement or a pyramid selling scheme or arrangement shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $200,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

Registration of company which proposes to promote pyramid selling scheme or
arrangement prohibited

5. (1) No company which proposes to promote a multi-level marketing scheme or
arrangement or a pyramid selling scheme or arrangement shall be incorporated or
registered under the Companies Act (Cap. 50).

(2) Where a company which is designed to promote a multi-level marketing scheme
or arrangement or a pyramid selling scheme or arrangement contravenes subsection
( 1) by obtaining incorporation or registration under the Companies Act, that
company and every officer thereof shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $200,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

Offences by bodies corporate

6. (1) If the person committing an offence under this Act is a company, every
individual who at the time the offence was committed was a director, general
manager, manager, secretary or other officer of the company concerned in the
management of the company or who was purporting to act in any such capacity, as
well as the company, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be
liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) It shall be a defence for the individual referred to in subsection (1) if he
proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that
he exercised such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought
to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions and to all other
circumstances.

(3) For the purpose of this section, "company" includes -

(a) any body corporate; and

(b) a firm or other association of individuals.

(4) This section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other
provisions of this Act.

Penalty to be imposed in addition to other punishment

7. (1) Where a court convicts any person of committing an offence of promoting
or participating in a multi -level marketing scheme or arrangement or a pyramid
selling scheme or arrangement under section 3 (2) then-

(a) if the person has received any benefit, directly or indirectly, as a result
of committing the offence; and

(b) if the benefit received by the person is a sum of money or if the value of
the benefit can be assessed,

the court shall, in addition to imposing on that person any other punishment,
order him to pay as a penalty, within such time as may be specified in the
order, a sum not exceeding the amount of or, in the opinion of the court, the
value of the benefit received by the person, and any such penalty shall be
recoverable as a fine.

(2) In determining the amount of the penalty that a person, being a participant,
shall be required to pay under subsection (1), the court may take into account
any benefit that the person may have given for the right to participate in the
multi level marketing scheme or arrangement or the pyramid selling scheme or
arrangement, as the case may be, or any loss that the person may have incurred
as a result of such participation.

(3) Where a person charged with any offence under section 3 (2) is convicted of
one or more offences under any other written law, and the outstanding offences
are taken into consideration by the court under section 178 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap. 68) for the purpose of passing sentence, the court may
impose the penalty mentioned in Section ( 1) for any offence under this Act so
taken into consideration.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prejudice or affect any right which any
person may have under any written law or rule of law to recover damages from the
person referred to in subsection (1).

Jurisdiction of District Courts

8. Notwithstanding the Criminal Procedure Code, a District Court shall have
jurisdiction to try any offence under this Act or any regulations made
thereunder and may impose the full penalty or punishment in respect of such
offence

Act to prevail

9. The provisions of this Act shall be without prejudice to the Business
Registration Act (Cap. 32) or the Companies Act (Cap. 50) but where there is a
conflict between the Business Registration Act and the Companies Act and this
Act, the provisions of this Act shall prevail.

Regulations

10. The Minister may make regulations for carrying into effect the objects and
purposes of this Act.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: LDA takes over possession of 18 plots

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 20 -- The Lahore Development Authority

has taken over possession of mortgaged plots in 18 private

housing schemes in the city as their developers had failed

to complete development works in these colonies, despite

expiry of specified period given to them for this purpose.

These plots will now be sold through an open auction

by LDA for executing development works in these neighborhoods.

The LDA warned other private schemes as well to finish

development works at the earliest otherwise their mortgaged

plots will also be taken into custody for auction and

subsequent execution of development works.

According to the sources, these schemes include

Ahbab Cooperative Housing Scheme Phase-I, Al- Assar Housing

Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram Housing

Scheme, Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town

Housing Scheme, Fazal Elahi/ Makkah Housing Scheme,

Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green Valley Housing Scheme,

Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing Scheme Ph-II,

Khurram Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF

Farm Housing Scheme, Punjab Government Servants Cooperative

Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme (North), Sunny Park

(Ext)/ Sunny Garden Housing Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon

Housing Scheme.

Meanwhile taking serious notices of the violations of

approved lay out plans by the approved private housing

societies situated in LDA's controlled area,Metropolitan

Planning Wing of LDA demolished a road that had been illegally

constructed in the land reserved for graveyard in Pak Arab

Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore while LDA also has

filed an application for lodging FIRs.

LDA Staff has also excavated the passage that had been

illegally provided by this scheme to another scheme namely

Vital Homes, a society that had been established without

getting approval from LDA Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Members could pay 0.6 percent more on average to cover costs, survey shows

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 884 words


Medical schemes administered by one of South Africa's largest administrators may
have to raise member contributions by, on average, 0.6 percent in order to meet
the additional cost of paying prescribed minimum benefit (PMB) claims in full
rather than at the schemes' rates, a survey conducted last month shows.

The survey was conducted by Medscheme among some of the schemes it services. The
schemes were resisting paying PMB claims at the rate invoiced while they awaited
the outcome of an application for a declaratory order that would clarify whether
schemes were obliged by law to pay PMB claims at whatever rate a healthcare
provider charged.

The Gauteng North High Court ruled last week that the Board of Healthcare
Funders (BHF), which represents medical schemes and administrators, did not have
the legal standing (locus standi) to ask for the order. Judge Cynthia Pretorius
did not deal with the merits of the case.

The BHF had hoped to persuade the court that the regulation in question should
be interpreted to mean that medical schemes should have to pay PMB claims only
up to the rate at which schemes reimburse healthcare providers.

Willem Claasen, the general manager of actuarial for Medscheme's health risk
solutions division, says the survey shows that the effect of paying PMB claims
in full, rather than at a scheme's option tariff, will differ from scheme to
scheme. The survey includes two large open schemes, Fedhealth and Bonitas, and a
number of restricted schemes covering 2.7 million lives.

The survey indicates that some schemes may have to raise member contributions by
as little as 0.4 percent, whereas others may have to do so by as much as 2.6
percent, Claasen says.

However, not all medical schemes have decided to implement contribution
increases in line with what the survey indicates are required, he says.

All the medical schemes administered by Medscheme have reserves above the
legally required level (25 percent of contribution income), and some of them
have decided to use their reserves to cover the expected increase in PMB costs
rather than to increase contributions, Claasen says.

Most medical schemes have already announced their increases for next year.

A number of schemes administered by Medscheme, including Fedhealth and Bonitas,
this year started to pay PMB claims at the price invoiced by the healthcare
provider, Claasen says.

Threat to deregister

Although the BHF has decided to appeal the case, the Council for Medical Schemes
, which regulates schemes, had, prior to the outcome of the case, warned some
schemes that they could be deregistered if they failed to pay PMB claims in
full.

As a result of this threat, the South African Municipal Workers' Union National
Medical Scheme (Samwumed) started to pay PMB claims in full about two months
ago, Neil Nair, the principal officer of Samwumed, says.

Samwumed has reserves equal to 70 percent of the scheme's contributions and has
decided to use these reserves to fund what it estimates could be an increase of
10 percent in PMB costs over the next three years as a result of having to pay
PMB claims in full rather than at the scheme's rate, Nair says.

The decision to use the scheme's reserves was made to minimise the impact of a
contribution increase on Samwumed members, who earn on average between R4 500
and R5 500 a month, he says.

Samwumed is hopeful that sanity will prevail and that the country's leaders will
make the right decisions about the open-ended liability that schemes face for
PMBs, Nair says.

Peter Jordaan, the acting principal officer of Fedhealth, says Fedhealth has
been paying PMB claims in full since August this year and has not seen much of
an impact on healthcare costs as a result.

However, the scheme is concerned that in future it may see PMB costs escalate,
he says.

No impact

Dr Jonathan Broomberg, Discovery Health's chief executive, says that paying PMB
claims in full will not have an impact on Discovery Health Medical Scheme
members, nor on any other schemes administered by Discovery Health.

The direct payment arrangements the scheme set up with healthcare providers five
years ago - which cover both PMBs and non-PMB healthcare services - contain the
costs of PMBs for the schemes administered by Discovery Health and have been
budgeted for over several years, Broomberg says.

He says that 80 percent of all consultations by Discovery Health members with
general practitioners and specialists take place within its contracted payment
arrangements.

John Rollason, the principal officer of Topmed, says Topmed supports the view
that a sane legislature could not have expected schemes to pay PMB claims at
whatever rate a provider charges.

Topmed is now paying PMB claims in full but has not yet had to make adjustments
to its budget, Rollason says.

He expects that 80 percent of healthcare providers will continue to charge
reasonable rates for PMBs and only 20 percent will abuse schemes by charging
significantly higher rates.

The Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) has been paying PMB claims in
full, Dr Eugene Watson, the principal officer of the scheme, says.

In 2008, the Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Board ruled against Gems and
Samwumed in complaints concerning cases in which the schemes had paid PMB claims
at the scheme rate rather than at the invoiced rate.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           September 16, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes fail to keep sufficient reserves zz Prescribed solvency level
not achieved

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 774 words


Over 1.3 million medical scheme members were at risk of having to pay for their
own medical care because 20 medical schemes had failed to meet the 25 percent
minimum solvency levels as at March 31, the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS)
quarterly report indicated yesterday.

Discovery Health, Momentum Health, Spectramed, Hosmed Medical Aid and Keyhealth
are among the 11 open schemes that failed to meet the prescribed solvency level.
Their members constitute 61.5 percent of the total open scheme membership.

The report named nine restricted schemes that were below the minimum solvency
levels. The figure had slightly increased from a total of seven reported in
2010.

Restricted or closed schemes are employer-based while open schemes can be joined
by anyone. In 2009 there were 33 open and 77 closed schemes registered in South
Africa.

Anban Pillay, the head of pricing at the Department of Health, said members who
belonged to these schemes might have to pay their own medical expenses in
instances where claims exceeded contributions.

He said in principle, the solvency levels were there to protect members of a
medical scheme should the scheme undergo financial difficulties.

"It's a contingency measure, like when you look back at last year, schemes had
to go to reserves to pay claims. That is why it is so important. It is obviously
a problem when a scheme is below the minimum solvency," he said.

Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive and registrar of the Council for Medical
Schemes, said: "Each scheme that is below the required minimum statutory
solvency level is monitored closely and the office regularly interacts with the
board of trustees to map out turnaround strategies. These strategies are
typically carried out over a couple of years, rather than taking a 'big bang'
approach," Gantsho said.

He pointed out that the CMS continually engaged with these schemes and their
members would continue to be protected by the provisions contained in the
Medical Schemes Act.

But Pillay explained that new schemes were given a reasonable time to build
their reserves and that they were frequently among the schemes that did not
reach required solvency levels.

Asheen Rabilal, an insurance analyst at Avior Research, said there would be no
immediate implications for members. However, as the schemes tried to get back to
solvency, they might implement higher contributions. "But they have been given
some time, so there might be no need for that. Even Discovery has been
'insolvent' for a long time, but it is still among the lowest-costing schemes.

"Another thing is that if they push their premiums drastically they might lose
their market share," he said.

The overall industry average solvency level had decreased by 6.7 percent during
the three months to March 31 this year, to 29.5 percent from the audited
solvency level of 31.6 percent at year-end.

CMS said this was largely a result of the design of member benefits and
seasonality of claims patterns of the medical schemes and the fact that solvency
was calculated on annualised gross contributions.

Medical schemes received a total gross contribution income of R26.6bn for the
period ended March 31. This was 0.7 percent lower than the budgeted R26.8bn, but
12.2 percent higher than the R23.7bn in contributions received in the first
three months of 2010.

Gross contributions per average beneficiary each month were R1 063.60, or 9.1
percent higher than R975.30 reported on December 31 last year and R986.30 in
March 2010.

Medical schemes had a total surplus of R789 million, 165 percent higher than the
projected R297.7m, with surpluses from open schemes jumping 94.8 percent from
budget to just over R1bn. Restricted schemes, however, suffered a R215.4m
deficit.

This comes after the minister of health blamed private hospitals for "milking"
medical schemes with overinflated rates, saying that the claims they received
exceeded the amount they collected.

According to the Registrar of Medical Schemes report for 2009/10, these claims
exceeded the amount the medical schemes collected in contributions by R2.5bn.

Rabilal said this signalled that to maintain solvency, schemes might have
adjusted their premiums aggressively.

The report further revealed that total reserves as per Regulation 29 for all
medical schemes amounted to R31.5bn during the period. This was 2.6 percent
higher than the reserves of R30.7bn as at December 31, 2010.

Private hospital group Mediclinic said, if medical schemes were not putting away
far more than required, they would be able to pay claims using their working
capital and thus their costs could not be solely blamed on the increase in
private hospital tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           September 16, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes fail to keep sufficient reserves zz Prescribed solvency level
not achieved

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 774 words


Over 1.3 million medical scheme members were at risk of having to pay for their
own medical care because 20 medical schemes had failed to meet the 25 percent
minimum solvency levels as at March 31, the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS)
quarterly report indicated yesterday.

Discovery Health, Momentum Health, Spectramed, Hosmed Medical Aid and Keyhealth
are among the 11 open schemes that failed to meet the prescribed solvency level.
Their members constitute 61.5 percent of the total open scheme membership.

The report named nine restricted schemes that were below the minimum solvency
levels. The figure had slightly increased from a total of seven reported in
2010.

Restricted or closed schemes are employer-based while open schemes can be joined
by anyone. In 2009 there were 33 open and 77 closed schemes registered in South
Africa.

Anban Pillay, the head of pricing at the Department of Health, said members who
belonged to these schemes might have to pay their own medical expenses in
instances where claims exceeded contributions.

He said in principle, the solvency levels were there to protect members of a
medical scheme should the scheme undergo financial difficulties.

"It's a contingency measure, like when you look back at last year, schemes had
to go to reserves to pay claims. That is why it is so important. It is obviously
a problem when a scheme is below the minimum solvency," he said.

Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive and registrar of the Council for Medical
Schemes, said: "Each scheme that is below the required minimum statutory
solvency level is monitored closely and the office regularly interacts with the
board of trustees to map out turnaround strategies. These strategies are
typically carried out over a couple of years, rather than taking a 'big bang'
approach," Gantsho said.

He pointed out that the CMS continually engaged with these schemes and their
members would continue to be protected by the provisions contained in the
Medical Schemes Act.

But Pillay explained that new schemes were given a reasonable time to build
their reserves and that they were frequently among the schemes that did not
reach required solvency levels.

Asheen Rabilal, an insurance analyst at Avior Research, said there would be no
immediate implications for members. However, as the schemes tried to get back to
solvency, they might implement higher contributions. "But they have been given
some time, so there might be no need for that. Even Discovery has been
'insolvent' for a long time, but it is still among the lowest-costing schemes.

"Another thing is that if they push their premiums drastically they might lose
their market share," he said.

The overall industry average solvency level had decreased by 6.7 percent during
the three months to March 31 this year, to 29.5 percent from the audited
solvency level of 31.6 percent at year-end.

CMS said this was largely a result of the design of member benefits and
seasonality of claims patterns of the medical schemes and the fact that solvency
was calculated on annualised gross contributions.

Medical schemes received a total gross contribution income of R26.6bn for the
period ended March 31. This was 0.7 percent lower than the budgeted R26.8bn, but
12.2 percent higher than the R23.7bn in contributions received in the first
three months of 2010.

Gross contributions per average beneficiary each month were R1 063.60, or 9.1
percent higher than R975.30 reported on December 31 last year and R986.30 in
March 2010.

Medical schemes had a total surplus of R789 million, 165 percent higher than the
projected R297.7m, with surpluses from open schemes jumping 94.8 percent from
budget to just over R1bn. Restricted schemes, however, suffered a R215.4m
deficit.

This comes after the minister of health blamed private hospitals for "milking"
medical schemes with overinflated rates, saying that the claims they received
exceeded the amount they collected.

According to the Registrar of Medical Schemes report for 2009/10, these claims
exceeded the amount the medical schemes collected in contributions by R2.5bn.

Rabilal said this signalled that to maintain solvency, schemes might have
adjusted their premiums aggressively.

The report further revealed that total reserves as per Regulation 29 for all
medical schemes amounted to R31.5bn during the period. This was 2.6 percent
higher than the reserves of R30.7bn as at December 31, 2010.

Private hospital group Mediclinic said, if medical schemes were not putting away
far more than required, they would be able to pay claims using their working
capital and thus their costs could not be solely blamed on the increase in
private hospital tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           September 16, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes fail to keep sufficient reserves zz Prescribed solvency level
not achieved

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 774 words


Over 1.3 million medical scheme members were at risk of having to pay for their
own medical care because 20 medical schemes had failed to meet the 25 percent
minimum solvency levels as at March 31, the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS)
quarterly report indicated yesterday.

Discovery Health, Momentum Health, Spectramed, Hosmed Medical Aid and Keyhealth
are among the 11 open schemes that failed to meet the prescribed solvency level.
Their members constitute 61.5 percent of the total open scheme membership.

The report named nine restricted schemes that were below the minimum solvency
levels. The figure had slightly increased from a total of seven reported in
2010.

Restricted or closed schemes are employer-based while open schemes can be joined
by anyone. In 2009 there were 33 open and 77 closed schemes registered in South
Africa.

Anban Pillay, the head of pricing at the Department of Health, said members who
belonged to these schemes might have to pay their own medical expenses in
instances where claims exceeded contributions.

He said in principle, the solvency levels were there to protect members of a
medical scheme should the scheme undergo financial difficulties.

"It's a contingency measure, like when you look back at last year, schemes had
to go to reserves to pay claims. That is why it is so important. It is obviously
a problem when a scheme is below the minimum solvency," he said.

Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive and registrar of the Council for Medical
Schemes, said: "Each scheme that is below the required minimum statutory
solvency level is monitored closely and the office regularly interacts with the
board of trustees to map out turnaround strategies. These strategies are
typically carried out over a couple of years, rather than taking a 'big bang'
approach," Gantsho said.

He pointed out that the CMS continually engaged with these schemes and their
members would continue to be protected by the provisions contained in the
Medical Schemes Act.

But Pillay explained that new schemes were given a reasonable time to build
their reserves and that they were frequently among the schemes that did not
reach required solvency levels.

Asheen Rabilal, an insurance analyst at Avior Research, said there would be no
immediate implications for members. However, as the schemes tried to get back to
solvency, they might implement higher contributions. "But they have been given
some time, so there might be no need for that. Even Discovery has been
'insolvent' for a long time, but it is still among the lowest-costing schemes.

"Another thing is that if they push their premiums drastically they might lose
their market share," he said.

The overall industry average solvency level had decreased by 6.7 percent during
the three months to March 31 this year, to 29.5 percent from the audited
solvency level of 31.6 percent at year-end.

CMS said this was largely a result of the design of member benefits and
seasonality of claims patterns of the medical schemes and the fact that solvency
was calculated on annualised gross contributions.

Medical schemes received a total gross contribution income of R26.6bn for the
period ended March 31. This was 0.7 percent lower than the budgeted R26.8bn, but
12.2 percent higher than the R23.7bn in contributions received in the first
three months of 2010.

Gross contributions per average beneficiary each month were R1 063.60, or 9.1
percent higher than R975.30 reported on December 31 last year and R986.30 in
March 2010.

Medical schemes had a total surplus of R789 million, 165 percent higher than the
projected R297.7m, with surpluses from open schemes jumping 94.8 percent from
budget to just over R1bn. Restricted schemes, however, suffered a R215.4m
deficit.

This comes after the minister of health blamed private hospitals for "milking"
medical schemes with overinflated rates, saying that the claims they received
exceeded the amount they collected.

According to the Registrar of Medical Schemes report for 2009/10, these claims
exceeded the amount the medical schemes collected in contributions by R2.5bn.

Rabilal said this signalled that to maintain solvency, schemes might have
adjusted their premiums aggressively.

The report further revealed that total reserves as per Regulation 29 for all
medical schemes amounted to R31.5bn during the period. This was 2.6 percent
higher than the reserves of R30.7bn as at December 31, 2010.

Private hospital group Mediclinic said, if medical schemes were not putting away
far more than required, they would be able to pay claims using their working
capital and thus their costs could not be solely blamed on the increase in
private hospital tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes merging in|a bid to weather financial storms

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 590 words


Medical schemes, particularly smaller ones, are merging at a rapid rate as they
struggle to survive financially.

In addition, the likes of doctors and administrators are also considering
mergers to position themselves for a future national health insurance system,
the recent Board of Healthcare|Funders (BHF) conference heard.

Len Deacon, the chief executive officer of Len Deacon & Associates, a healthcare
service provider, and the principal officer of Topmed medical scheme, told the
conference that medical schemes have disappeared over the 16 years from 1994 to
the end of 2009.

The Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2009/10, which was released
earlier this month, shows that the number of schemes has fallen since 2000, from
144 to 110 last year. Over this 10-year period, the number of open medical
schemes has decreased from 47 in 2000 to 33 last year. Twenty restricted schemes
have disappeared over the past decade: there were 97 in 2000 and only 77 remain.

The council's annual report notes that small medical schemes have experienced
the greatest decline, the number of medium-sized schemes has increased slightly
and the number of large schemes has remained constant over the past 10 years.

While the number of schemes has decreased, there has been an increase in the
number of options registered per scheme. On average, there were 5.7 options per
open scheme last year (up from five in 2000) and 2.1 per restricted scheme (up
from 1.8 in 2000).

The council has received applications from two new schemes seeking to register,
but these schemes have yet to launch.

Getting together

According to the council's annual report, on January 1 this year Medicover and
Liberty merged, Bestmed and Telemed merged, and Medcor members transferred to
the Government Employees Medical Scheme.

Amalgamations continued throughout the year, with Afrisam merging with Discovery
Health in June, Umed merging with Discovery in July, Momentum and Ingwe merging
in September, and Medshield and Oxygen due to merge in October.

Currently, there are at least two other proposed mergers: Thebemed and Suremed,
and Sizwe and Gen-Health. Proposals for the mergers have been lodged with the
Council for Medical Schemes and objections have been called for, according to a
council circular.

Bernie Clark, the head of|actuarial services and consulting at Alexander Forbes
Health, told the BHF conference that trustees must be very careful when pursuing
scheme mergers, because the devil is in the detail.

Members of merging schemes are entitled to view the exposition documents that
set out what effect the proposed merger will have on each scheme.

Clark says that a worthwhile merger should result in an improvement in the
solvency ratio (the reserves as a percentage of the contribution income), the
non-healthcare costs, membership profiles (average age and pensioner ratio),
claims patterns, contribution levels and the budget of the merged scheme when
compared with those of the individual schemes involved.

He says trustees and members should also consider differences in how chronic
diseases are covered, in preferred and designated healthcare service providers,
in disease interventions, formularies and protocols, and in tariffs and
co-payments. There may also be differences in scheme rules. For example, adult
dependant rules may differ, particularly if one of the schemes is restricted.

Trustees need to beware of penalties for terminating scheme contracts and the
liabilities the accepting scheme may take on from the transferring scheme, Clark
says.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                             5 - Preprints Edition

Schemes in the spotlight: Sorting out facts from fiction - MERGERS AND
ACQUISITIONS: A special advertising report

BYLINE: TONY DAMIAN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 804 words


SCHEMES of arrangement have become a familiar part of the Australian M&A
landscape in the last decade. So, too, have the largely misplaced criticisms of
schemes, often emanating from shareholders wanting their stakes to determine the
outcome of listed company auctions.

Amidst this debate, the Government's Corporations and Markets Advisory Committee
(CAMAC) has recently released a Discussion Paper examining the role schemes play
and what reform is needed.

CAMAC has helpfully come out with reform proposals in favour of the use of
schemes. That conclusion represents sound policy. It also takes into account the
facts, and not just the myths, surrounding schemes and is consistent with merger
practice in key international jurisdictions.

The approval threshold required for a bidder in a scheme is at the centre of the
controversy.

A scheme requires target company shareholder approval. The threshold for
approval is at least 75 per cent of the votes cast, along with a majority by
number of shareholders voting.

To achieve compulsory acquisition in a takeover, a bidder needs to acquire at
least 90 per cent of the target company's shares. While the approval threshold
in a scheme can be lower than in a takeover, it is not always the case. That
will depend on voter turnout as well as the bidder's starting stake. It can
actually be harder to have a deal approved because a scheme is used.

So what is the policy argument in favour of the continued use of schemes?

In short, schemes facilitate an efficient market for control of public
companies. A balance needs to be struck between facilitating change of control
deals and protecting minority rights. Schemes facilitate auctions by ensuring
that a 10 per cent stake will not always stop shareholders receiving higher
offers from counter-bidders.

In assessing whether schemes adequately protect minority shareholders, it is
inappropriate to look at voting thresholds in isolation.

A scheme is subject to a wide range of protective features that are not present
in a takeover. In a scheme, disclosure is comprehensively scrutinised by ASIC. A
scheme must pass muster with both the target board and the report of an
independent expert.

The court also scrutinises schemes. Unlike in takeovers, proponents of schemes
are often required to put on evidence to the court that any lock-up devices,
such as break fees and no shop clauses, were the result of arm's length
negotiation between the parties. To regulate the appropriate use of schemes, the
Corporations Act contains a takeover avoidance provision.

It provides that a scheme should not be approved unless ASIC has provided a
certificate of no objection or the court is satisfied that it has not been
proposed for the purpose of takeover avoidance.

While casting an unnecessary shadow of doubt over schemes, they have to date
survived various challenges. There are usually a range of factors that lead
parties to use the scheme procedure, including the all or nothing outcome
delivered by a scheme, which is important where a bidder requires 100 per cent
ownership.

Critics offer various arguments as to why the use of schemes should be
curtailed. It is often said schemes end auctions, a fiction laid waste by the
numerous schemes that have been trumped by competing deals.

It is also suggested schemes generally sneak through with low approval levels
(noting a number of recent schemes where the majority was more than 99 per cent
of votes cast being in favour, such as in each of the Zinifex, Coles Group,
Promina and Excel Coal schemes). Critics also lament the fact that takeovers
have been consigned to history.

This is also incorrect. At least one M&A information service suggests that for
deals in excess of $500 million this year, there have been more takeovers than
schemes.

Is the Australian M&A landscape unique in its use of a statutory merger
procedure? In the world's two most organised capital markets, it is certainly no
harder to effect mergers.

In Delaware, legal home to roughly half of the companies that comprise the S&P
500 index, a merger can be achieved by a simple majority vote at which the
bidder can cast votes on its shareholding. In the UK, the scheme procedure is
very much like ours, but without the burden of the takeover avoidance provision
that we have.

Restricting schemes would, therefore, be out of step with the more advanced
capital markets of the world.

CAMAC's discussion on schemes is to be welcomed and is a helpful starting point
for reform in the area to recognise the important role schemes play in the
Australian M&A landscape.

Policy makers should not succumb to misplaced arguments that jeopardise the
broader public benefits from an efficient market for control of listed
companies.

* Tony Damian is an M&A partner of Freehills and is co-author of Schemes,
Takeovers and Himalayan Peaks.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Understand the differences between the types of network your scheme may set up

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 829 words


Medical schemes are increasingly using networks of healthcare providers. The
option that you have joined may have networks of general practitioners (GPs),
specialists, optometrists, pathologists or pharmacists.

You need to know when you should use one of these networks if you want your
scheme to pay your claim, or if you want to avoid a co-payment.

You should also know when, although it is optional to use a network, it would be
in your interest to do so, because your claim will be paid in full.

Networks are the best way for schemes to protect themselves against the rising
costs of health care.

Here are some of the terms that your medical scheme may use:

Designated service provider FOR prescribed minimum benefits

A scheme may appoint a designated service provider (DSP) that you must use to be
covered for a prescribed minimum benefit (PMB).

The PMBs cover all medical emergencies, a list of conditions that are
life-threatening or that can seriously affect your quality of life if left
untreated and 25 common chronic conditions.

A DSP is a provider or a group of providers chosen by the scheme as its
preferred provider or providers for the diagnosis, treatment and care of a PMB
condition. The Council for Medical Schemes states that if a scheme appoints a
DSP, it must name the DSP in the scheme's rules and have a contract with the
provider.

If a scheme has appointed a DSP and members use a non-DSP for a PMB service, the
scheme may impose a co-payment or deductible. The co-payment or deductible must
be defined in the scheme's rules, and the co-payment cannot be 100 percent of
the cost of the service.

A co-payment of up to 25 percent of the cost of the service, or equal to the
difference between what it would have cost the scheme had the member used the
DSP and the actual cost of the service, is considered by the regulator to be
fair.

However, if you obtain a PMB service from a|non-DSP involuntarily, a scheme may
not impose a|co-payment or deductible. A PMB service is obtained involuntarily
when:

u The service was not available from the DSP or was not available without
unreasonable delay;

u The member or his or her dependant required immediate treatment, or it was not
reasonable to expect the beneficiary to travel to the DSP in order to be
treated; or

u There was no DSP within reasonable proximity to the beneficiary's place of
business or residence.

The terms "unreasonable delay" or "reasonable proximity" are not defined.

A scheme's DSP may be the same as its provider network for non-PMBs or its
preferred provider.

Designated Provider for non-PMBs

Medical schemes typically offer cheaper contributions on options that make use
of provider networks. On these options, if you do not use the specified
healthcare providers, you will face a co-payment, or your treatment will not be
covered at all.

Often, a scheme's DSP for non-PMBs will also be its DSP for PMBs.

Typically, a scheme will contract with a hospital group, a network of GPs or a
primary healthcare network, such as CareCross.

Schemes may also offer certain benefits, such as oncology or dentistry, through
a network.

On Fedhealth's options, members who visit a doctor within the scheme's GP
network will have their consultation paid for by the scheme.

Preferred provider

A medical scheme may set up a network of preferred healthcare providers.

Although, unlike a DSP, members do not have to use a preferred provider, if they
do, they will be charged preferential rates and/or in the case of benefits paid
for by the scheme, they will enjoy full cover.

Schemes often set up preferred provider networks of specialists. These
specialists agree to charge at the scheme's rate, so they are assured that the
scheme will cover your bill in full. (If a specialist charges more than the
scheme's rate, the scheme pays you, the member, its rate, and you need to pay
over that amount, as well as the balance, to the specialist.)

The incentive for specialists to agree to charge at the scheme's rate is that
the scheme, in turn, agrees to pay them directly, which reduces specialists'
risk of bad debt. Some members do not reimburse specialists with the money their
scheme has paid them for a claim.

Discovery Health offers specialists in its network a higher rate than it pays
members for specialists not in its network.

Alain Peddle, Discovery Health's head of research and development, says
specialists and GPs in its network opt into the network rather than the scheme
choosing them.

Other preferred provider networks may be set up with, for example, a group of
optometrists, with whom the scheme has negotiated a preferential rate.

For example, Discovery Health has set up a preferred provider arrangement with a
supplier of expensive medical equipment, such as wheelchairs. Members of the
schemes that Discovery Health administers who do not use this supplier will be
reimbursed only at the Discovery Health rate for these appliances, which is
equal to the rate that members would obtain if they used the supplier.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 09, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Are the minimum medical benefits|working for you?;
If you have an illness that is one of the prescribed minimum benefits, make sure
you are not losing out on the cover that your medical scheme should provide so
that the costs of treating your illness are paid in full. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 972 words


Eleven years after the Medical Schemes Act introduced the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) to ensure that you receive essential treatment for medical
emergencies and illnesses that threaten the quality of your life, these benefits
are still mired in controversy and confusion.

The PMBs:

u Are the subject of a court case over how they should be interpreted;

u Have been blamed as the major driver of the cost of medical scheme cover; and

u Are widely misunderstood by medical scheme members.

In the meantime, work is progressing on projects to ensure there is greater
clarity about the benefits to which you are entitled and when you are entitled
to claim them, as well as to inform you of your rights (see "Definitions will
clarify how you should be treated", right).

A major court case that pits medical schemes against healthcare providers is
playing out in the North Gauteng High Court. Schemes, the Council for Medical
Schemes and providers are arguing over whether regulations under the Medical
Schemes Act mean that the PMBs should be paid at scheme rates or at whatever
rate a provider charges. Final papers have been filed in the case, which is
expected to be heard in the next two months.

Schemes represented by the Board of Healthcare Funders are challenging the
Council for Medical Schemes' view that the PMBs must be paid at the rates at
which providers invoice schemes.

The schemes believe that if they could pay claims at the rates they set, they
will be able to contain the cost of claims, and hence your contributions,
better.

The court case may provide some evidence on whether or not the PMBs are to blame
for rising member contributions.

most members in the dark

Meanwhile, a recent survey by Old Mutual Actuaries & Consultants (Omac) has
found that medical schemes, employers that|subsidise their employees' scheme
contributions and brokers all regard the PMBs|as the biggest driver of medical
scheme costs - and containing these costs is their biggest concern.

The survey highlights an alarming ignorance of the PMBs among medical scheme
members and a lack of appreciation for the protection that these benefits offer
them. Only 15 percent of the members surveyed understood the PMBs, while only 19
percent of the schemes surveyed said their members understood the PMBs.

Margaret Hulme, the head of healthcare consulting at Omac, says that medical
scheme members generally do not understand their PMB entitlements, nor do they
know where or how to access their benefits, and, as a result, they do not
appreciate the PMBs. The survey found that members who need or use the PMBs have
a greater understanding of them.

The findings show that schemes do not apply the PMBs uniformly, which adds to
members' confusion, Hulme says.

Closed schemes, the survey found, generally are more lenient when it comes to
the PMBs and implement fewer of the control measures that are allowed by law.

Closed schemes could tighten up on the provision of PMBs, and this would reduce
their costs, the survey says (see page 5).

Knowledge is power

While confusion reigns over the inter-|pretation of the PMB regulations, and the
benefits remain ill-defined and information is scant, your best defence as a
member of a medical scheme is to be as informed as you can and to ask as many
questions as possible.

The law is on your side, but your ignorance of it could thwart your attempts to
have your PMB claims paid. You need to ensure that:

u You are not paying for claims that should be paid by your scheme;

u Your scheme is not paying your PMB claims out of your medical savings account;

u You are not losing out on treatment to which you are entitled; and

u You are not resorting to using state facilities when you should be covered for
treatment in the private sector.

Because they are unaware of their rights, many people give up after their scheme
rejects their claim or pays it from their medical savings account.

However, large medical schemes have told Personal Finance that their
administration systems are sometimes unable to identify PMBs, resulting in
claims being rejected when they should not be.

Personal Finance has also come across cases where administration systems have
failed to pay legitimate claims and cases where schemes have incorrectly stated
that the PMBs do not extend to a treatment (see "Members reverse schemes'
rejection of their claims" on page 3).

Your doctor should know the conditions for which schemes must provide benefits,
but practitioners are often vague about your rights, saying only that the scheme
should cover the treatment.

They may not be familiar with the rules of your scheme or the procedures your
scheme expects you to follow to qualify for the PMBs. Often, schemes do not
communicate these procedures well, or, as the Omac survey found, members often
do not read the information that their scheme sends them.

Personal Finance canvassed six large open medical schemes on how they deal with
PMB claims. We found that they follow a confusing array of procedures: at times
your claim may be identified and paid automatically, but at other times you may
be expected to follow some kind of authorisation process (see "How to ensure
that your medical scheme will pay your PMB claim" on page 3).

A Cape Town endocrinologist treats mostly diabetes and thyroid
patients.|Diabetes type 1 and 2, and hypothyroidism are among the common chronic
conditions that are listed as PMBs. Hyperthyroidism is also a PMB.

However, the specialist says that many of his patients consult him until the
funds in their medical savings accounts run out. One patient even made use of
state facilities after her savings account was depleted. These members are not
aware that their treatment should be paid for by the scheme and not from their
medical savings accounts. Their benefits should not run out at all during the
year for PMB treatment.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

The scheme's size and membership profile

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 509 words


number of members

With medical schemes, bigger is often better. The competitiveness of a scheme
depends largely on the profile and size of its membership base. Bigger schemes
have greater bargaining power with healthcare service providers and should be
able to provide more competitive benefits. They should also achieve economies of
scale and be able to negotiate competitive administration and managed care
contracts.

Larger medical schemes typically have a bigger pool of reserves, which makes
them better able to withstand periods of high claims. They also run less risk of
their contribution income being depleted by high claims from sicker, older
members because there are more younger, healthier members to subsidise the high
claimers.

A medical scheme with only a few thousand members may be new and growing, but if
its member numbers are falling it may need to consider merging with another
scheme or it could face liquidation.

Membership growth

You or your broker should also consider whether the number of members of a
scheme is growing or declining.

A scheme should always be signing up new, ideally younger and healthier,
members, because if it doesn't, its membership base will get older each year and
the cost of their claims will increase.

As long as there is no way to compensate schemes for having older or sicker
members, schemes need to continually attract younger members to subsidise the
costs of the older members.

A steady decline in a scheme's membership could indicate that members are
unhappy with the scheme's administration or its benefits.

A scheme should, however, not be growing at all costs - for example allowing new
members to join without waiting periods. Such growth can ultimately be
detrimental to the scheme.

Exposure to GEMS

In 2006 the Department of Public Service and Administration established a
restricted medical scheme, the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems), for
all government employees.

The government has been incentivising its employees who were members of other
medical schemes to move to Gems by offering a higher subsidy to Gems members
than to members of other schemes. As a result, government employees have been
leaving other open medical schemes in large numbers. This has affected - and
continues to affect - schemes that have a high proportion of government
employees among their members.

These schemes stand not only to lose members to Gems, but the loss of such
members may impact negatively on claims, because government employees are
generally lower-claiming members.

Rating agency Global Credit Ratings keeps track of the exposure to government
employees of each open medical scheme it surveys.

Average age and pensioner ratio

You or your broker should also consider the average age of a scheme's members
and dependants as well as the pensioner ratio. If a scheme has a higher average
age and/or a higher pensioner ratio than the average age or average pensioner
ratio for all schemes, it will face higher claims and hence probably charge
higher contributions than schemes with a lower average age.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Head Line: European Patent Office granted patent to NEC SOLUTION INNOVATORS LTD
[JP] titled as "SCHEME RECOMMENDATION DEVICE, SCHEME RECOMMENDATION METHOD, AND
SCHEME RECOMMENDATION PROGRAM"

LENGTH: 241 words

DATELINE: New York


Munich: European Patent Office has granted patent no. EP3121785 on January 25,
2017, to NEC SOLUTION INNOVATORS LTD [JP] titled as "SCHEME RECOMMENDATION
DEVICE, SCHEME RECOMMENDATION METHOD, AND SCHEME RECOMMENDATION PROGRAM"

Inventor(s): TAGUCHI TAKEHIRO [JP] + (TAGUCHI, Takehiro)



Applicant(s): NEC SOLUTION INNOVATORS LTD [JP] + (NEC Solution Innovators, Ltd)

Priority number(s): JP20140055840 20140319 ; WO2014JP06265 20141216

According to the abstract published by the European Patent Office on its
website: "A scheme result determination unit 81 determines, for each scheme
executed by each user, whether the execution of the scheme by the user is
successful or failed, based on a duration of the execution of the scheme by the
user and a duration threshold or range used to determine whether or not the
scheme is successful. A combination generation unit 82 generates, for each user,
a combination including a failed scheme and a successful scheme based on a
result of the determination, the failed scheme being a scheme determined as
failed, and the successful scheme being a scheme determined as successful. A
scheme recommendation unit 83, when a scheme recognized as failed is input,
extracts a combination including the failed scheme that matches the input scheme
from the generated combinations, and recommends the successful scheme included
in the extracted combination."

The patent was filed under Application No. EP20140886648 20141216


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       April 22, 2013 Monday 9:43 AM  EST

SCHEMES FOR DEVELOPMENT OF TEXTILE INDUSTRY IN BIHAR

LENGTH: 308 words


NEW DELHI, April 22 -- The government of India issued the following news
release:

The Government is implementing various schemes for the development of the
textile industry in the country. The following schemes of the Ministry of
Textiles are in operation on all India basis including Bihar:

1. JUTE SECTOR

(i) Scheme No. 7.2: Helping NGOs & Women Self Help Groups [WSHGs] for developing
Jute Diversified Products (JDPs)

(ii) Scheme No. 7.3: Scheme for Promotion of Jute Diversification

2. POWERLOOM SECTOR

i) Group Insurance Scheme to the powerloom workers

ii) Group Workshed Scheme

iii) Integrated scheme for Powerloom Sector Development

a) Marketing Development programme for Powerloom Sector

b) Exposure visit by powerloom weavers to other clusters

c) Powerloom Cluster Development

d) Development & Upgradation of skills (HRD)

3. COTTON SECTOR

i) Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS)

4. SILK SECTOR

i) Catalytic Development Programme" (CDP)

5. HUMAN RESOURCES

i) Integrated Skill Development Scheme (ISDS)

6. EXPORT SECTOR

i) Common compliance Code Scheme.

7. SCHEME FOR INTEGRATED TEXTILE PARKS (SITP)

8. HANDICRAFT SECTOR

1. Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hastshilp Vikas Yojana;

2. Design & Technology Upgradation Scheme;

3. Marketing Support Services Scheme;

4. Research & Development Scheme;

5. Human Resource Development Scheme;

6. Handicraft Artisans Comprehensive Welfare Scheme;

9. HANDLOOM SECTOR

1. Integrated handlooms Development Scheme

2. Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme

3. Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme

4. Mill Gate Price Scheme

5. Diversified Handloom Development Scheme

This information was given by the Minister of State in the Ministry of Textiles,
Smt. Panabaaka Lakshmi in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical scheme members in for hefty increases;
The contribution increases for next year announced by Discovery Health and
Resolution indicate that contributions will be far higher than the Council for
Medical Schemes's benchmark increase of inflation plus three percentage points.
Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1184 words


Medical scheme members are likely to face contribution increases next year that
are a lot higher than inflation and their salary increases.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme, the largest scheme in South Africa, this week
announced an increase of 7.9 percent in its contributions for next year, while
Resolution announced an increase of 8.6 percent for next year. These are the
first two medical schemes to announce their increases for 2011, with other
schemes likely to announce their increases in the next month or two.

Discovery Health, the administrator of Discovery Health Medical Scheme, predicts
that its increase will be about two to three percentage points below the average
increase of all the other schemes.

Sources at one large open scheme told Personal Finance that its increase will be
above 10 percent.

The latest consumer price index (CPI) figures for the year to July put the
inflation rate at 3.7 percent, but medical inflation is typically higher than
CPI and is currently about eight percent.

The Council for Medical Schemes has instructed medical schemes to justify any
contribution increases that are above CPI plus three percentage points.

Alain Peddle, Discovery Health's head of research and development, says that
schemes need to increase their contributions each year based on the following
three factors:

u The prices that healthcare providers, such as doctors, hospitals and
pharmacies, will charge;

u Expected changes in the extent to which people use medical ser-vices and
newer, usually more expensive, medical technology; and

u The financial position of the scheme, including the scheme's reserves as a
percentage of its contribution income (or solvency level) and its operating
profit or loss in the current financial year.

Peddle says Discovery Health believes that many schemes will be under more
pressure than Discovery Health Medical Scheme in these three areas.

cost drivers

When it comes to the prices that healthcare providers charge, Discovery believes
its agreements with doctors and other providers will cushion it from the impact
of factors that are likely to drive contribution increases. Peddle says these
factors include:

u Proposed increases in dispensing fees for pharmacists. If medical schemes pay
the proposed dispensing fees in full - that is, they do not have contracts with
pharmacy groups to pay lower dispensing fees - their claims will increase by R2
billion next year, and this alone will require an increase of one percent in
contributions, Peddle says.

u The Reference Price List (RPL) - a list of guideline tariffs for medical
services - has been struck down by the High Court, because the process in terms
of which the RPL was drawn up was flawed. The providers who challenged the RPL
said its rates were too low.

Schemes that do not have contracts with providers will have to settle on their
own rates to pay providers. They run the risk that if they set rates too low,
members could face co-payments.

The absence of guideline tariffs could therefore prove inflationary for some
schemes, Peddle says.

u Clarification of the definitions of the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) and
the extent to which schemes are liable for paying for the PMBs, especially in
the absence of the RPL, could see schemes facing higher costs for these
benefits. (The PMBs are benefits that all schemes must by law provide.)

Peddle says many open schemes have been underpricing their contributions in
order to attract members, incurring operating losses and using up their
reserves.

He says five of the 12 largest open schemes after Discovery Health Medical
Scheme have reserves below the required level of 25 percent of contributions.

Peddle says all of 12 next-largest open medical schemes made operating losses
last year, which means their contributions are too low to cover their costs.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme is in a strong financial position, with reserves
above the legal limit, and it made an operating surplus last year. Despite this,
its contribution increase for next year is higher than the Council for Medical
Schemes's benchmark of CPI plus three percentage points.

Peddle says another reason many open schemes are likely to increase their
contributions by more than that announced by Discovery Health Medical Scheme is
because their average age has increased, while the average age of Discovery
Health Medical Scheme members has decreased. As scheme members age they tend to
use more healthcare services, he says.

Discovery says its decision to increase its contributions by 7.9 percent is
based on a number of factors:

u Inflation of between four and 7.5 percent in the tariffs charged by hospitals
and healthcare professionals, and the cost of medicines.

u The ageing of its membership and an increase in the utilisation of medical
services. One percentage point of the 7.9-percent increase is to cover these
costs. Jonathan Broomberg, the chief executive of Discovery Health, says people
are living longer with an increasing incidence of severe illness.

u New medical technologies (0.4 of a percentage point).

u Growth in membership, which has required the scheme to increase the
contributions to its reserves to keep its solvency ratio at 25 percent.

membership growth

Broomberg says Discovery Health's membership has grown by 17 percent off a high
base since the start of 2009. This has added 139 000 lives during 2009 and 2010,
to bring the total number of lives covered by Discovery to more than two
million.

Discovery's "Discoverer" publication says that while membership growth has
long-term positive effects and a scheme needs to grow to keep the average age of
the scheme low, it puts pressure on the scheme's reserves in the short term.

Peddle says open schemes are showing a decline in their solvency levels despite
a decline in the membership of these schemes.

A decline in membership usually results in an increase in solvency (as member
numbers decrease, so too does contribution income, but reserves remain,
resulting in an increase in the solvency ratio).

The 12 largest open medical schemes after Discovery have lost 38 700
beneficiaries since the beginning of last year, Peddle says.

In addition, reports from a credit ratings agency, Global Credit Ratings, show
that the investment income earned by open schemes as a percentage of
contribution income has declined over the past four years, from 5.6 percent of
contribution income in 2006 to 4.4 percent last year.

Peddle also says that Global Credit Ratings's reports show that over the past
few years, many open schemes have budgeted for smaller losses than they actually
incurred. This indicates that their claims are worse than anticipated.

Schemes that have had membership losses show larger increases in the average age
of the membership, Peddle says, and this in turn will affect their claims.

Schemes that have run down their reserves to the legal limit, have had operating
losses, have lost members, or have few contracts with healthcare providers, or
any combination of these factors, are most likely to implement a higher
contribution increase than that announced by Discovery Health, Peddle says.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                October 12, 2009
                               Law Review Edition

Local schemes see change in rules

BYLINE: MAGDA SNYCKERS

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 926  words


Local schemes see change in rules

Collective investment scheme distribution to follow flow-through principle

Collective investment scheme

Edward Nathan Sonnenbergs

APORTFOLIO in a collective investment scheme in securities is currently treated
as a company for income tax purposes, even though its legal form is that of a
trust.

As a result of this, any distribution of the income earned by a collective
investment scheme constitutes a dividend. Such dividends are exempt in the hands
of the holders of participation rights in the scheme (the "unit holders") except
to the extent that they are distributed from income which was exempt in the
hands of the scheme under section 10(1)(iA) of the Income Tax Act.

Income generated by a collective investment scheme from its investments, such as
interest income, is typically exempt in terms of section 10(1)(iA). Foreign
dividends are treated differently in that they are deemed to accrue directly to
the unit holders in terms of paragraph (k) of the gross income definition.

In this year's budget review it was proposed that distributions by a local
collective investment scheme should follow a flow-through principle. The
Taxation Laws Amendment Act of 2009 contains these changes.

The explanatory memorandum to the act says the reason for the changes is the
difficulty experienced with the current dispensation. Although special
provisions exist to ensure the collective investment scheme effectively
functions as a flow-through entity, these provisions are not consistent. To
illustrate the inconsistency, the example of a long-term insurance company is
given. A long-term insurance company calculates a percentage in terms of section
29A(11) of the act (the "expense relief ratio") to determine what percentage of
its indirect expenses relating to the sale of policies it may claim as a tax
deduction. If the long-term insurance company receives interest income it has a
more beneficial effect on the expense relief ratio than the receipt of taxable
dividends. Currently, the act does not contain special provisions to treat the
taxable dividends as interest for purposes of calculating the expense relief
ratio, even though the underlying amounts represent collective investment scheme
distributions derived from interest.

To give effect to the intended flow-through treatment of a collective investment
scheme, the following principle changes are proposed by the act (these changes
are proposed to come into operation from the commencement of the years of
assessment commencing on or after January 1 2010):

oIn future the scheme, which is set up under the Collective Investment Schemes
Act, will not be treated as a company for income tax purposes, except in certain
limited instances. A foreign collective investment scheme will still be treated
as a company and the changes discussed in this article are not applicable to a
foreign scheme.

oThe definition of "person" in the new legislation will be amended to include a
portfolio of a collective investment scheme. The instances where a portfolio of
a scheme will still be treated as a company relate to the connected person
definition and the group relief provisions. If a scheme were treated as a trust,
for purposes of the connected person definition, then all the unit holders would
be deemed connected persons in relation to each other which would lead to absurd
results.

oThe act proposes introducing a new section 25BA to legislate the conduit
principle in respect of the income received by a scheme. Section 25BA provides
that any amount, other than an amount of a capital nature, received by, or
accrued to, a portfolio of such a scheme must, to the extent that the amount is
distributed by that portfolio to a unit holder within 12 months of its receipt
by that portfolio, be deemed to have directly accrued to the unit holder on the
date of the distribution.

To the extent that the amount is not distributed by the scheme within 12 months
of its receipt, such amount will be deemed to have accrued to the collective
investment scheme and will be taxed in its hands. Section 25BA replaces the
existing exemption for income accrued to a collective investment scheme which is
contained in section 10(1)(iA) and the special rules which deemed foreign
dividends to directly accrue to the unit holders.

The existing capital gains tax exemption for the scheme, which is contained in
paragraph 61 of the eighth schedule, is retained.

Although the proposed changes appear to address the taxation of income received
by collective investment schemes and distributions made by scheme fund managers
should take note of the following issues which arise from the proposed changes:

oThe act does not specifically provide for the deduction of costs by a
collective investment scheme, such as the management fees, and normal principles
would therefore apply.

oNo changes have been proposed to the controlled foreign company rules as a
result of the changes to the taxation of a scheme. This begs the question of
whether investments by a scheme in a foreign company, where the scheme holds
more than 50% of the participation rights, would constitute a controlled foreign
company of such investment scheme or the unit holder in the scheme?

o In practice at present a scheme may not be paying tax, but such a scheme is
still subject to tax. Any income trapped in the collective investment scheme
according to the provisions of the proposed section 25BA or the controlled
foreign company rules, would in future be taxed at the rate of 40% instead of
the companies' tax rate of 28%.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                                   e2 Edition

Troubled Renaissance 'can be nursed back to health'

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 742 words


Renaissance Medical Scheme has debts amounting to about R44 million, but the
court-appointed curator of the scheme believes it can regain financial
stability.

Mzi Nkonki, the chairperson of accounting and auditing firm Nkonki, was
appointed curator of the scheme last month after Patrick Masobe, the Registrar
of Medical Schemes, applied to the Johannesburg High Court for a curatorship
order.

Masobe's application was based on the medical scheme's failure to meet the
required reserve levels, increasing complaints from members about unpaid claims
and evidence that the trustees were no longer in control of the scheme.

Nkonki was asked to make a rapid assessment of the scheme's financial affairs
and the causes of its problems, and to report back to Masobe within three weeks.

This week, the registrar's office released an announcement from Nkonki to the
effect that he "is confident that, with the support of the members, the scheme
stands a good chance of regaining financial stability".

Problems and prospects

Masobe says Nkonki has established that Renaissance has a good membership
profile and that the scheme has not enacted many of the measures that other
schemes have implemented to control costs.

The measures that the scheme could consider implementing include introducing
co-payments, a formulary for chronic medication, and effective hospital
pre-authorisation and management programmes for diseases such as HIV, diabetes
and asthma.

Another measure aimed at curbing the scheme's costs that the curator is
apparently looking into concerns Renaissance's administration and managed
healthcare costs.

In addition, Masobe says, Nkonki found that the scheme's contributions were low
relative to the market and would still remain competitive even after a
substantial increase.

Masobe says the curator has ringfenced the scheme's debts and is using current
contributions to pay current claims and other expenses.

Masobe says Nkonki has been engaged in negotiations with hospitals, pharmacies,
and dental and optical networks contracted to the scheme to ensure that they
continue to provide healthcare services to the scheme's members.

The curator was able to obtain agreement from some providers, but others
apparently continue to harass the scheme's members in attempts to get them to
pay the outstanding claims.

He plans to approach some providers regarding a settlement of the debts the
scheme owes them.

The registrar had asked the court to put Renaissance under curatorship in the
hopes that a curator could nurse the scheme back to health and prevent it being
placed in liquidation, which would have left members to face unpaid claims.

Many of the scheme's members have already voted with their feet. From a high of
about 12 000 members, the scheme now has about 8 550 members.

Masobe says it appears there wasn't any malfeasance on the part of the trustees
of the scheme, but rather a lack of proper oversight and administration that was
not optimal.

The trustees did not have their finger on the pulse and weren't getting proper
management accounts, he says.

In his report, Masobe says, Nkonki attributed Renaissance's problems in part to
its very rapid membership growth - in 2007 alone, the scheme's members grew by
60 percent - and the changes in the scheme's demographics as a result. This
impacted negatively on the scheme's claims.

Medical inflation and the introduction of the chronic condition prescribed
minimum benefits in 2004 also hurt the scheme's finances.

As a result of inadequate monitoring of the scheme's financial performance, in
part due to a delay in processing claims and in part because the trustees were
not given sufficient data on the scheme's claim patterns, the scheme failed to
take action to curb its claims. Last year, claims reached a level that exceeded
contributions before any non-healthcare costs were taken into account, Nkonki
reported to Masobe.

Hospital deal

Masobe says the curator is not pursuing the R36-million deal the scheme's
administrator, Prosperity Health, was attempting to negotiate with hospitals
because it would have involved a loan on the scheme's books and would not have
changed its financial position.

Bertus Struwig, the chief executive officer of the Prosperity Group, earlier
told Personal Finance he was attempting to secure a R36-million write-back of
hospital claims the scheme had paid to Netcare in 2007.

Struwig said in terms of the deal, the administrator would then repay the
hospital group.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Prescribed benefits a blank cheque for doctors - scheme;
Samwumed medical scheme says it is time the authorities put a stop to healthcare
providers charging schemes more or less what they like for treating scheme
members in terms of the prescribed minimum benefits. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1138 words


Medical schemes have appealed to the government to urgently review the
procedures covered by the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) and to regulate the
tariffs that doctors and other healthcare providers can charge for these
benefits.

But one scheme is tired of waiting for the government to act and is taking up
the cudgels on the issue in the form of an appeal to the Council for Medical
Schemes.

Samwu National Medical Scheme (Samwumed), a restricted scheme for municipal
staff, hopes to end the current situation in which, it says, the PMB legislation
grants healthcare providers a blank cheque to charge schemes what they like for
treatment in terms of these benefits.

Samwumed is challenging a ruling by the office of the Registrar of Medical
Schemes, Patrick Masobe, that compels it to pay in full an anaesthetist who
treated one of its members, who had an emergency Caesarean, and her baby, who
was in respiratory distress.

The anaesthetist, Dr A Putterman, had complained to the Council for Medical
Schemes that his bill for R5 222 should be paid in full because the services he
had provided were covered by the PMBs.

Samwumed responded that Putterman had charged about 240 percent of the R2 148
the scheme would normally pay in terms of its tariffs for healthcare providers.

Samwumed's tariffs are based on the National Health Reference Price List (NHRPL)
rates adjusted for inflation. The NHRPL is a list of guideline tariffs used by
schemes.

The registrar's office upheld Putterman's complaint on the grounds that when a
member is treated involuntarily in the case of an emergency, a medical scheme
must pay for the full cost of the treatment.

Samwumed has now lodged an appeal against the ruling. This appeal is due to be
heard by the full 15-member Council for Medical Schemes. (The registrar is the
executive officer of the Council for Medical Schemes responsible for managing
its affairs.)

The scheme says in challenging the council's ruling it is attempting to deal
with "carefully orchestrated profit-mongering by certain health service
providers".

"The ruling by the registrar, if not properly challenged, will allow some
providers to continue taking advantage of the system to enrich themselves at the
expense of medical schemes and their members," Neil Nair, the fund officer at
Samwu-med, says.

"While the cartel-like activities of some specialist groups is a cause for grave
concern, the Council for Medical Schemes's ruling seems to vindicate their
questionable tactics," Nair says.

Medical schemes have long been complaining about being price- takers when it
comes to the PMBs and have accused healthcare providers of hiking the prices of
PMB services for which they know schemes are obliged to pay.

Some medical schemes have even alleged that healthcare providers have come to
know the treatment codes for services that schemes are obliged to pay for in
full, and are abusing these codes to have patients' bills covered in full.

Nair claims schemes that represent about half the membership of the country's
medical schemes support Samwumed's appeal.

Litigation ill-advised

But the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), the body that represents schemes, has
urged schemes not to back litigation on schemes' open-ended liability for PMBs
because Minister of Health Manto Tshabalala-Msimang undertook at the Private
Healthcare Indaba in September to look into the issue.

Heidi Kruger, the BHF's head of corporate communications, says although the BHF
supports Samwu-med's objection to paying the anaesthetist's bill in full, it
does not support litigation at this crucial stage in the discussions.

Kruger says the BHF is of the view that to embark on litigation now would show
bad faith on the part of the medical schemes industry, which participated in the
indaba, and could serve to antagonise the minister.

In addition, she says, the BHF's view is that litigation could be costly and it
could take up to two years to obtain a final decision, whereas the minister can
amend the PMB regulations in four or five months.

Kruger says medical schemes have told Tshabalala-Msimang that the PMBs need to
be revised to include more preventative and primary care rather than the
numerous hospital procedures that are currently covered. Revising the PMBs in
this way would also make them cheaper, Kruger says.

In terms of the Medical Schemes Act and its regulations, medical schemes are
obliged to pay in full for the diagnosis, treatment and care of members in
respect of some 300 PMBs, which cover most life-threatening and emergency
medical cases, as well as 25 common chronic conditions. Schemes are allowed to
insist that you obtain treatment for the PMBs at specific doctors, pharmacies or
hospitals - called designated service providers (DSPs).

But if you need emergency treatment, or the DSP cannot treat you within a
reasonable time or the DSP is not reasonably close to your home or place of
work, the scheme must pay in full the doctor, pharmacy or hospital that does
treat you, regardless of the charge.

Protection for members

Nair says the PMB legislation is intended to protect medical scheme members from
out-of-pocket payments and from having to turn to the state healthcare system
when their benefits are depleted.

"Ironically, what the legislation fails to indicate is what the quantum [amount]
of this tariff should be, creating a wonderful money- spinning opportunity for
some healthcare providers. Some specialists, under the protection of this
ambiguous legislation, are billing schemes in excess of 300 percent of the
acceptable tariff," Nair says.

He says the council's judgment in the Samwumed case is surprising given that
Masobe noted in a circular last year that schemes are facing high charges for
the PMBs, and that provision for full payment of the PMBs is intended to
guarantee access to health care and not to hand providers a "blank cheque".

Nair says he is aware of Tshaba-lala-Msimang's undertaking to look into the
problem of the rates charged for the PMBs, "but what do we do in the interim?"

He says the practice of excessive billing is not being challenged in the
quarters one would expect.

By not challenging a Competition Commission ruling that prevents schemes from
setting tariffs, Nair says, the BHF has "rendered its commitment to equitable
health care redundant".

The BHF is, however, discussing with the Competition Commission possible
exemptions from the Competition Act for medical schemes.

In July this year, Masobe told Personal Finance that the current situation in
which schemes are prevented from negotiating collectively on the prices
healthcare providers can charge them for the PMBs is "not workable".

He said the Council for Medical Schemes, in conjunction with the BHF, is working
on a proposal in terms of which fees for the PMBs could be negotiated, and then
promulgated by the government.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "engage" to Manx Incahoot Ltd

LENGTH: 1091 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Manx Incahoot Ltd, has been granted trademark (UK00003216988) titled
as "engage" from the UK Intellectual Property Office.



  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 9

     Computer software; Computer software platforms; Application software;
Computer Apps; Computer Programmes; Computer software to maintain and operate
computer systems; Computer software for producing financial models; Computer
software for application and database integration; Computer software to enable
the searching of data; Computer software relating to the handling of financial
transactions; Computer programmes for data processing; Databases; Data
terminals; Data processors; Computer database servers; Database management
software; Computer software for providing an interface to other computer
systems, software or databases; Computers for use in data management and
reporting; Computer software for providing integrated access to computer
systems, Computer software relating to the handling of financial transactions;
Computer software to enable solutions for the provision, communication and
administration of employee benefits schemes; Computer software to enable
solutions for the provision, communication and administration of loyalty and
reward schemes; All of the above also provided via the internet.



 Class 35

     Advertising and promotion services; Marketing services; Business
management; Business administration; Business information services; Business
management services; Office functions; Business administration for the
acquisition of goods or services by means of electronic cards, coupons, vouchers
or gift cards; Provision, preparation and compilation of business reports,
surveys, project studies and statistical information; Administrative consultancy
for organising corporate savings schemes; Business consultancy services in
relation to employee benefit schemes; Evaluation of personnel requirements;
Organisation, operation, management and supervision of sales and of promotional
voucher schemes in relation to employee benefit schemes, incentive schemes,
benefits and perks schemes, loyalty schemes, employees benefits packages, staff
motivation and performance schemes; Promotional programmes and promotional
services in relation to employee benefit schemes and loyalty and reward schemes;
Business information services provided on-line from a computer database or the
internet; Business consultancy services in relation to employee benefit schemes;
Business consultancy services in relation to loyalty and reward schemes;
Business services relating to the administration of employee benefit schemes;
Business services relating to the administration of loyalty and rewards schemes,
Advisory and information services relating to employee benefits schemes;
Advisory and information services relating to loyalty and reward schemes;
Organisation, operation and supervision of employee benefit schemes;
Organisation, operation and supervision of loyalty and reward schemes;
Management of customer loyalty, incentive or promotional schemes; Organisation
and management of business incentive and loyalty schemes; Organization,
operation and supervision of sales and promotional incentive schemes; Promoting
the goods and services of others through the distribution of discount and gift
cards; Sales promotion for others provided through the distribution and the
administration of discount and gift cards; Negotiation of commercial
transactions for third parties; Arranging and concluding commercial transactions
for others; Advisory services for preparing and carrying out commercial
transactions; Negotiation and conclusion of commercial transactions for third
parties; Administration of a discount program for enabling participants to
obtain discounts on goods and services through use of a discount membership card
or discount membership scheme; Promoting the goods and services of others;
Promoting the goods and services of others through the distribution of discount
cards; Promoting the sale of goods and services of others by awarding purchase
points for sales transactions and membership activity; Organisation, operation
and supervision of loyalty schemes and incentive schemes; Organisation,
operation and supervision of customer loyalty schemes; Management of customer
loyalty, incentive or promotional schemes; Organisation and management of
business incentive and loyalty schemes; Organization, operation and supervision
of sales and promotional incentive schemes; Organisation, operation and
supervision of sales and promotional incentive schemes.

 Class 36

     Financial services; Insurance services; Automated payment services;
Electronic fund transfer services; Payment processing; Remote payment services;
Bill payment services; Financial payment services; Automated payment services;
Payment administration services; Electronic payment services; Collection of
payments; Credit card payment processing; Payment transaction card services;
Processing debit card transactions for others; Execution of financial
transactions; Issuing of vouchers; Issuing of cash vouchers; Issuing of travel
vouchers; Financial transfers and transactions, and payment services; Provision
of information relating to credit card transactions; Issue and redemption of
vouchers, coupons, cards, tokens and points; Provision of customer inducements
and incentives in the form of money, points, vouchers, gift cards or any other
economic value for promotional employee benefit, customer loyalty, reward, and
incentive programs.

 Class 42

     Computer programming; Computer and software advisory and consultancy
relating to employee benefit, customer loyalty, reward, and incentive programs;
Design services; Design and development of websites; Graphic design services;
Application Service Provider (ASP) featuring an online marketing software
platform to track, integrate, connect, and analyze customer data for the
purposes of building and managing employee benefit, customer loyalty, reward,
and incentive programs, and for facilitating dissemination of promotional offers
across various electronic platforms; Technical consulting services in the field
of customer experience management programs, namely, design of software and
websites to implement and administer employee benefit, customer loyalty,
incentive, and reward programs.



 Filing Date:  7 March 2017



 Date of registration: 24 March 2017



 Representative name:  N/A



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Block Listing Six Monthly Return

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: Ireland


Shire has issued the following news release:

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


2000 Executive Share Option Scheme

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


3,406,623

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


Nil

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


3,406,623*


*There are no further awards outstanding under the 2000 Executive Share Option
Scheme and therefore these shares have been cancelled.

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Sharesave Scheme

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


207,758

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


4,207

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


203,551


Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Portfolio Share Plan

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


1,138,214

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


2,000,000

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


1,353,145

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


1,785,069


Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


524,710

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


2,373

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


522,337


Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Long Term Incentive Plan 2015

Period of return:


From:


May 13, 2015


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


Nil

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


3,000,000

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


Nil

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


3,000,000


Name of contact:


Tony Guthrie, Deputy Company Secretary

Address of contact:


Hampshire International Business Park

Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8EP

Telephone number of contact:


01256 894746

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Govt revamps schemes with new icons;
The ministry says all positive aspects of old schemes will be retained

BYLINE: Rohinee Singh

LENGTH: 506  words


The ministry says all positive aspects of old schemes will be retained

Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Sardar Patel emerge as the new icon for government
schemes. Modi-led government is winding up schemes, like Jawaharlal Nehru
National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) or Rajiv Awas Yojana. Now, the urban
schemes will be launched in the names of Atal Bihari Vajpayee on his birthday
(December 25) and Sardar Patel whose birth anniversary falls on October 31.

The JnNRUM scheme effectively ended in March this year, when the Congress
government was in power. However, the housing schemes under the plan were to be
completed by March 2015. Instead of extending the term of the program, or
renaming it as phase II, the BJP government has now decided to repackage these
schemes. All the housing schemes under the Urban development ministry and
Ministry of urban poverty alleviation are now being brought under one umbrella.
The housing schemes named after Jawaharlal Nehru and Rajiv Gandhi will now come
under Sardar Patel mission. "The scheme named after Jawaharlal Nehru got over in
the UPA government term itself. Rajiv Awas Yojana is also being clubbed in the
new housing scheme. Bringing the schemes together is to improve the efficiency
of the program," said a senior officer of the ministry. The government will
launch the se schemes on October 31.

While the guidelines of the scheme is yet to be drawn, the scheme will provide
low cost housing to urban poor. To discourage mushrooming of slums in the urban
areas, the scheme will also provide rental accommodation to the migrants.

The ministry plans to build 30 million houses for the urban poor by 2020. The
project is estimated to cost Rs 22.5 lakh crores. The centre government will do
an initial funding of the schemes, after which the states will have to pool in
their resources. While the housing aspect of JnNRUM have gone to Sardar Patel,
the urban infrastructure aspect of the scheme will be named after Atal Bihari
Vajpayee. The Atal Bihari Vajpayee scheme of Urban Infrastructure Renewal will
be launched on December 25, the birthday of former prime minister. The cities
infrastructure, transport and sanitation aspects covered under JnNRUM will be
covered in this new scheme.

The ministry claims of having picked up all the

positive aspects of the old mission. "The old and existing schemes have enabled
us to identify where all we lack and what is the scope of improvement," added
the officer.

Importance of the schemes

The housing schemes named after Jawaharlal Nehru and Rajiv Gandhi will now come
under Sardar Patel mission

The ministry plans to build 30 million houses for the urban poor by 2020. The
project is estimated to cost Rs 22.5 lakh crores

While the housing aspect of JnNRUM have gone to Sardar Patel, the urban
infrastructure aspect of the scheme will be named after Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The Atal Bihari Vajpayee scheme of Urban Infrastructure Renewal will be launched
on December 25, the birthday of  former prime minister

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 12, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes, advisers, insurers oppose plan to |ban gap cover;
Government's plan to ban supplementary healthcare insurance products will not
cure medical schemes' affordability woes, say financial services roleplayers.
Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1174 words


The broader financial services industry has come out against government's plans
to ban certain health insurance products that cover gaps in or top up your
medical scheme cover.

Many roleplayers say the National Treasury, Department of Health and Council for
Medical Schemes have wrongly diagnosed health insurance products as the ill that
is causing schemes to be unaffordable.

Financial advisers, insurers and medical schemes say proposed regulations
released for comment by Treasury in March that seek to outlaw or limit a number
of healthcare policies will probably have minimal impact on schemes, but a huge
impact on consumers.

They say the government should instead be treating schemes' major ailment: the
unregulated costs of healthcare services, which has resulted in particularly to
high hospital and specialist costs.

Gap cover policies pay the difference between the actual costs a |specialist
charges you for mostly |in-hospital services and what your medical scheme pays,
while top-up cover enhances your medical scheme benefits by, for example,
|paying out an additional amount on diagnosis of cancer.

compromised policyholders

Short-term insurers, who face having to close down or radically |restructure
some of their policies, say the proposed regulations will severely limit your
healthcare |funding choices and may even |be unconstitutional.

The South African Insurance Association (SAIA), which represents 59 short-term
insurers, says initial indications are that some 887 000 policies affecting
approximately 1 870 000 beneficiaries may be compromised if the regulations are
implemented as proposed.

Suzette Strydom, SAIA's general manager for technical matters, says that, over
the past year, these beneficiaries received claim payments totalling about R262
million from SAIA member companies. If the regulations are implemented as
proposed, she says, this protection will be lost to policyholders and the
economy in the future.

The Financial Planning Institute (FPI), which represents financial advisers,
says it estimates that there are 300 000 gap cover policyholders in a population
of 3.6 million medical scheme principal members.

This represents a coverage rate of approximately 8.5 percent, and therefore the
impact of gap cover insurance products on medical schemes is very small.

However, if these products are withdrawn from the market, the impact on the
average gap cover insurance policy holder will be significant, the FPI says.

Fix the root cause

In their submissions, the FPI, the Board of Healthcare Funders (representing
medical schemes and their administrators), the Association of Savings &
Investment South Africa (Asisa) and the Actuarial Society of South Africa say
the root cause of the unaffordability of medical schemes is not the existence of
health insurance products.

The FPI says the real problem is that healthcare providers are able to charge
rates substantially more than medical scheme rates.

"This practice leaves consumers or members of medical schemes vulnerable to
financial ruin."

The FPI says the proposed regulations should be postponed until the promulgation
of regulations that prevent exploitation of members of medical schemes by a
minority of healthcare providers.

The Department of Health says it intends setting up a healthcare price setting
forum, and says it is in negotiations with the Competition Commission on the
mechanism.

In its comments to Treasury, the BHF says medical schemes are the most
appropriate vehicles to fund health care. However, until the incentives for
those who supply healthcare services are brought into line with those in the
medical scheme industry, members will need supplementary products, which allow
them to mitigate their unfunded medical costs (see "Medical scheme issues that
need to be fixed", above).

Asisa says it is dangerous to have a medical scheme industry that offers open
enrolment (guaranteed acceptance for all who apply) and community rating
(contributions that are the same for all and not based on health or age), in the
absence of compulsory membership and risk equalisation (equalising the cost of
providing prescribed minimum benefits across schemes).

Asisa's Peter Dempsey and Anna Rosenberg say it is important that the
regulations identify the correct health insurance contracts, if any, which
should be "disallowed".

The Actuarial Society in its submission says it is most likely that the lack of
mandatory cover and risk equalisation are undermining the medical scheme
industry much more than insurance products.

The Actuarial Society believes it is unlikely that the draft demarcation
regulations will address the primary causes of the unaffordability of medical
scheme cover, Wim Els, the director of operations for the society, says.

The need for gap cover policies has arisen as a result of providers, especially
scarce specialists, charging more than medical scheme rates.

Medical scheme rates were previously based on the National Health Reference
Price List (NHRPL), but in 2010 healthcare providers succeeded in having this
tariff list struck down by a court. Schemes now set their own rates by adjusting
earlier tariff lists for inflation.

While some providers charge these scheme rates, others two, three or more times
these rates.

Humphrey Zokufa, the managing director of the BHF, says approximately 90 percent
of anaesthetists charge 300 to 450 percent of the former NHRPL.

few can afford top options

The FPI says the annual report of the Council for Medical Schemes for 2010
-2011, shows that only one percent of, or 45 848, members on open medical
schemes can afford options that reimburse providers at a rate of 300 percent of
the medical scheme rate, and these members, who are paying the highest
contributions rates, are still exposed to out-of-pocket medical expenses.

The FPI says the council's annual report shows that 23 percent of open medical
scheme members belong to a scheme that only has options that reimburse medical
claims at 100 percent of the scheme rate.

The FPI says if these members want additional cover and are denied gap cover
insurance, they will need to change medical schemes.

Some 66.5 percent of members on open medical schemes belong to a medical scheme
option that reimburses medical expenses at 100 percent of the medical scheme
rate and could upgrade to a higher option if they want better cover but at a
cost (see "Schemes can't afford top-|paying options", right).

A number of the submissions on the draft gap cover regulations point out that
since even the most comprehensive medical scheme options can leave members with
a shortfall, members may suffer severe financial hardship if not permitted to
insure against this risk.

The BHF says if medical scheme members are forced to join high-cost
comprehensive options, they may opt out of schemes altogether.

If gap cover is outlawed, schemes may increase their hospital benefits but may
decrease their out-of-hospital benefits, Zokufa says. This would go against
national health policy, which encourages benefits for primary and preventative
care, he says.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday

Developers of private housing societies defrauding people

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: By Tariq Farid LAHORE


By Tariq Farid

LAHORE, Feb. 28 -- Developers of private housing societies in the metropolis are
trapping and defrauding customers by taking advantage of insufficient laws and
lengthy and complicated agreements.

Daily Times has learnt that the developers of most of the private housing
societies mislead, deceive and loot people under legal cover in a number of
ways.

"Some of the housing societies get NOC from LDA of a plan showing 1,000 plots,
but make bookings of 2,000 plots," an official source in LDA told Daily Times.

He said, "We have received a number of complaints against such housing schemes
and have sent subsequent notices to the developers. However, they claim to hold
draws in order to provide refunds to those who were unable to secure plots." But
fact of the matter is that people neither get plots nor any refunds.

In some cases, the developers make bookings and get down payments from
customers, who even start paying regular installments. Unfortunately, later they
come to know that the land for the housing society is yet to be acquired.

"During the last couple of years, many private housing schemes were launched and
they made bookings. In reality, however, there was nothing on the ground and
only files of plots were sold. This dangerous trend is still going on," said
property consultant M Rasheed. However, it is condemnable that the LDA does not
take serious action against the developers of such housing societies, except for
sending notices to them.

"The LDA can just serve notices on the housing societies that defy its rules and
regulations. The authority cannot take stern action against them owing to lack
of powers," said the LDA official.

"The agreements private housing societies make with customers are very lengthy
and complicated. It is difficult for a common man to understand their technical
points. Thus, the developers trap people easily through this complicated, legal
documents," Rasheed said.

In some cases, the developers provide land to the customers but the development
work is not executed within the specified period of time. As a result, people do
not actually get what they paid for in the first place.

It has been learnt that there are a large number of housing societies in the
city that have not been developed despite a passage of 10 to 15 years.

After this issue was raised in Daily Times three weeks ago, the LDA showed some
might and took a few steps against the private housing societies which had not
been developed within the stipulated period of five years.

It was learnt that the LDA had recently taken over four private housing schemes,
including Formanites Housing Society, Gosha Ahbab Scheme (Phase II),
Gulshan-e-Ahbab and Naz Town. The developers of these schemes have been directed
not to sell 20 percent of the total residential and commercial plots they had
mortgaged to LDA in the past until completion of the development work.

Furthermore, the LDA has decided to take possession of mortgaged plots in 21
private housing schemes in the city and to auction them to generate funds that
will then be used to finish development work in these schemes. The LDA has asked
public and the developers of these schemes to file objections, if any, in this
regard within 15 days, starting from February 22, at the office of the LDA
metropolitan planning director.

The 21 housing schemes include Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing
Scheme Phase-I, Al-Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme,
Bagh-i-Iram Housing Scheme, Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town
Housing Scheme, Fazal Elahi/Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-i-Jinnah Housing
Scheme, Green Valley Housing Scheme, Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing
Scheme Phase-II, Khurram Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF
Farm Housing Scheme, Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme Foundation,
Rehman Abad Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme (North), Saman Zar Housing
Scheme, Sunny Park (Extension) Sunny Garden Housing Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon
Housing Scheme. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday

Developers of private housing societies defrauding people

BYLINE:  Tariq Farid

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 50

LENGTH: 665  words


Developers of private housing societies in the metropolis are trapping and
defrauding customers by taking advantage of insufficient laws and lengthy and
complicated agreements.

Daily Times has learnt that the developers of most of the private housing
societies mislead, deceive and loot people under legal cover in a number of
ways.

"Some of the housing societies get NOC from LDA of a plan showing 1,000 plots,
but make bookings of 2,000 plots," an official source in LDA told Daily Times.

He said, "We have received a number of complaints against such housing schemes
and have sent subsequent notices to the developers. However, they claim to hold
draws in order to provide refunds to those who were unable to secure plots." But
fact of the matter is that people neither get plots nor any refunds.

In some cases, the developers make bookings and get down payments from
customers, who even start paying regular installments. Unfortunately, later they
come to know that the land for the housing society is yet to be acquired.

"During the last couple of years, many private housing schemes were launched and
they made bookings. In reality, however, there was nothing on the ground and
only files of plots were sold. This dangerous trend is still going on," said
property consultant M Rasheed. However, it is condemnable that the LDA does not
take serious action against the developers of such housing societies, except for
sending notices to them.

"The LDA can just serve notices on the housing societies that defy its rules and
regulations. The authority cannot take stern action against them owing to lack
of powers," said the LDA official.

"The agreements private housing societies make with customers are very lengthy
and complicated. It is difficult for a common man to understand their technical
points. Thus, the developers trap people easily through this complicated, legal
documents," Rasheed said.

In some cases, the developers provide land to the customers but the development
work is not executed within the specified period of time. As a result, people do
not actually get what they paid for in the first place.

It has been learnt that there are a large number of housing societies in the
city that have not been developed despite a passage of 10 to 15 years.

After this issue was raised in Daily Times three weeks ago, the LDA showed some
might and took a few steps against the private housing societies which had not
been developed within the stipulated period of five years.

It was learnt that the LDA had recently taken over four private housing schemes,
including Formants' Housing Society, Gosha Ahbab Scheme (Phase II),
Gulshan-e-Ahbab and Naz Town. The developers of these schemes have been directed
not to sell 20 percent of the total residential and commercial plots they had
mortgaged to LDA in the past until completion of the development work.

Furthermore, the LDA has decided to take possession of mortgaged plots in 21
private housing schemes in the city and to auction them to generate funds that
will then be used to finish development work in these schemes. The LDA has asked
public and the developers of these schemes to file objections, if any, in this
regard within 15 days, starting from February 22, at the office of the LDA
metropolitan planning director.

The 21 housing schemes include Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing
Scheme Phase-I, Al-Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme,
Bagh-i-Iram Housing Scheme, Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town
Housing Scheme, Fazal Elahi/Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-i-Jinnah Housing
Scheme, Green Valley Housing Scheme, Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing
Scheme Phase-II, Khurram Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme, OPF
Farm Housing Scheme, Punjab Government Servants Housing Scheme Foundation,
Rehman Abad Housing Scheme, Sally Town Housing Scheme (North), Saman Zar Housing
Scheme, Sunny Park (Extension) Sunny Garden Housing Scheme and Zubaida Khatoon
Housing Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Small open medical schemes in danger zz More mergers likely as prescribed
minimum benefit ruling tightens screws

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 657 words


The 2012 benefit cycle might prove more difficult for smaller medical schemes
and could threaten the existence of smaller players in the open schemes
environment, health insurance experts said yesterday.

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) said that medical schemes faced a number of
challenges in the short term, including slow membership growth, and schemes
might find the forthcoming benefit cycle tougher than expected, as the ruling on
paying prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) in full was predicted to have a
negative effect on some scheme's finances.

GCR's head of medical scheme ratings, Sheri Few, said smaller schemes that did
not have designated service provider arrangements in place, might find
themselves having to subsidise claims with reserves. This would affect the
scheme's financial soundness, as well as its ratings.

These challenges could lead to mergers between schemes, particularly the
swallowing of smaller players, Few said.

She said GCR was receiving an increasing number of queries from members of the
public regarding the credit ratings assigned to medical schemes and the
implications.

"This suggests that individuals are increasingly basing their choice of medical
scheme not only on pricing and service levels, but also on the financial
soundness of the scheme and its sustainable claims paying ability," she said.

But Few said that according to GCR's ratings distribution, which takes into
account all rated schemes over the past five years, the majority of schemes
remained concentrated in the upper ratings bands, and some schemes were saved by
mergers.

GCR measures schemes' claims paying ability in terms of a number of factors,
including the scheme's exposure to risk, membership size and profile, solvency
and liquidity, competitive position, as well as management quality. A claims
paying ability rating looks at the scheme's ability to service its claims over a
12- to 18-month period and is reviewed at least annually by GCR.

Few said given the new ruling that schemes must pay claims for PMB conditions at
the full billed rate, GCR's ratings would continue to centre on determining a
scheme's ability to pay all claims from a financial point of view.

Barry Childs, the owner of Lighthouse Actuarial Consulting, said this year
medical schemes would be under pressure to keep costs within contribution levels
and the price burden of PMBs would add some extra pressure.

"PMBs will make things a little harder than before, but it's always something,
if not that then it's something else. Overall, I don't think it's dramatically
harder now than in some years past."

But he said even though consolidation would not accelerate, as growth in the
industry was now coming from the "lower-income options", which typically offered
restricted benefits and networks of health-care providers, open schemes might be
more vulnerable than the restricted ones.

"Restricted schemes that are well reserved can remain sustainable even with
relatively small membership sizes, but small open schemes will find it
increasingly difficult to survive as they struggle with limited scale. I would
expect that there will be five or so large open medical schemes within the next
10 years," Childs said.

Heidi Kruger, the spokeswoman for the Board of Healthcare Funders, said for the
past three years medical schemes had been operating at a deficit, paying more
out in claims than they collected in contributions.

"This fact, coupled with messages from the Council for Medical Schemes that
schemes must pay whatever the provider charges for PMBs and the reckless
charging for PMBs by some providers, makes the medical scheme environment
vulnerable," she said.

Kruger said the lack of a proper tariff and open-ended liability for medical
schemes would render the entire industry vulnerable over time.

"Our view is that the council should explore (its) powers with regards to the
publishing of a tariff for PMBs, as we believe this is within (its) powers."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            February 06, 2012 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Health-care inflation puts big strain on medical aids

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 597 words


HIGH medical inflation and regulated contribution increases are affecting the
solvency levels of medical schemes. The overall solvency ratio of all registered
schemes fell to 30.3 percent in September from the audited solvency level of
31.6 percent at the end of 2010, the quarterly report of the Council for Medical
Schemes (CMS) showed.

Although the current levels were well ahead of the required minimum level of 25
percent, as per regulation 29 of the Medical Schemes Act, solvency ratios have
shown a constantly declining trend over the past seven years, sliding from 39.1
percent in December 2005.

The CMS said the decrease was mostly attributable to the benefit designs and
seasonality of claims patterns and the fact that solvency was calculated on
annualised gross contributions.

But PwC's medical scheme analyst said the decline in solvency ratios since 2006
was particularly evident in the restricted schemes, which declined from 65
percent to the current 34.9 percent.

The source said in her experience this was mainly due to the conscious decision
by schemes to utilise their reserves in order to keep contribution increases
lower. "Otherwise (it) would be due to realised investment returns coming under
pressure in the wake of what has been happening in the markets," the source
said.

She said another large contributor was that health-care cost inflation had been
higher than growth in the consumer price index for some time.

"Medical scheme contribution rate increases also have to be approved by the
Council for Medical Schemes on an annual basis, and the rate increases suggested
by the schemes are not always approved."

The CMS said the solvency level in September was still 3.2 percent higher than
the expected solvency level of 29.4 percent for the same period. Open schemes
had lower solvency levels at 27.2 percent, compared with the 34.9 percent of
restricted schemes.

The CMS report shows that restricted schemes have always been noticeably ahead
of open schemes but restricted schemes have fallen sharply from 2006.

In September nine open schemes failed to meet the prescribed solvency level of
25 percent and they represent 60.1 percent of the total open schemes'
beneficiaries. In 2010, 12 open schemes fell short. Only six restricted schemes
were below 25 percent.

The report also showed that although the total number of beneficiaries rose by
1.9 percent, the number of beneficiaries on open schemes had decreased slightly
to 4.67 million compared to 4.8 million.

Restricted schemes, on the other hand, gained new beneficiaries and had 3.7
million in 2011 compared with 3.5 million in 2010.

A study conducted by the CMS in 2011 on member movement noted that open schemes
experienced a significant loss of membership in recent years while restricted
schemes gained some. It also showed that the average family contribution in
restricted schemes was 11.5 percent lower than in open schemes.

But Thulani Matsebula, the head of research and monitoring at the CMS, said the
growth in numbers of beneficiaries in restricted schemes was almost exclusively
explained by growth of the Government Employees Medical Scheme.

The CMS said the schemes' gross contribution income grew to R79.5 billion in the
period from R72bn in September 2010.

However, this was 1.2 percent below the budgeted R80.5bn. The gross contribution
per average beneficiary per month was R1 065.3, 9.2 percent higher than R975.3
in 2010.

But the relevant health-care ratio decreased to 88.4 percent because of
increased non-health expenditure, which totalled R8.95bn, compared with R8.52bn
a year earlier.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            February 06, 2012 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Health-care inflation puts big strain on medical aids

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 597 words


HIGH medical inflation and regulated contribution increases are affecting the
solvency levels of medical schemes. The overall solvency ratio of all registered
schemes fell to 30.3 percent in September from the audited solvency level of
31.6 percent at the end of 2010, the quarterly report of the Council for Medical
Schemes (CMS) showed.

Although the current levels were well ahead of the required minimum level of 25
percent, as per regulation 29 of the Medical Schemes Act, solvency ratios have
shown a constantly declining trend over the past seven years, sliding from 39.1
percent in December 2005.

The CMS said the decrease was mostly attributable to the benefit designs and
seasonality of claims patterns and the fact that solvency was calculated on
annualised gross contributions.

But PwC's medical scheme analyst said the decline in solvency ratios since 2006
was particularly evident in the restricted schemes, which declined from 65
percent to the current 34.9 percent.

The source said in her experience this was mainly due to the conscious decision
by schemes to utilise their reserves in order to keep contribution increases
lower. "Otherwise (it) would be due to realised investment returns coming under
pressure in the wake of what has been happening in the markets," the source
said.

She said another large contributor was that health-care cost inflation had been
higher than growth in the consumer price index for some time.

"Medical scheme contribution rate increases also have to be approved by the
Council for Medical Schemes on an annual basis, and the rate increases suggested
by the schemes are not always approved."

The CMS said the solvency level in September was still 3.2 percent higher than
the expected solvency level of 29.4 percent for the same period. Open schemes
had lower solvency levels at 27.2 percent, compared with the 34.9 percent of
restricted schemes.

The CMS report shows that restricted schemes have always been noticeably ahead
of open schemes but restricted schemes have fallen sharply from 2006.

In September nine open schemes failed to meet the prescribed solvency level of
25 percent and they represent 60.1 percent of the total open schemes'
beneficiaries. In 2010, 12 open schemes fell short. Only six restricted schemes
were below 25 percent.

The report also showed that although the total number of beneficiaries rose by
1.9 percent, the number of beneficiaries on open schemes had decreased slightly
to 4.67 million compared to 4.8 million.

Restricted schemes, on the other hand, gained new beneficiaries and had 3.7
million in 2011 compared with 3.5 million in 2010.

A study conducted by the CMS in 2011 on member movement noted that open schemes
experienced a significant loss of membership in recent years while restricted
schemes gained some. It also showed that the average family contribution in
restricted schemes was 11.5 percent lower than in open schemes.

But Thulani Matsebula, the head of research and monitoring at the CMS, said the
growth in numbers of beneficiaries in restricted schemes was almost exclusively
explained by growth of the Government Employees Medical Scheme.

The CMS said the schemes' gross contribution income grew to R79.5 billion in the
period from R72bn in September 2010.

However, this was 1.2 percent below the budgeted R80.5bn. The gross contribution
per average beneficiary per month was R1 065.3, 9.2 percent higher than R975.3
in 2010.

But the relevant health-care ratio decreased to 88.4 percent because of
increased non-health expenditure, which totalled R8.95bn, compared with R8.52bn
a year earlier.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 04, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Court action shows up |seriousness of PMB dispute

BYLINE:  Laura du preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 773 words


An organisation representing medical schemes this week applied to court for an
order giving clarity on what schemes have to pay for the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) that they are obliged to provide to you.

The court application reveals that the Council for Medical Schemes is
investigating Medscheme, an administrator, and Fedhealth, a large open scheme,
for not adhering to their interpretation of the law pertaining to the payment of
PMBs.

The council has taken the view that schemes must pay at whatever rate healthcare
providers charge for PMBs, while schemes say PMB claims should be paid at the
rate the scheme has set for the relevant option.

The semi-urgent application by the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) in the
North Gauteng High Court against the Council for Medical Schemes was, however,
not heard this week, as other stakeholders, including the South African Private
Practitioners Forum representing 800 |specialists, the Pharmaceutical Society of
South Africa, and hospital group MediClinic, have asked for an opportunity to
intervene in the matter.

The BHF agreed to give other parties time to file papers and will seek to have a
hearing of the application in full, instead of on an urgent basis, and to be
given preference on the court roll when all papers have been filed early next
year.

The long-running dispute over what schemes must pay for PMBs centres on a
regulation under the Medical Schemes Act that says schemes must "pay in full"
without co-payments or deductibles for PMB claims.

ruling interpretation

In 2008 the Appeal Board of the Council for Medical Schemes made two rulings
stating that the regulation must be interpreted to mean that schemes must pay
whatever a healthcare provider charges for a PMB claim.

Both cases involved paediatricians who treated new-born babies in emergencies
covered by the PMBs but charged more than the rate provided for in the rules of
the respective schemes - the Government Employees Medical Scheme and Samwumed, a
scheme for municipal workers.

The BHF says the interpretation is unsustainable for schemes, which then face an
open liability for the PMBs. It says this is especially so in the light of a
court application earlier this year that resulted in the scrapping of the
Reference Price List (RPL), the guideline tariffs for schemes and providers.

Schemes say insisting that they must pay the full cost of PMBs gives healthcare
providers an open cheque book to charge as much as they like, knowing schemes
are forced to pay.

In replying papers to the BHF's application, the executive officer of the
Council for Medical Schemes and the Registrar of Medical Schemes, Dr Monwabisi
Gantsho, says if schemes fail to pay for PMBs in full as invoiced, members may
become liable for the shortfall.

Court papers reveal ongoing, but so far unsuccessful, attempts to resolve the
issue, including those during a recent process of setting up a code of conduct
for the PMBs.

The BHF's application says the matter became urgent for its members when the
code failed to resolve the issue and the Council for Medical Schemes issued a
circular in October stating it would enforce the interpretation that schemes
must pay for PMBs at the invoiced rate.

The BHF's application refers to an investigation into Medscheme and Fedhealth
and an instruction by the Council for Medical Schemes to schemes to report to it
any failures to adhere to the appeal board interpretation of the PMB regulation.
A council circular said a failure to do so could result in a scheme's
accreditation being withdrawn or suspended.

Fedhealth recently lost an appeal to the appeal committee against a council
directive that it should pay in full the PMB claims of an accident victim whose
doctor charged more than the scheme rate, the court papers say.

The BHF's application says legal opinion obtained by Medscheme and that of the
BHF's |former legal expert, Dr Debbie Pearmain, is that the council's view is
incorrect.

According to the application by the BHF's managing director, Dr Humphrey Zokufa,
Pearmain argues that the Medical Schemes Act binds schemes to paying benefits,
including those for PMBs, in terms of its rules.

The BHF argues that, according to this view, paying for PMBs at a rate higher
than that set by a scheme's rules would be illegal.

The registrar argues in the court papers that schemes' rules are not legislation
and are not superior to the provisions of the Act or its regulations.

He says the rules of a scheme must be made, or amended if necessary, to conform
with the provisions of the Act, including its regulations.

The registrar has also disputed the BHF's right to bring the case to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 17, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Prosperity Health schemes in trouble

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 644 words


Two medical schemes that have the same administrator are in financial trouble,
and an application was made this week to place one of the schemes under
curatorship.

Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, this week filed an application
in the Johannesburg High Court to place Renaissance Medical Scheme, which is
administered by Prosperity Health Administrators, under curatorship, because it
is insolvent.

The registrar is also closely monitoring the finances of another scheme
administered by Prosperity Health, Humanity Medical Scheme, because it is barely
solvent.

Masobe says Renaissance, which has more than 13 000 members and about 31 000
beneficiaries (members and their dependants), is "hopelessly insolvent" to the
tune of an estimated R36 million.

In a statement on the application to place the scheme under curatorship, Masobe
says his actions followed protracted interaction with the scheme, which
culminated in a report that shows the scheme is in financial difficulty.

Masobe says he has been particularly concerned about an increase in member
complaints and inquiries relating to the non- payment of claims by Renaissance.

Masobe is asking the court to appoint a curator for the scheme, rather than to
initiate liquidation proceedings, because members are likely to be left with
unpaid claims if the scheme is liquidated. He says if a curator can manage the
scheme back to break-even point, a merger between Renaissance and another scheme
could be considered.

Masobe says he is also of the view that the scheme's board of trustees is no
longer in control of Renaissance and that it is effectively being steered by the
administrator. This is one of the grounds for the application for curatorship.

Stephen Harrison, the Council for Medical Schemes's senior specialist in charge
of strategy, says Renaissance has indicated it will not oppose the registrar's
application for the appointment of a curator. It did not file opposing papers by
the deadline this week.

Harrison says the registrar's office has agreed to a meeting with the scheme and
believes Renaissance wants to ask Masobe to consider filing for a provisional
curatorship order rather than a final one. The registrar's legal advisers are
considering the implications of this request.

The application is due to be heard in court on Tuesday.

Masobe says Humanity Medical Scheme is barely solvent and its administrator is
less than competent. He says disputes between the medical scheme and its
administrator have resulted in Humanity engaging in an exercise to find a new
administrator.

Humanity Medical Scheme changed its name from KwaZulu- Natal Medical Scheme last
year.

The scheme, which had 12 450 members at the end of 2006, was placed under
curatorship for just over two years when it was still KwaZulu-Natal Medical
Scheme. The scheme was placed under curatorship because its board of trustees
was spending exorbitant amounts, was in disarray and was being backed by
Prosperity and another administrator that were competing for the medical
scheme's administration contract.

While under curatorship, the scheme took on the members of Omnihealth, a scheme
that went into liquidation in 2005.

Recently, Humanity notified its members that it hoped to obtain their approval
to amend its rules to allow its trustees to implement contribution increases
that exceeded inflation plus three percent.

This is the figure the registrar's office uses as a guideline to judge whether
contribution increases are fair, unless exceptional circumstances warrant higher
increases.

However, the rule amendment was in the end not pursued, and Masobe told Personal
Finance he would not have approved it had the amendment been submitted to his
office for approval.

Renaissance was launched in 2001 as Xpress Care Medical Scheme. Prosperity also
administers Solvita Medical Scheme, the scheme for Solidarity members.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 29, 1997, Tuesday

REGULATIONS THAT PENSION TRUSTEES MUST ADHERE TO STRICTLY;
          FOCUS ON PENSIONS BY JOHN DAVIN SENIOR MANAGER AT DELOITTE & TOUCHE

BYLINE: John Davin

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 712 words


The new pensions legislation which came into effect early last month recognises
the need for the interests and benefits of the members of occupational pension
schemes to be adequately protected.

For this to happen it is important for occupational pension scheme trustees and
employers to know what is required of them. The new legislation sets out a
framework of responsibilities and powers of trustees and their professional
advisers and clearly lays the basic right and duty to run an occupational
pension scheme with its trustees.

Pension scheme trustees must therefore ensure that occupational pension schemes
are well run and comply with the law.

Amongst other things, the new legislation also introduces requirements to ensure
that men and women are treated equally in occupational pension schemes.

A new Occupational Pensions Regulatory Authority (OPRA) has been set up with
wide-ranging powers, including the power to sanction those who run occupational
pension schemes and their advisers if they do not comply with the law. The role
of some occupational pension scheme advisers, such as actuaries and auditors,
now includes a new duty to 'blow the whistle to OPRA in respect of specific
breaches of pension schemes' legislation of which they become aware.

New requirements

Some of the requirements under the new pension scheme legislation include:

Scheme administration

Trustees of occupational pension schemes are now formally responsible for
appointing the scheme's professional advisers, eg actuaries and auditors. There
are new rules about the keeping of books and records, including records of
trustees' meetings, and about the safekeeping of pension scheme assets. Trustees
also have to prepare and monitor schedules of contributions payable to the
scheme. As before, trustees have to get audited accounts after the end of each
scheme year, although now this has to be done within seven months, rather than,
as previously allowed, 12 months.

Member-nominated trustees

Occupational pension scheme members now have the right to choose at least one
third of the scheme's trustees. A minimum of two trustees will have to be chosen
in this way - except in schemes with less than 100 members when there will have
to be at least one member-nominated trustee.

Minimum funding requirement- for final salary related schemes

A statutory minimum funding requirement has been introduced for "final salary"
schemes. In addition to the current formal actuarial valuations which take
place, pension scheme trustees are now responsible for ensuring that a "minimum
funding" valuation is carried out by an actuary at least once every three years.

Investment of scheme funds

Trustees of occupational pension schemes now have a duty to explain in a written
statement the principles which govern their investment decisions.  The
statement's contents will be for the trustees to decide, but it must include the
trustees' policy for making sure that the scheme can comply with the minimum
funding requirement.

Internal dispute resolution

Occupational pension scheme trustees now have to put in place procedures for the
resolution of internal pension scheme disputes.

Disclosure of information

There are clear obligations and time limits on the trustees of occupational
pension schemes to give their members information about the scheme and their
individual benefits or rights.

These are just the main new requirements of the new legislation - there are
several others.

Clearly, the responsibilities of an occupational pension scheme trustee are now
much more onerous than in the past. As a result, the new legislation also
requires employers to give employee trustees time off with pay for training and
to carry out trustee duties - if an employer does not allow time off, the
employee trustee can complain to an industrial tribunal!

If they have not already done so, trustees of occupational pension schemes
should consider taking professional advice or, where appropriate, discussing
with their pension provider the action to be taken.

2Advice contained within this column is given without legal responsibility.
Please refer to a professional adviser to take account of your personal
circumstances.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1997 Century Newspapers Limited


                              114 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 30, 2015

Apere - Private Sector Pension Scheme Is Faced With Many Challenges

LENGTH: 3125 words


Dr. Pius Apere, an Actuarial Scientist/ Chartered Insurer, is the Deputy
Managing Director, Linkage Assurance Plc. In this interview with Ebere Nwoji, he
spoke on the challenges faced by industry operators in the management of private
sector pension/ gratuity schemes, among other issues

You are one of the very few actuarial scientists in the country and from your
past public presentations,you have much interest in pension sub sector , how can
you analyse the operations of Nigerian pension sub sector especially since the
enactment of the 2014 Pension Reform Act , on which the industry regulator, the
National Pension Commission(PenCom) has been sensitizing Nigerians on , what are
the implications of the act on management of private sector pensions?

The Nigerian pension industry currently consists of three pillars, namely: the
public sector Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) defined benefit (DB) schemes, private sector
defined benefit (gratuity and pension) scheme and the contributory pension
schemes (CPS) under Pension Reform Act (PRA) 2014 which repeals the PRA 2004.
Depending on a person's situation, a retired person may be entitled to benefits
from either the first pillar, or second pillar, mthird pillar, or from the first
and third pillars, or from the second and third pillars, but not from all the
three pillars.

Looking at the scheme's operations, generally, a lot of problems are associated
with the above pillars. The current problems that beleaguered pensioners PAYG,
DB scheme in Nigeria include, inter alia: delayed or non-payment of pension
entitlements. Misappropriation of existing pension funds (existence of ghost
pensioners). Low standard of living or high poverty incidence among pensioners
due to pension increases not in line with salary inflation in the economy or no
pension increase at all.

PENCOM has mandated Pension Transitional Arrangements Directorate (PTAD)(section
42 of PRA 2014) to regularly verify the pensioners registered on its database
with a view to determining their 'Alive Status'. That is, to conduct, at least
annually, continuous verification of already verified pensioners.Here you will
discover that too frequent verification of pensioners leads to pensioners dying
during verification exercises.

There is also the challenge of inadequate, incomplete, misleading pension
information being provided to pensioners. There is also the challenge of
inadequate enforcement of pension regulation. For over 10 years of existence of
CPS, not all state governments had enacted their pension laws to establish CPS
which is a sign of regulatory weakness.The actuarial valuations required by
PENCOM at the point to disengage the old DB scheme in order to implement the CPS
have not been carried out even for those government public service schemes that
have already established their CPS.

Now, on the implications, I can tell you that whichever pillar one is entitled
to,there are implications, challenges and opportunities arising from the
enactment of PRA 2014 which currently affects the effective management of the
private sector gratuity and pension schemes. The private sector schemes I want
to talk about here are mainly employer-sponsored schemes.

So what is the impact of PRA 2014 on existing Private Sector Schemes

The enactment of PRA 2014 has an immediate effect on the existing defined
benefit and defined contribution schemes operating in the Nigeria Pension
Industry prior to the introduction of CPS.On the DB) Pension Schemes in the
Private Sector, Section 50 (1)(a)(d) of Pension Reform Act (PRA) 2014 states
that any DB pension scheme in the private sector existing before the
commencement of the Act may continue to exist provided that the pension scheme
shall be fully funded.

It further says that every employee in the existing scheme shall be free to
exercise the option of coming under the new contributory pension scheme (CPS).
The existing scheme shall be closed to new employees and such new employees
shall be required to open a retirement savings account (RSA) under CPS (Section
50 (1)(h) of PRA 2014). This implies that no new DB pension scheme will be
established by any employer after the commencement of the PRA 2004. Thus, the
unfunded pension schemes will not be allowed to exist.

Section 50 (1)(a) of PRA 2014 also requires that for any existing defined
contribution scheme in the private sector prior to the commencement of the PRA,
the contributions in favour of each employee including the attributable income
shall be computed and credited to a retirement savings account (RSA) opened for
the employee under CPS.

The enactment of PRA 2004 led to the winding-up of many employer-sponsored
gratuity schemes in the private sector in order to start the new CPS with the
aim of reducing costs of running two schemes at a time.

However, the Act did not actually prevent any employer that had a gratuity
scheme prior to the commencement of the PRA or that desires to adopt a new
gratuity scheme from establishing a Gratuity Fund for its employees subject to
the terms and conditions of their employment, in addition to the compulsory
contributions into the new CPS.

Thus, establishing a gratuity scheme is in line with the provision in section 4
(4) (a) of PRA 2014 that "an employer may agree on the payment of additional
benefits to the employee upon retirement" by whatever name it is called
(gratuity, severance or terminal, lump sum, long service award) over and above
the employee's retirement benefits stated under section 7(1) of PRA 2014. The
above implies that the gratuity schemes operating in the private sector are
opened to new employees.

This being the case,what is the rationale for improvement in management of
private sector schemes?

The main objective of PRA 2014, as far as private sector schemes are concerned,
is to establish a uniform rules, regulations and standards for the
administration and payments of retirement benefits as and when due as stated in
section 1 (a)(c) of PRA 2014 Thus, this objective is aimed at improving the
management of private sector. In addition, there are other reasons why scheme
sponsors would seek to improve the management of their schemes. Some of these
reasons are: Meeting employer's objectives.

Regardless of the size and the number of private sector schemes operating in the
pension industry,there is need to improve on the management of the schemes in
order to meet the employers' objectives (both financial and non-finance related)
in setting up the scheme. The employer's objectives include but not limited to
the following: Maximising profits by attracting and retaining the services of
good quality employees, providing benefits that are at least in line with those
offered by competing employers, controlling the costs of financing the benefits.
There is a confluence of factors that has prompted scheme sponsors to improve
their management of the financial risks in DB funded schemes.Pension
under-funding and its persistence due to a decline in long-term interest rates.
Effects of increased longevity on scheme costs,effect of increase in accounting
and statutory regulations, sponsor's attitude to risk. It appears there is
increase in private sector gratuity schemes, what is your view about that?

In practice, the usually non-contributory DB gratuity schemes in the private
sector has become popular among employers in recent times.

This popularity can be attributed to the fact that the employer's contributions
to fund the gratuity benefits may be considered as the additional voluntary
contributions (AVCs) over and above the compulsory minimum contributions, which
would have been paid to provide additional retirement benefits for its employees
under CPS.

This is applicable where the employer decides not to take sole responsibility of
funding the CPS (section 4 (4)(b) of PRA 2014). Furthermore, an employer would
prefer to provide AVC to fund gratuity benefits in the private sector instead of
paying it into employees' CPS because of reasons such as easy accessibility of
gratuity benefits at any point of exit than benefits from RSA under CPS which
has an age limit on withdrawal of benefits. Investments of the gratuity funds
would be under the control of the employer. Gratuity income may be subject to
lesser variability than retirement income from CPS.

As the gratuity schemes are opened to new employees, they are also likely to
increase in size and number over time, and therefore there will be a need to
improve their management of the financial risks facing them.

In specific terms, what do you consider as challenges in managing Private Sector
Schemes?

The challenges are clear and they are: No new Defined Benefit Pension Scheme
designs after PRA 2014. The existing pension schemes in the private sector are
mainly designed as balance of cost final salary schemes which are funded. In
this case, the employees make defined contributions and the sponsor pays the
remainder of the unknown cost of providing benefits.

The contributions are payments towards the estimated cost of the benefits. The
PRA 2014 prevents new private sector Defined Benefit pension scheme designs to
be made in the future but only the amendments to existing DB pension schemes are
required (such as reduction of benefits because of insufficient funds available
to provide the pension benefit).

Another challenge is lack of actuarial inputs in gratuity scheme designs.
Gratuity (which is a lump sum benefit) can be defined as a part of salary that
is received by an employee from his/her employer in gratitude for the services
offered by the employee in the company.

In practice, the most common Defined Gratuity scheme designs existing in the
industry after PRA 2004 are non-contributory in nature, the level of benefit
relates to final salary and length of service with the employer payable on
death, disability, retirement or resignation. The accounting regulation, IFRS as
set out in IAS 19, requires that defined benefit schemes may be unfunded or they
may be wholly or partly funded. Thus, many employers design and operate the
gratuity schemes on an unfunded pay-as-you-go basis due to lack of actuarial
involvement. This is against the provision in the PRA 2014 that private sector
pension schemes should be fully funded at all times (Section 50(1)(a) of PRA
2014).

There is also increase in employment costs. The increase in employer's
compulsory contribution rates from 7.5 per cent to 10 per cent as stated in CPS
(section 4 (1) (a) of PRA 2014) has significantly increased the employment costs
and due to affordability,companies may need to review the levels and design of
their total employee benefit packages e.g. gratuity schemes.This review would
pose a greater challenge to employers without an actuarial input.

Also, there is the challenge that has to do with absence of guidelines on
actuarial valuation method. The statutory regulation, PRA 2014, does not give
any guidelines on pension scheme valuation method.

Therefore, the choice of valuation method is at the discretion of the actuary,
leading to non-standardization of valuation results, which makes peer reviews
and comparative analysis quite impossible for regulatory purposes.

Furthermore, employers operating unfunded (PAYG) gratuity schemes tend to use
the book reserving methodology (which requires making provisions in the
company's accounts for unfunded benefit liabilities payable in the future for
which no funds have been set aside) being the most appropriate valuation method
for unfunded schemes. The balance sheet of the company will show the full value
of the unfunded benefits as liabilities of the company and there will be no
specific assets earmarked to provide the benefits. The challenges of book
reserving are insecurity of reserves, liquidity problems, overstatement of
profits for taxation and insecurity of benefits.

There is equally, no minimum level of adequacy.

Regulator(s) require that DB gratuity/pension schemes must always have
appropriate and adequate assets available to pay the benefits. The financial
assessment framework which defines the statutory funding objective is normally
part of the Pensions Act and sets out the requirements for the financial
position of a gratuity/pension fund. A gratuity/pension fund's financial
position is reflected largely by the coverage ratio. This expresses the
relationship between the fund's assets and the liabilities to be paid in the
future. There should be a minimum coverage ratio (e.g. 105%), that is, the
assets must amount to 105% of the liabilities.

However, section 50 (2) of PRA 2014 only specifies that any defined benefits
scheme in the private sector shall undertake an actuarial valuation to determine
the adequacy of the pension fund assets, but without stating clearly the level
of adequacy (i.e. no minimum coverage ratio) required which is a regulatory
challenge. The above implies a minimum coverage ratio of 100% i.e. the assets
must amount to 100% of the liabilities which no doubt is likely to create an
insolvency risk for private sector schemes, particularly when there is
volatility in the financial market.

In addition to the minimum coverage ratio, a gratuity/pension fund must also
hold enough buffers to be able to cope with financial setbacks or volatility in
the financial market. The size of these buffers depends on many factors, but for
an average gratuity/pension fund the required coverage ratio including the
required buffers is approximately 125%. On average the greater the investment
risks and the higher the average age in the gratuity/pensionfund, the higher the
buffer requirements. The determination of the level of buffers is a task that
requires actuarial techniques, having considered the risk appetite of the scheme
.

Lack of guidelines on recovery Plan

Section 50 (1) (g) of PRA 2014 requires that an employer shall undertake to the
PENCOM that the pension fund shall be fully funded and any shortfall (in scheme
assets required to meet the liabilities) to be made up within 90 days. This
means that if there is a funding shortfall (i.e. coverage ratio of less than
100%), the employer must submit a recovery plan to PENCOM. The steps to be taken
to regain the minimum coverage ratio within the period of 90 days (i.e. the
requirements of a recovery plan) are not clearly specified by the regulator,
PENCOM. The challenge is that this regulatory function has not been effectively
carried out and/or neglected by PENCOM.

Lack of adequate supervision of private sector schemes There are no clear
regulatory guidelines on the administration of private sector gratuity/ pension
schemes since the Pension Reform Act was first enacted in 2004, despite the fact
that the number of gratuity schemes operating in the pension industry are on the
increase. Thus, private sector gratuity/pension schemes have not been
effectively regulated and supervised by the regulator (PENCOM) relative to CPS,
probably because the supervisory roles (e.g. to determine an appropriate level
of adequacy of scheme assets, section 50 (2) of PRA 2014) relating to the former
schemes require more actuarial involvement and expertise.

We also have disadvantage. Going by (section 10(1) of the PRA 2014, there is a
tax disadvantage for an employer's contributions into gratuity schemes relative
to paying the same amount as AVCs into CPS .

The contributions, investment returns and retirement benefits in the CPS are tax
exempt while the employer's contributions and gratuity benefits are not taken as
tax exempt. However, any income earned on any AVC under CPS is taxable at point
of withdrawal within 5 years of making the AVC. Furthermore, the retirement
benefits payable from CPS are also not taxable (section 10 (3) of PRA
2014)whereas the gratuity benefits are taxable in the hands of the employees.

Management and custodian of private sector pension funds. Section 50 (4) of PRA
2014 states that the management and custodian of pension funds for private
sector pensioners shall be undertaken by licensed Pension Fund Administrators
(PFAs) and Pension Fund Custodian (PFCs). This is also applicable to every
employee in the existing pension scheme in the private sector who wants to
exercise the option of coming under the new CPS.

The above provision may require a bulk transfer of private sector pensioners'
and/or individual employee funds to the PFAs and PFCs for effective management
and custody respectively. This process would involve the determination of the
bulk transfer value by an actuary for the pensioners and/or individual employee.
The challenge is that the bulk transfer value would have a negative impact on
the future financial position of the private pension scheme for the remaining
active members.

What are the opportunities in private scheme management of pension scheme?

The private pension scheme,if effectively managed has a lot of advantages.Some
of these advantages are Standardisation of Actuarial Valuation Methods - IAS 19
The accounting regulation, IAS 19, specifies that the projected unit credit
method(PUCM) should be used in the valuation of gratuity/pension benefits, this
leads to standardisation of actuarial valuation results of private sector
schemes.

Actuary's expertise in managing risks. The engagement of actuaries (as required
by law and/or scheme Trust Deed/Rules) in the management of private sector
gratuity/pension schemes would result in adequate assessment of funding needs
thereby reducing the risk of insolvency.

Actuary's expertise can be used in managing the risks arising from the
administration of gratuity/pension scheme by modelling the asset and liability
stochastically in order to determine an appropriate investment strategy in line
with the volatility risk in employer's contribution(s) into a balanced of cost
scheme over time (arising from the effect of gearing and also lower than
expected investment returns on the fund assets).

Providing appropriate advice to meet new accounting and statutory regulations
for technical provisions and/or solvency margins of the schemes that will emerge
in the future.Determining bulk transfer value of gratuity/pension scheme in
event of mergers and acquisitions of a company.

Enforcement of accounting regulation by FRCN. Private sector pension/ gratuity
scheme management has made the enforcement of accounting regulation, IFRS as set
out in IAS 19, for listed companies by the Financial Reporting Council of
Nigeria (FRCN) possible.

In conclusion, I will say that yes,there are a lot of challenges and
opportunities in management of private sector gratuity and pension schemes,but
the input of actuarial scientists to the current effort being made by major
stakeholders, namely sponsors, regulators and operators is highly needed in
order to enthrone the regime of a perfect system.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;

NOTICE OF MEETINGS OF SCHEME CREDITORS IN [...];
Legal notices

SECTION: FEATURES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 485 words


NOTICE OF MEETINGS OF SCHEME CREDITORS IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE No. 3827 of
2001 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT IN THE MATTER OF INDEPENDENT INSURANCE
COMPANY LIMITED ON PROVISIONAL LIQUIDATION) (THE "COMPANY") AND IN THE MATTER OF
THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that by an Order dated 16 March
2015 the Court has directed that meetings of two classes of Scheme Creditors (as
defined in the scheme of arrangement. hereinafter mentioned) of the Company be
convened (the "Scheme Meetings") for the purpose of considering and, if thought
fit, approving (with or without modifications) a scheme of arrangement. proposed
between the Company and the Scheme Creditors pursuant to Part 26 of the
Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") and that the Scheme Meetings will be held
concurrent^ at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP, 7 More London Place, London SE1 2RT
commencing at 10 a.m. (London time) on 1 June 2015 at which place and time all
such Scheme Creditors are requested to attend. Scheme Creditors may vote in
person at the Scheme Meetings or they may appoint another person, whether a
Scheme Creditor or not including the Chairman) as their proxy to attend and vote
in their place.

Scheme Creditors are encouraged to return completed and signed Forms of Voting
and Proxy electronically by email to the Company at www.iiclscheme8capita.co.uk
without delay or alternative^ by post or PERSONAL delivery to IICL-SOA, PO BOX
5456, Manchester, M61 OLE marked for the attention of the Scheme Manager. In
either case, Forms of Voting and Proxy must be receded by no later than 5 p.m.
on 29 May 2015. In addition, valid and executed Forms of Voting and Proxy will
be accepted by the registration desk up to one hour prior to the time at which
the relevant Scheme Meeting is scheduled to commence or by the Chairman at the
relevant Scheme Meeting. A short statement explaining the effect of the Scheme,
together with Forms of Voting and Proxy for use at the Scheme Meetings, is being
sent to all known Scheme Creditors of the Company. Copies of the proposed Scheme
, explanatory statement and Forms of Voting and Proxy may be downloaded from the
Company's website, www.independent-insurance.co.uk, and are also available. on
request by email to iidscheme@capita.co.uk or by post addressed to Scheme
Manager, IICL-SOA, TO BOX 5456, Manchester, M61 OLE. By its Order, the Court has
appointed Mark Charles Batten or, in his absence, Dan Yoram Schwarzmann, both of
Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP, 7 More London Riverside, London SE1 2RT to act as
Chairman of the Scheme Meetings and has directed the Chairman to report the
result of the Scheme Meetings to the Court. In the event that the Scheme
Creditors vote in favour of the Scheme, it will be subject to the subsequent
approval of the Court. For queries in relation to the Scheme or completing your
voting form, please call the IICL helpline on+44 (0)161 274 8837

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 30, 2009 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Fight over gap cover may go back to court;
After losing a case on appeal last year on what constitutes the business of a
medical scheme, the Council for Medical Schemes plans to take renewed action
against insurers that appear to be encroaching on schemes' turf, writes Laura du
Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 947 words


The Council for Medical Schemes is preparing to take insurers offering at least
two healthcare insurance products to court in an attempt to stop them
undermining the business of medical schemes.

This is the latest development in a long-standing fight over what constitutes
the business of a medical scheme and what is a health insurance policy.

Alex van den Heever, the adviser to the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says that
following the failure of the registrar's court attempt to stop medical gap cover
policies last year and delays in attempts to outlaw such products by amending
legislation, many insurers and brokers feel they have carte blanche to introduce
gap cover policies on a wide scale.

A gap cover insurance policy offers cover for the difference between the rate at
which your medical scheme will reimburse a healthcare provider and the rate the
provider charges.

Gap cover policies are often used by medical scheme members who choose a cheaper
option with cover at the guideline Reference Price List tariffs but who use
providers who charge higher rates. The insurance policy covers the gap between
your medical scheme cover and the actual cost.

Van den Heever says the council has problems with insurance products sold
independently of medical schemes, in conjunction with medical scheme membership,
and cases where there is collusion between medical schemes and insurers to
design gaps in the benefits of medical scheme options and insurance products to
fill these gaps.

Insurance and medical scheme cover are often sold together, he says, to boost
the commission payments for brokers or advisers who sell both products. The
commission paid to medical scheme brokers is limited to a maximum of three
percent of your contributions, while commission on insurance products can be
much higher.

schemes undermined

Van den Heever says unregulated health insurance products threaten the existence
of registered medical schemes, which have to provide certain benefits, admit
everyone as a member, and charge all members on the same option the same
contributions.

Insurance products are typically offered at lower premiums to younger and
healthier people who are then encouraged to leave medical schemes or, in the
case of gap cover policies, to migrate to cheaper options.

The older, sicker members then remain on the more costly medical scheme options
without the benefit of subsidisation from healthier members.

If this were allowed to happen, Van den Heever says, South Africa's medical
schemes would become unsustainable and more people would rely on the public
healthcare system.

The Insurance Laws Amendment Act, which was promulgated last year, provides for
the Minister of Finance to issue regulations that will exempt certain health
insurance policies from the Medical Schemes Act. The Finance Minister has to
make his decision in consultation with the Minister of Health after consulting
both the medical schemes regulator and the Financial Services Board.

A task team representing the medical and insurance industries and their
regulators, and driven by the National Treasury, is working on the regulations.

Ismail Momoniat, at the treasury, says the team has commissioned a technical
expert to do an analysis of the impact of the different types of insurance
products on medical schemes.

He says the task team hopes to publish draft regulations by the end of the year
but this will depend on the parties coming to an agreement.

Getting final regulations in place and implemented will take longer, and
Momoniat didn't want to commit to any time frames. The regulations, therefore,
don't offer an immediate solution to the council's problem with certain
insurance products.

In 2006, before last year's amendment to the insurance laws, the Council for
Medical Schemes attempted to put a stop to gap cover products by challenging the
legality of the policy of Alexander Forbes subsidiary Guardrisk in the High
Court. The case was argued on the interpretation of the definition of a medical
scheme in the Medical Schemes Act. The definition lists three things that are
regarded as the business of a medical scheme:

u Providing for members to obtain health services;

u Assisting members to defray the cost of a health service; and

u Rendering a health service, either by a medical scheme itself, or by
suppliers.

one or all three?

The council argued that an insurance product that performed any one of these
three functions was doing the business of a medical scheme, while Guardrisk
argued that to contravene the Act its product would need to do all three.

The High Court agreed with the Council for Medical Schemes, but Guardrisk
appealed, and the Supreme Court overturned the judgment. It interpreted the
Act's definition of a medical scheme in favour of Guardrisk, meaning that an
insurance product needed to perform all three functions to be regarded as doing
the business of a medical scheme.

Van den Heever says the Supreme Court's decision does not preclude a wide
definition of the business of a medical scheme, but the definition "is far from
clear".

After losing all attempts to appeal the Guardrisk case - even in the
Constitutional Court - the council recommended to the Department of Health that
the definition of a medical scheme in the Medical Schemes Act be amended to make
it clear that an entity doing any one of the three things mentioned in the Act
was doing the business of a medical scheme.

An amendment Bill was drafted and submitted to Parliament, but it was not dealt
with by Parliament's health committee last year.

The committee was due to hold its first meeting since the elections this week
and has not yet decided whether to include the bill in this year's agenda.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 757 words


As the Government prepares to bring in changes to employers' obligations on
pensions,  Nick Smith looks at the implications.

THE Personal Accounts Scheme (the "Scheme")    a summary of the Government's
proposals

What is the overarching requirement on employers?

From 2012 employers with workers based in the UK will be required to
automatically enrol all eligible employees into the Scheme or into a qualifying
alternative workplace pension arrangement.

What are the key features of the Scheme?

the Scheme will be established as a trust-based occupational pension scheme;

8% minimum contribution (this will be made up of a member contribution of around
4%, a 3% employer contribution and a contribution from the Government in the
form of tax relief of around 1%);

contributions will be made on a band of earnings between £5,035 and £33,540
(these figures will be uprated annually in line with earnings);

members' annual contributions to the Scheme will be capped at £3,600 (in 2005
earnings terms);

the Government estimates that the annual management charge will be 0.3% or less;
and

there will be a prohibition on transfers between the Scheme and other pension
arrangements (subject to review in 2017).

How will the scheme be established?

The Personal Accounts Delivery Authority (the  Pada ) will be responsible for
designing and building the infrastructure that will underpin the Scheme.  The
Pada is being set up to engage private sector expertise to deliver personal
accounts .

Who will run the scheme?

The Scheme will be established as a trust-based occupational pension scheme.
This means that the Scheme will be run by a board of trustees, known as the
Personal Accounts Board.

The Government proposes to set up a members' panel which will be responsible for
ensuring that the trustees' fulfil their duty to act in the members' best
interests and for communicating members' views and concerns to the trustees.

Who will represent the employers?

The Government also proposes to set up an employers' panel which will be charged
with providing advice on matters affecting employers, acting as the main channel
for consultation with employers and with a specific duty to report on the
administrative burdens the Scheme imposes.

Who will be eligible?

Individuals will be entitled to be automatically enrolled into a qualifying
work-based pension scheme or into the Scheme if they are:

a "worker"

aged between 22 and state pension age; and

earn more than £5,035 per year (this threshold will be uprated each year in line
with earnings).

Individuals aged between 16 and 22 will be able to opt-in to the Scheme and
receive an employer contribution on eligible earnings.  Individuals   who are
above state pension age will also be able to opt-in to the Scheme if they want
to do so.

In addition, individuals whose earnings are below the lower earnings band may
also opt-in to the Scheme but their employer will not be required to make a
contribution to the Scheme.

What does this mean for me as an employer?

Employers will be required to automatically enrol all eligible employees into a
qualifying work-based pension scheme or into the Scheme.  Employees who are
eligible to join the Scheme will need to be enrolled by their employers
immediately on commencement of their employment.  There will then be a short
period before contributions begin to allow individuals to opt-out.

Employers who operate a qualifying work-based pension scheme and who are
therefore exempt from the requirement to enrol eligible employees into the
Scheme, will be required to automatically enrol employees into their own
qualifying scheme.

The Government proposes that employers will have to repeat the process of
auto-enrolment for any individuals who opt out of the Scheme.

Employers who operate a qualifying work-based pension scheme into which eligible
employees are automatically enrolled, will be exempt from the requirement to
automatically enrol eligible employees into the Scheme.

Over the next few months we expect to see further developments which will help
clarify a number of unanswered questions surrounding the introduction of the
Personal Accounts Scheme including:

a) how will contributions be collected?

b) how often will employers be required to repeat the automatic enrolment
process and will there be a single date on which this is done or will every
employee have their own repeat auto-enrolment date?

c) how and when will members be entitled to use their fund?

Nick Smith is an Associate in the Pensions team at the Newcastle office of
Eversheds.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 12, 2016 Monday

Kotak rates Tata Steel as 'Add', says UK pension pact a step forward

BYLINE: Kotak Institutional Equities

LENGTH: 827  words


Tata Steel and trade unions have agreed to close defined benefit scheme for
future accruals and move to defined contribution scheme, and de-link the
existing defined benefit scheme from the steel business. The proposal will
require employee approval. The de-risking of pension liabilities from
steelmaking operations will improve the prospect of a JV with ThyssenKrupp or
other strategic tie-ups. The steps towards improving competitiveness of Europe
operations remain key drivers for our positive view on the stock

Tata Steel and trade unions agree on moving to defined contribution pension
scheme

To improve the sustainability of UK operations, Tata Steel and trade unions have
agreed to proceed towards closure of defined benefit pension scheme for existing
employees (from future accruals) and instead move towards a defined contribution
scheme. Note that the company's liability in case of defined contribution scheme
will be limited to fixed annual payments unlike defined benefit scheme where the
company (as sponsor) was required to fund any future deficits in case of adverse
movement of liabilities with respect to the scheme assets. The company will
start consultations on this proposal with the employees now which will decide
the final outcome. This move will essentially ascertain future pension liability
for 14,000 employee members of Tata Steel of the total 130,000 members (existing
& deferred pensioners).

Existing defined benefit scheme-to work on structural de-risking/de-linking from
business

The existing liability for the defined benefit pension scheme, however, does not
change due to this move towards defined contribution scheme for future accruals.
The company will also work towards de-linking steelmaking operations from
existing defined benefit scheme. The British Steel Pension scheme was in deficit
of GBP 50 million per latest media reports (the deficit was GBP 485 million in
March 2015 and GBP 90 mn per March 2014 triennial valuations). Given small
changes in interest rate can have large impact on scheme liabilities, the
defined benefit scheme remains fragile for the comfort of the sponsor given thin
margins in the UK steelmaking operations. We highlight that cash flow impact on
the scheme sponsor (Tata Steel) is through the payment plan that it agrees to
make the deficit good.

BSPS trustees had earlier discussed various alternatives

The trustees of British Steel Pension Scheme had earlier discussed two
alternatives for restructuring of the existing pension scheme including taking
the scheme to Pension Protection Fund (PPF), or staying out of PPF but modifying
scheme benefits (preferred). The de-risking of pension scheme from UK
steelmaking operations will improve financial sustainability of these
operations. Tata Steel has also agreed to continue to use the existing blast
furnace till 2021 and invest across the UK site. We believe the de-risking of
pension liabilities from UK steelmaking operations also improves the prospect of
a JV with ThyssenKrupp and other strategic tie-ups.

Understanding the issues pertaining to defined benefit scheme (in force to date)

Tata Steel, UK is the sponsor to the British Steel Pension Scheme with 130,000
members including 14,300 employees. As the sponsor of the defined benefit scheme
, the company is required to fund any deficit arising out of excess of pension
liabilities over the scheme assets (investments).

How does it affect Tata Steel's cash flows? The BSPS has remained in deficit for
the past many years due to a fall in interest rates. The decline in interest
rates since 2008 has led to much higher increase in liabilities relative to the
scheme's return on investments; this essentially reflects use of lower discount
rates to value future liabilities. As for example, the scheme had a deficit of
GBP 553 million in 2011 post which Tata Steel agreed to a recovery plan
spreading 2012-2026 which required agreed annual payments to be contributed by
Tata Steel UK. However, in the triennial valuations of March 2014, the reported
deficit declined to GBP 90 million from GBP 553 million in 2011 and a new
recovery plan was agreed upon.

The scheme is very sensitive to interest rate movement, returns: The scheme
liabilities are quite sensitive to interest rate movement and lower interest
rates over last few years has led the scheme falling to deficit from surplus in
2008. The narrowing of the deficit now (compared to 2015) likely reflects
hardening in interest rates as well as the impact of weakening GBP:US$ (asset
re-pricing).

How closing of defined benefit scheme improves sustainability of UK operations:
Given a small movement in interest rate can have large impact on scheme
liabilities, the scheme remains fragile for the comfort of the sponsor given
thin margins in operations. Even if one takes the view that interest rate may
harden (which may be good for the scheme, but again depends on asset returns),
the weak margins may not warrant such a risk appetite.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Block Listing Six Monthly Return

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Ireland


Shire has issued the following news release:

Block Listing Six Monthly Return

May 26, 2015 - Shire plc (LSE: SHP, NASDAQ: SHPG)

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


2000 Executive Share Option Scheme

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


3,406,623

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


Nil

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


3,406,623*

*There are no further awards outstanding under the 2000 Executive Share Option
Scheme and therefore these shares have been cancelled.

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Sharesave Scheme

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


207,758

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


4,207

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


203,551

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Portfolio Share Plan

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


1,138,214

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


2,000,000

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


1,353,145

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


1,785,069

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Period of return:


From:


November 23, 2014


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


524,710

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


Nil

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


2,373

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


522,337

Name of applicant:


Shire plc

Name of scheme:


Shire Long Term Incentive Plan 2015

Period of return:


From:


May 13, 2015


To:


May 22, 2015

Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return:


Nil

Plus:  The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date
of the last return (if any increase has been applied for):


3,000,000

Less:  Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see
LR3.5.7G):


Nil

Equals:  Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period:


3,000,000

Name of contact:


Tony Guthrie, Deputy Company Secretary

Address of contact:


Hampshire International Business Park
Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8EP

Telephone number of contact:


01256 894746

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                August 05, 2014

Half-Way to Maturity for National Pension Scheme

LENGTH: 1050 words


This year marks a milestone for the National Social Security Authority's
National Pension Scheme. It was in October 1994 that the National Pension Scheme
began operating. That means that in October this year the scheme will have been
going for 20 years. This is a particularly important milestone because a social
security pension scheme such as that established and run by NSSA can be
considered as reaching maturity after about 40 years.

The Zimbabwe social security pension scheme is therefore almost half-way towards
becoming a well-established mature scheme that provides reasonable benefits for
those who have contributed to it throughout their working lives.

In the early years of a pension scheme, pensions are inevitably low, because
nobody has contributed for long enough to be able to qualify for a large
pension.

In the case of the National Pension Scheme a minimum of 120 months of
contributions are required in order to qualify for a pension on retirement at
the retirement age applicable to the pension scheme.

That means that it was only at the end of October 2004 that the first
contributors would ordinarily have become eligible for a pension on retirement,
save for those who retired before this date but benefited from the contribution
credits the scheme offered.

In developed countries where social security schemes were established many
decades ago most pensioners have been contributing to the social security
pension scheme all their working lives.

That means that a person who began working at the age of 18 and retired at 65
would have contributed to the scheme for 47 years.

Those who only began working after university could still easily have
contributed to the scheme for more than 40 years before they retire.

With Zimbabwe's social security scheme, the size of a person's retirement
pension depends on two factors, namely the person's contribution period and the
person's insurable earnings on retirement.

The insurable income is that portion of a person's earnings that his or her
contribution to the national pension scheme is based on.

Every person in formal sector employment, other than domestic work, is required
by law to contribute a certain percentage of his or her insurable earnings to
the National Pension Scheme.

Every formal sector employer is obliged to pay the same amount as the employee
to the National Pension Scheme. The percentage is currently 3,5 percent from the
employee and 3,5 percent from the employer. The scheme's design is such that the
percentage should gradually increase as the scheme matures.

For most people their basic earnings constitute their insurable earnings.
However, there is currently a maximum insurable earnings limit of $700 per
month. That means that nobody can insure more than $700 a month of their income
for National Pension Scheme purposes.

All those earning $700 and below $700 a month contribute 3,5 percent of their
basic earnings to the National Pension Fund. Their pension, when they become
eligible for it, will be calculated on the basis of their actual earnings and
contribution period, presuming they are still not earning above the maximum
insurable earnings limit when they retire.

However, those earning above the maximum insurable earnings limit, which is
currently $700 per month, pay contributions based on that maximum limit. They
pay the same contribution as a person earning $700 a month. Their insurable
earnings are $700, regardless of how much they are actually earning.

The NSSA scheme is designed to provide a person who has been contributing to it
for 40 years with a pension that replaces 63,3 percent of his or her insurable
income at retirement.

After 45 years of contributions the insurable income replacement rate would be
75 percent. After 47 years it would be 79,7 percent.

The formula used to calculate a person's pension is the person's insurable
income on retirement multiplied by the number of years the person has
contributed to the scheme multiplied by 1,333 percent.

Ten years from now, for those who joined the scheme at inception in October
1994, there will be a slight variation to the formula in respect of those who
have contributed for more than 30 years. There is an additional one percent of
the years in excess of 30 years that a person has contributed for.

In this way the percentage of insurable income that the pension replaces will
escalate as contributors move towards the 40 years and more contribution
periods.

The replacement rate for those who have contributed to the scheme for 20 years
is 26,7 percent. That is what those who have contributed to the scheme since its
inception can expect if they retire at the end of October this year.

After 25 years the percentage becomes 33,3 percent and after 30 years 40
percent. After 35 years it is 51,7 percent. The percentage increases each year
to a 63,3 percent replacement rate after 40 years.

Once the scheme has been going for 40 years it can be considered as having
matured, although the insurable income replacement rate continues to increase
for those who have contributed for longer than this.

In October this year, the scheme will have been going for 20 years. Although
there is nobody who can have contributed for more than that when the 20th
anniversary arrives, there are many young people in employment now who can
expect their retirement to come after they have contributed to the scheme for 40
years or more.

October marks the half-way mark as the national pension scheme moves on to that
point, in another 20 years from then, when it can be considered a mature scheme.

When it comes to that point, most new pensioners should be receiving a pension
that replaces a reasonable part of their insurable earnings.

The national pension scheme was always going to be a scheme that benefited most
those who began contributing to the scheme while still young and continued
contributing to the scheme throughout their working lives. That is how all such
schemes are designed. The present scheme is now almost half-way towards
achieving that.

Talking Social Security is published weekly by the National Social Security
Authority as a public service. There is also a weekly radio programme on social
security, PaMhepone NSSA/Emoyeni le NSSA. This Thursday the programme will be a
live programme on Radio Zimbabwe at 6.30pm on Radio Zimbabwe.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Health insurance is threatening your medical scheme;
Short-term insurers are undermining medical schemes because the health insurance
products they sell are not subject to the same tight regulations as medical
scheme products, delegates at the Board of Healthcare Funders conference heard
this week. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 959 words


Health insurance products, which charge premiums according to your risk and do
not have to provide minimum benefits, run the risk of eroding the social
solidarity system provided by medical schemes, a medical scheme industry
conference heard this week.

Social solidarity in schemes means that schemes cover your health needs without
linking your contributions to the risk you pose of falling ill.

Barry Childs, a healthcare actuary with Lighthouse Actuarial Consulting, told
the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference in Cape Town this week that if
the proliferation of health insurance products continues, there is a risk that
schemes could reduce their cover to prescribed minimum benefit conditions only
(mainly hospital benefits and cover for the common chronic conditions), and you
would have to buy risk-rated insurance cover for all your other healthcare
needs.

Professor Alex van den Heever, who holds the Chair of Social Security Systems,
Administration and Management Studies at the University of the Witwatersrand,
says that if health insurance products are allowed to continue to offer cover
for the same benefits that schemes offer, there will be a massive disruption of
the medical scheme market.

He says medical schemes are |our social protection against the costs of
ill-health, and if health insurance products are allowed to operate in parallel
with medical schemes, the result will obviously undermine schemes.

Van den Heever says government needs to nip the proliferation of insurance
products in the bud and confine these products to areas which are not covered by
medical scheme benefits.

Childs says the proliferation of insurance products has been driven by
underlying problems in medical schemes, namely the lack of affordability of
scheme contributions and the gap that is emerging between what healthcare
providers charge and what medical schemes pay.

In March last year, National Treasury published draft regulations under the
Short and Long Term Insurance Acts that were aimed at clarifying which health
insurance products would be allowed to operate under an exemption from the
Medical Schemes Act once it was amended.

A proposal to amend the Medical Schemes Act's definition of a medical scheme in
such a way that many insurance products would fall within its ambit and be
required to conform to its requirements is currently contained in the Financial
Services Laws General Amendment Bill, which is before Parliament.

The draft regulations, however, attracted much comment, and |Treasury promised
to published a revised draft.

Childs says the publication of a revised draft is, what he calls, "perpetually
imminent".

Van den Heever says Treasury's draft regulations are "nonsense" and many of the
proposals will deepen the current problem that insurance products are creating.
The only answer is to allow exemptions from the Medical Schemes Act under that
Act only and not through the Insurance Acts, he says.

WIDENING GAP

Van den Heever says one type of health insurance, gap cover, is not as benign as
some providers have claimed, but is driving up the costs of health care because
it legitimises the charging of any price for healthcare services.

When medical scheme members supplement their scheme cover with insurance
products to cover shortfalls, it reduces the incentive for medical schemes to
resolve the issue of the affordability of contributions and to reduce the gaps
between what schemes pay and doctors charge.

In the absence of gap cover products, providers and schemes would be forced to
agree on reasonable charges, he says.

Childs says South Africa should reaffirm its commitment to solidarity-based
financing of healthcare.

He says medical schemes could, in the interim, address their lack of
affordability and the growing gap in benefits by lobbying government for the
introduction of mandatory membership for employed people, risk equalisation of
healthcare costs across schemes, clear demarcation guidelines, and risk-based
solvency requirements for schemes.

Between 2007 and 2011, the |medical scheme industry lost the |impetus to
continue its reforms because of the government's change in direction, Childs
says. The reforms are necessary, he says, to ensure that schemes can be
sustainable while meeting the need for social protection from healthcare costs.

Childs says there is a |lot of activity in the health insurance market because
the profit margins on these products |are attractive.

He says the short-term insurance industry is increasingly developing hybrid
products that combine an insurance policy with a product that pays a provider
of, for example, primary healthcare, dentistry or optometry.

Brokers are then approaching employers and offering to give them cheaper
solutions to cover the healthcare needs of their blue collar workers.

Childs says these hybrid products have significant potential |to undermine
medical schemes, |because it is difficult for schemes to design sustainable
options for low-income earners.

Childs says hospital cash plans and gap cover products are governed by the Short
and Long Term Insurance Acts, but other products that pay healthcare providers,
such as those offering dental and optometry benefits, do not have to hold any
capital in order to meet their liabilities to you. These products are in a
regulatory vacuum, he says.

Childs says that in some cases, where schemes only have options that pay
specialists at a particular tariff and no options that cover higher tariffs, it
is argued that |gap cover can enrich the scheme's benefits.

But in cases where a scheme has a higher option that pays specialists at a
higher rate, gap cover policies can cannibalise the higher option, because
members will buy down to a lower option and top up with gap cover, Childs says.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     August 8, 2012 Wednesday 12:05 PM  EST

SCHEMES AND PROGRAMMES IN OPERATION IN UTTAR PRADESH

LENGTH: 305 words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 8 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The following schemes and programmes of the Ministry of Textiles are in
operation on all India basis, including Uttar Pradesh:

1. Jute Sector:

(i) Scheme No. 7.2: Helping NGOs & Women Self Help Groups [WSHGs] for developing
Jute Diversified Products (JDPs).

(ii) Scheme No. 7.3: Scheme for Promotion of Jute Diversification.

2. Powerloom Sector:

(i) Group Insurance Scheme to the powerloom workers;

(ii) Group Workshed Scheme;

(iii) Integrated Scheme for Powerloom Sector Development:

(a) Marketing Development Programme for Powerloom Sector;

(b) Exposure visit by Powerloom Weavers to other clusters;

(c) Powerloom Cluster Development; and

(d) Development &Upgradation of Skills (HRD).

3. Cotton Sector:

(i) Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS).

4. Silk Sector:

(i) Catalytic Development Programme (CDP).

5. Human Resources:

(i) Integrated Skill Development Scheme (ISDS).

6. Export Sector:

(i) Common Compliance Code Scheme.

7. Scheme for Integrated Textile Parks (SITP).

8. Handicraft Sector:

(i) Baba SahebAmbedkarHastshilpVikasYojana;

(ii) Design & Technology Upgradation Scheme;

(iii) Marketing Support Services Scheme;

(iv) Research & Development Scheme;

(v) Human Resource Development Scheme; and

(vi) Handicraft Artisans Comprehensive Welfare Scheme.

9. Handloom Sector:

(i) Integrated handlooms Development Scheme;

(ii) Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme;

(iii) Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme;

(iv) Mill Gate Price Scheme; and

(v) Diversified Handloom Development Scheme.

This information was given by the Minister of State in the Ministry Of Textiles,
Smt. Panabaaka Lakshmi in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha today. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Two troubled schemes to close

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 438 words


The Council for Medical Schemes announced yesterday that Renaissance Health
Medical Scheme and Humanity Medical Scheme will be liquidated.

The troubled Renaissance has been under curatorship since May and now has debts
amounting to some R60 million.

The scheme's 4 000 members will be given the opportunity to move to Medihelp
Medical Scheme from October 1 without being subject to any new waiting periods.

However, Patrick Matshidze, the acting Registrar of Medical Schemes, says the
scheme has little by way of assets that a liquidator could use to settle the
scheme's debts.

Same Administrator

Both Humanity and Renaissance were being administered by Prosperity Health
Administrators.

Humanity Medical Scheme has also been in financial difficulty for a while, but
the scheme's liabilities are not as extensive, Matshidze says.

The scheme has about 8 000 members and they are in the process of being
transferred to Community Medical Aid Scheme (Commed) as this scheme has agreed
to take them without any new waiting periods.

Matshidze says Commed will assist Humanity members with some of the liabilities
they will face as a result of the liquidation.

Both schemes are still working out details of the liquidation and appointing
liquidators to file papers.

Matshidze says before approving the transfer of members to new schemes, the
council took into account the governance and stability of the schemes to which
members would transfer and the burden to that scheme of accepting the members.

Humanity has had a troubled past. It was previously known as KwaZulu Natal
Medical Aid Scheme and was under curatorship twice. Some of its members went
through a liquidation when they were members of Omnihealth, which got into
financial difficulty in 2005.

Humanity Medical Scheme attempted to merge with Hosmed Medical Aid Scheme
earlier this year but the council refused permission for the merger on the
grounds that it was not in members' interests.

Hosmed had failed to inform Humanity that it had legal bills of some R45 million
and Humanity members would have had a negative impact on Hosmed's profile.

Matshidze says due to Humanity's rapidly deteriorating finances, it applied to
the council for an exemption from the Medical Schemes Act allowing for a speedy
transfer of members to Commed.

Renaissance got into financial difficulty and was placed under curatorship in
May this year.

The curator, Mzi Nkonki, was originally of the view that the scheme could be
saved, but members left the scheme in droves and the curator then sought a
merger. Matshidze says as more information became available it became clear that
the scheme could not be saved.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                            February 01, 2008 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

One scheme to bind them all

BYLINE: PATRICK HLAHLA and sapa

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 457 words


The Tshwane Metro Council has combined several different town-planning schemes
into a single scheme that is expected to come into effect either later this
month or in March.

The Tshwane Town-planning Scheme 2007 replaces the Akasia-Soshanguve
Town-planning Scheme 1996, the Centurion Town-planning Scheme 1992 (revised
1999), the Pretoria Town-planning Scheme 1974, the Malelane Town-planning Scheme
1972, the Peri-Urban Areas Town-planning Scheme 1975 and the Pretoria Region
Town-planning Scheme 1960.

The municipality stated that the new scheme - which was presented to developers
and consultants at the Centurion municipal offices yesterday - was adopted after
being approved by all the main political parties in council.

"It is recognised as a major achievement for the city," said council
spokesperson Console Tleane.

"Having one single scheme for Tshwane will put the City of Tshwane way ahead of
the other metropolitan municipalities in Gauteng and possibly the rest of
Africa," said Tleane.

Anne Shanmugam, deputy general manager: land use applications, said at
yesterday's developers and consultant's forum in the Centurion municipal offices
that existing applications in the system that had not yet been approved must,
after the Tshwane scheme came into operation, be converted to the new scheme.
Shanmugam said applicants would receive written notification indicating the new
scheme number and reference number (if applicable).

"All rezoning and township establishment applications approved can be
promulgated in terms of the 'old schemes' until the Tshwane Scheme is
promulgated and for the next 28 days afterwards," Shanmugam said.

After the 28 days of the promulgation of the scheme, no further promulgations in
terms of the "old scheme" will take place as the database of land use rights
must administratively be converted into the new Tshwane database.

"All promulgations will then be 'frozen' for a period of 28 days - no
extraordinary gazette promulgations will be allowed.

"Once the Tshwane Scheme has come into operation, promulgations will take place
in terms of the new scheme only - implying that if necessary, the approved land
use rights must be converted in terms of the Tshwane Scheme before
promulgation," she said.

Shanmugam said no applications in terms of the Tshwane Scheme would be accepted
before it came into operation.

"The Tshwane Town Planning Scheme 2007 document will only be given out on the
date that it comes into operation," Shanmugam said.

She said CDs containing the scheme, manuals and fees would be sold at the
council's offices.

"Information sheets will be available at all the Land Use information counters
indicating the processes as discussed as soon as the Tshwane Scheme is
promulgated," Shanmugam said.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             January 6, 2006 Friday

Pension rules now require statement of principles

BYLINE: Fiona Daly

SECTION: FINANCE; Personal Finance; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 932 words


New regulations have come into effect for pension schemes. Two separate
regulations impact on the investment practices of pension schemes. The
Occupational Pension Schemes (Investment) Regulations 2005 and the Occupational
Pension Schemes (Disclosure of Information) Regulations 2005.

The impact of these regulations is to impose a legal requirement on practices
already adopted by the majority of pension schemes.

The investment regulations include a requirement that the assets of the pension
scheme are predominantly invested in regulated markets, that the assets are
diversified and that derivatives are only used in order to reduce investment
risk or to facilitate efficient portfolio management.

Meanwhile, the disclosure regulations dictate the information to be supplied to
members of defined contribution schemes - most of which is already provided as a
matter of course.

Arguably, the most significant new requirement under the investment regulations
is that all pension schemes, whether defined benefit or defined contribution,
with more than 100 members must produce a statement of investment policy &
principles (SIPP).

This is a document that includes the investment objectives of the trustees, the
risk measurement methods, the risk management processes to be used, and the
strategic asset allocation implemented with respect to the nature and duration
of pension liabilities.

In Britain, there has long been a requirement for schemes to have such a
statement. However, for Irish pension schemes this is the first time that such a
statement has been mandatory.

In the past, it has been common for schemes to adopt investment strategies
without taking into account the level of risk control or the appropriateness of
the strategy for their own liability profile. Now, however, such schemes will be
required to demonstrate that these factors have been accounted for.

Consequently, trustees will have to think about their investment strategies,
rather than merely following their peers or the advice of their investment
managers or consultants. Therefore, this new requirement can only be a good
thing.

The last point for inclusion in the SIPP is perhaps the most significant. For
defined benefit schemes, this means trustees will need to adopt an investment
strategy that takes into consideration their own scheme's particular situation
with regard to promised benefits between working, deferred and retired members
and the length of time before these become payable.

While these may seem like obvious considerations, it is only in the past few
years that such an approach to setting investment policy has become popular. In
order to set such an investment strategy, many schemes have had to carry out
expensive asset-liability modelling exercises. The cost of these exercises has
made them impractical for small and medium-sized pension schemes.

A more practical and affordable alternative is to have an investment consultant
prepare a less modelling-intensive analysis of the scheme's assets and
liabilities. While not as sophisticated, such an analysis is cheaper, and
therefore more accessible for smaller schemes. This would provide trustees with
a greater understanding of the relationship between their scheme's investment
portfolio and their benefit liabilities. Such an analysis can therefore assist
trustees in setting an investment strategy appropriate for their particular
scheme.

Why is this so important? In the past there has often been a mismatch between
the behaviour of the scheme's assets and its liabilities.

For example, in the bear market of the early 21st century many schemes found
themselves in a situation where the assets of the scheme were falling in value
(sometimes by up to 50 per cent) while the actuarial value of their liabilities
kept rising.

Schemes which had strong funding positions at the end of the 1990s suddenly
found themselves with large funding deficits.

Employers also took an increased interest in the funding position of their
schemes following the introduction of new accounting standards (such as FRS17)
which require companies to show the pension scheme's surplus or deficit on their
balance sheets.

The situation that schemes found themselves in at that time highlighted to both
trustees and employers the need to adopt an investment strategy for the scheme's
assets that reflects the behaviour of the liabilities.

One barrier to doing so, however, has been that those schemes with large
deficits (where the value of the liabilities is greater than the value of the
assets), had lost ground to make up. It is often the case that the adoption of a
matched investment strategy will lead to lower long-term returns.

Introducing such a strategy at a time when the scheme's funding position was
poor would have made it even harder to recover this lost ground without
significantly increased contributions from the employer. Naturally, this was not
a popular option with many employers.

However, equity markets have recovered significantly over the past three years
and many schemes are now in much stronger positions. This, combined with the new
regulations, means that it is now timely to review a scheme's investment
strategy.

Adopting an appropriate strategy now will mean that schemes should be protected
against any future shocks like the collapse of the technology bubble in 2000.

A scheme's first SIPP must be included in the trustees' annual report for the
year commencing after September 23rd last and reviewed at least every three
years.

Fiona Daly is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries and Managing Director of
Rubicon Investment Consulting.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                               November 23, 2001

PENSIONS TIMEBOMB;
Experts warn that millions face a harsher retirement

BYLINE: Darren Behar

SECTION: Pg. 1;4

LENGTH: 1002 words


MILLIONS of workers who thought pensions had secured their future could find
themselves facing poverty in retirement.

A report from the pension industry's own experts warned yesterday that changes
in company schemes could leave a generation not saving enough for its old age.

Staff in company pension schemes have traditionally been guaranteed a retirement
income of two-thirds of their final salary.

But many firms are abandoning these schemes, which have become too expensive as
staff live longer and retire earlier.

In their place, they are introducing riskier and more unpredictable schemes that
rely on the fluctuating performance of the stock market to fund pensions.

Those already signed up to the traditional 'final salary' schemes are mostly
unaffected.

But staff who have recently joined company schemes or are planning to do so will
have to contribute much more of their salary towards their pension if they are
to enjoy a comfortable retirement.

Yesterday the energy group Lattice, which was part of British Gas, became the
latest big firm to axe its final salary scheme. It joins companies including
Sainsbury, Tesco, Barclays Bank, Lloyds TSB and ICI.

The report yesterday, from the respected Association of Consulting Actuaries,
showed many smaller firms are also following suit.

Figures from the ACA show an employee typically saves 3 per cent of his annual
salary into a stockmarket linked scheme on top of an employer contribution of
around six per cent.

But he would have to save a massive 12 per cent of his salary to get a pension
as large as he would have under the final salary scheme.

Final salary pensions are a longterm liability because the employer guarantees
the pension and must usually make up any shortfall in the pension fund.

But with a stock market pension it is the employee rather than the company who
takes the risk.

These schemes leave the pension dependent on how much is contributed and the
performance of the stock market.

Most employers cut costs further by contributing far less to stock market-based
pensions.

Employers tend to pay 15 to 20 per cent of an employee's salary to a final
salary scheme but just 5 to 10 per cent to a stock market scheme.

Another crucial difference is the fringe benefits attached to the pension.

If an employee dies a final salary scheme will typically pay a lump sum of
between two and four times salary to any spouse. The spouse will also receive a
pension based on expected earnings to retirement. There will usually also be a
pension for any dependent children and a lump sum to cover funeral expenses.

A stock market scheme will pay a lump sum if an employee dies but that is likely
to be it. ACA chairman Mike Arnold said: 'We are very worried about levels of
contributions and what these will produce in terms of pensions.

'We are also concerned that the move away from good occupational arrangements is
accelerating.'

Colleague Matthew Demwell added: ' The savings gap is gargantuan.

'We are not talking about a few pounds to make up the gap.' Staff living longer
and retiring earlier is not the only problem for those offering final salary
schemes.

Experts also blame falling investment returns and a tax on pension funds imposed
by Gordon Brown in 1997.

The result has been a massive switch to the riskier schemes.

The ACA survey found the number of final salary schemes have fallen by 15 per
cent in the last four years.

Comment Page 12

How some big firms have replaced the conventional schemes THESE are some of the
big names that have opted out of final salary schemes.

ASTRA ZENECA

Final salary scheme closed January 1, 2001.

Old scheme: 25,874 members.

Contributions: Employer 8-12 per cent, employees 4pc. Based on final salary.

New scheme: about 1,500 members. Contributions: Employer: 8-12 pc, employee can
choose usually 4pc. Based on stock market.

BT

Final salary scheme closed March 31, 2001.

Old scheme: 380,000 members.

Contributions: Employer, 11.6pc, employee 6pc. Based on 1/60th salary per year.

New scheme: 3,000 members. Contributions: Employer and employer, minimum 4pc. BT
matches anything employee puts in to a maximum 10pc. Stock market linked.

BARCLAYS

Final salary scheme closed June 30, 1997.

Old scheme: 147,469 members.

Contributions: Employer, none since 1997, employee none. Based on 1/60th salary
per year.

New scheme: 12,695 members.

Contributions: Barclays 5.5pc, employees up to 4pc of salary. Barclays matches
employee contributions either one, one-and-a-half or two times depending on the
employee's age. Based on stock market.

BOOTS

Final salary scheme closed October 2000.

Old scheme: 52,000 members.

New scheme: Stock market-based stakeholder pensions but option to join the final
salary after five years employment.

Refused to disclose further details.

LATTICE GROUP

Final salary scheme closes April 2002.

Old scheme: 129,000 members. Contributions: Employer 3pc, employee 3pc.

Based on 1/60th salary per year.

New scheme: details to be confirmed. Based on stock market.

LLOYDS TSB

Lloyds final salary scheme closed January 1, 1996, TSB January 1, 1998.

Old schemes: 171,000 members.

Contributions: Employer: refused to say, employee: none. Based on 1/60th salary
for each year worked.

New scheme: 13,000 members.

Contributions: Employer 8.5-12.5pc, employee up to 2pc which Lloyds will match.
Based on stock market.

SAINSBURY

Final salary scheme closes in April 2002.

Old scheme: 105,000 members. Contributions: Employer 8.5pc, employee 4.25pc.

Based on 1/60th of final salary for each year worked.

New scheme 1: Started 1999, 12,000 members. Contributions: 3pc employer, 4.25pc
employee. Group personal pension is based on stock market.

New scheme 2: Starts April 2002. Contributions: Employer to match employee
contribution up 10 pc.

Stakeholder, based on stock market.


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2001 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              127 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                           November 04, 2001, Sunday

Boots pension fund: what's it all about? The retailer has taken all its money
out of equities. Should this worry us? asks Pamela Atherton

BYLINE: By Pamela Atherton

SECTION: Pg. 04

LENGTH: 1111 words

Q: I have read something in the newspapers about some pension scheme moving out
of equities and into bonds. Is this something that I should take notice of?

A: You are referring to the Boots pension scheme, one of Britain's top 50
pension schemes, currently valued at around pounds 2.3bn. It is not a
particularly "mature" scheme by pension scheme standards, although roughly half
of the members are pensioners and deferred pensioners (former employees who have
yet to take their pensions).

This means that, as it is a final-salary scheme, the fund has to find large
amounts of income to pay for existing pensioners as well as being prepared for
the growing number of deferred pensioners who will take their pensions over the
next 20 to 30 years.

Q: So what? I thought most of these huge pension schemes had shedloads of money
and that some even had surpluses which allowed the employer to get away with
paying in nothing for years on end.

A: This is still the case for a few lucky pension schemes like the British Coal
Pension Scheme, but a number of schemes have seen large surpluses turn into
deficits in recent years for a number of reasons.

We are all living longer, share values have plummeted over the past 18 months
and interest rates are lower than they have been for decades, all of which has
driven up the cost of buying annuities.

The Boots scheme is not in deficit but the trustees and the employer (who
ultimately has to make up any shortfall in the scheme) decided they wanted to
reduce the likelihood of the company having to fork out more money to plug any
gap between the value of the scheme's assets and the cost of paying the pensions
(the "liabilities").

Q: But surely that's not the only problem?

A: You're right. Unfortunately occupational pension schemes are going to have to
declare the liabilities in their funds in a much more transparent way than in
the past, due to a new accounting standard (FRS17 in pensions jargon) which is
being phased in from next April. This will require companies to show the true
cost of their pension liabilities, either as a deficit or a surplus, in the
annual report and accounts.

Where a pension scheme is worth more than the stockmarket capitalisation of the
company and the scheme has a deficit, the share price could be adversely
affected. This is why schemes are taking remedial action to reduce the
likelihood of a deficit arising.

At the moment, the scheme actuary can account for pension costs on a "discounted
yield", which effectively allows him to take a long-term view and smooth out the
ups and downs in the scheme's valuation from one year to the next.

Q: Yes, but to shift the entire portfolio from shares to bonds seems a bit
extreme, particularly if the scheme is not in deficit.

A: That's true, but trustees have a duty to pay the promised pensions and, if
they feel that the return on shares in the short term will not match the
scheme's liabilities, they are perfectly entitled to shift into the relative
safety of bonds.

According to a Boots spokesman, the employer and the trustees took this course
of action in order to reduce risk and volatility in the fund and to limit costs.
"It's all about matching the scheme's assets [investments] with its liabilities
and saving costs," he says.

Q: I understand the bit about matching assets with liabilities, but why does
investing solely in bonds limit costs?

A: The Boots scheme is investing in top-quality bonds (called triple A bonds)
from issuers such as the World Bank and the European Investment Bank. These
bonds pay income twice yearly at a set rate. Provided the scheme has matched
this income to its outgoings, it is unlikely that the employer will have to meet
a shortfall.

Secondly, the cost of managing a bond portfolio is tiny compared with the cost
of running an actively managed share portfolio. Boots says the investment
management costs of the scheme have fallen from pounds 10m a year to pounds
250,000.

Q: So does all this mean my company pension scheme will be doing likewise?

A: Not necessarily. It all depends on the membership profile of your company
scheme. Each scheme is different depending on the number of contributing members
compared with the number of current and future pensioners. It will also depend
on the age profile of the membership.

A scheme with a large, young workforce would probably be advised to invest
heavily in equities because equities have historically outperformed bonds over
the long term. But a "mature" scheme with lots of pensioners and members nearing
retirement will need masses of fixed-interest securities like bonds to provide a
guaranteed income to pay their pensions.

Q: So how do I find out what my pension scheme is doing?

A: You should receive an annual report setting out the investment split of your
fund and an explanation of the choice of investments.

In addition, trustees have to provide a Statement of Investment Principles
setting out the rationale for the scheme's investment strategy. Your scheme
booklet should tell you how to contact the trustees if you have any questions.

Q: What are other pension schemes doing?

A: There has been a shift to bonds in some schemes, but not as dramatic as the
Boots move. Many schemes are simply increasing the proportion of bonds they hold
from, say, 5 per cent to between 10 and 30 per cent, depending on the maturity
of the scheme. For instance, Marks & Spencer, which has a non-contributory
scheme (ie fully paid for by the employer) has moved some of its portfolio from
shares to bonds over the past year. The balance is now 2:1 in favour of bonds.

Q: Isn't Boots ignoring the old adage of not putting all our eggs in one basket?

A: Yes, but remember that Boots' is just one particular pension scheme acting to
meet a specific need. It doesn't mean that ordinary investors should follow
suit. On the contrary, you should maintain a balanced portfolio.

Q: So it doesn't mean I should put some of my equity Isa and pension money into
bonds then?

A: If you are investing for the short term and need income, it may be useful to
invest a portion of your spare cash in bonds. But it all depends on your
attitude to risk and your investment horizon. David Hager, of the actuarial firm
Bacon & Woodrow, warns: "If in 10 years' time, interest rates are at 10 per
cent, bonds will have lost a lot in capital value."

Q: So should I just leave everything as it is?

A: No, you should monitor your portfolio regularly, just as pension funds do to
see whether they are still on track to meet their objectives. You should seek
independent financial advice about tailoring your portfolio to your needs.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              128 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

PM Modi calls the new crop insurance scheme a Lohri, Pongal, Bihu gift to
farmers

BYLINE: Vishwa Mohan

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 903 words


NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday approved a new crop insurance scheme
having provisions of lowest ever premium, post-harvest cover, individual farmer
as unit of insurance and mandatory interventions of technology for quicker
settlement of claims. It will come into effect from the Kharif crop cycle,
beginning June.

The scheme, called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi as his government's Lohri,
Pongal, Bihu gift to farmers, will eventually replace the existing farm
insurances which have not even covered one-fourth of the crop area of 194.40
million hectare in the country.

Besides keeping the premium low, the new scheme - called Pradhan Mantri Fasal
Bima Yojana (PM Crop Insurance Scheme) - also makes a provision of compensation
to insured farmers if they have to skip sowing due to natural calamities like
floods, unseasonal rains, hailstorm and cyclones.

READ ALSO:

"Farmer brothers and sisters, at a time when you are celebrating festivals like
Lohri, Pongal and Bihu, the government has given you a gift in the form of Prime
Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme," Modi tweeted hours after the Cabinet cleared
the proposal.

"This is a historic day. I am confident that this scheme, which is inspired by
the consideration of farmers' benefit, will bring about a major transformation
to the lives of farmers", he said while noting that the new scheme includes
successful aspects of the existing schemes and "effectively addresses" whatever
was lacking in those schemes.

Farmers under the new scheme will have to pay a uniform premium of only 2% for
all Kharif crops and 1.5% for all Rabi crops as against the average premium rate
of 5.5% for food-grains under the existing schemes.

The remaining sum of premium under the new scheme would be borne by the Centre
and state governments equally, entailing outgo of Rs 8,800 crore annually by
central government for coverage of 50% of the crop area of 194.40 million
hectare.

he government on Wednesday approved a new crop insurance scheme having
provisions of lowest ever premium, post-harvest cover, individual farmer as unit
of insurance and mandatory interventions of technology for quicker settlement of
claims. It will come into effect from the Kharif crop cycle, beginning June.

The scheme, called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi as his government's Lohri,
Pongal, Bihu gift to farmers, will eventually replace the existing farm
insurances which have not even covered one-fourth of the crop area of 194.40
million hectare in the country.

Besides keeping the premium low, the new scheme - called Pradhan Mantri Fasal
Bima Yojana (PM Crop Insurance Scheme) - also makes a provision of compensation
to insured farmers if they have to skip sowing due to natural calamities like
floods, unseasonal rains, hailstorm and cyclones.

READ ALSO:

"Farmer brothers and sisters, at a time when you are celebrating festivals like
Lohri, Pongal and Bihu, the government has given you a gift in the form of Prime
Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme," Modi tweeted hours after the Cabinet cleared
the proposal.

"This is a historic day. I am confident that this scheme, which is inspired by
the consideration of farmers' benefit, will bring about a major transformation
to the lives of farmers", he said while noting that the new scheme includes
successful aspects of the existing schemes and "effectively addresses" whatever
was lacking in those schemes.

Farmers under the new scheme will have to pay a uniform premium of only 2% for
all Kharif crops and 1.5% for all Rabi crops as against the average premium rate
of 5.5% for food-grains under the existing schemes.

The remaining sum of premium under the new scheme would be borne by the Centre
and state governments equally, entailing outgo of Rs 8,800 crore annually by
central government for coverage of 50% of the crop area of 194.40 million
hectare.

READ ALSO:

"There is no upper limit on government subsidy. Even if the balance premium is
90%, it will be borne by the government", said the Union agriculture minister
Radha Mohan Singh while calling it a "path breaking scheme for farmers'
welfare".

At present, there are two schemes - National Agricultural Insurance Schemes
(NAIS) and Modified NAIS - in the market, having high variability in premium
rates. While NAIS was launched in 1999, the MNAIS has been in operation since
2010.

Under the new scheme, the farmers will have to pay a uniform premium throughout
the country. Besides, the new scheme will treat individual farmer as unit of
insurance unlike the existing schemes where an entire village or a group of
villages is taken as unit to arrive at damage and compensation. Under the old
schemes, farmers having farms in low lying areas have to suffer the most as they
are eligible for just an average compensation (insured sum) package.

"New scheme is definitely an improvement over the previous schemes but much
depend on the finer details when it will be rolled out. The use of technology in
loss assessment, individual farmer as unit of insurance in case of certain
damages and subsidy on premium are long pending demands of farmers
organizations", said Sudhir Panwar, president of the Kisan Jagriti Manch and
Member Planning Commission in Uttar Pradesh.

Welcoming the move, Panwar said, "It is a big relief to farmers after three
successive crop failures. This is also a first step towards income assurance
needed in farm sector at this juncture".

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 08, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Low reserves a common problem

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 267 words


The number of members of medical schemes that have not achieved the required
solvency ratio remains high despite an improvement in the average solvency
ratios of schemes and a drop in the number of schemes that have not achieved
solvency (from 19 to 14, partly due to amalgamations and liquidations).

Sixty percent of all medical scheme beneficiaries in open schemes were in
schemes that did not meet the required solvency level, while 49.5 percent of the
beneficiaries in restricted schemes were in schemes that did not meet the
required solvency level, the Council for Medical Schemes's latest annual report
shows. This is because the country's two largest medical schemes - Discovery
Health Medical Scheme and the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) - have
reserves below the required level.

Discovery Health's reserves reached 23.5 percent at the end of last year (down
from 24.7 percent at the end of 2010), while Gems increased its solvency ratio
from 7.1 percent at the end of 2010 to 8.6 percent at the end of last year, the
annual report shows.

Other schemes that the Council for Medical Schemes is monitoring because they do
not have the required reserves are: Altron Medical Aid Scheme, Community Medical
Aid Scheme, Hosmed Medical Aid Scheme, Keyhealth, Minemed Medical Scheme,
Momentum Health, National Independent Medical Aid Society, Pharos Medical Plan,
Resolution Health Medical Scheme, Thebemed and Transmed Medical Fund and Umvuzo
Health Medical Scheme.

Schemes have only two options for raising funds to meet the required reserves:
increase your contributions or cut your benefits.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

More members but fewer schemes

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 380 words


Medical scheme membership grew by just over three percent in 2010 but the
consolidation of schemes continued last year, with another 10 schemes
disappearing, the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2010/11 shows.

The number of registered medical schemes decreased from 144 in 2000 to 100 last
year, and is down to 99 schemes this year.

In 2010, 10 schemes either amalgamated with other schemes or were liquidated,
the annual report says.

The number of open schemes dropped from 47 in 2000 to 27 in 2010, while the
number of restricted schemes decreased from 97 in 2000 to 73 in 2010, the annual
report shows.

The fall in the number of schemes is particularly marked among small schemes
(those with less than 6 000 members), the report says.

Membership trends

The number of beneficiaries (members and dependants) increased by 3.1 percent to
8.3 million by the end of last year, the annual report shows.

Much of the membership growth is a result of people joining the Government
Employees Medical Scheme (Gems). Since 2006, people who become public servants
may only join Gems, and there is a full subsidy for employees who belong to the
scheme's lowest-cost option.

The scheme has taken on more than 520 000 members in its first five years, and
Gems reports that about half of these members were not scheme members
previously.

The number of principal members of all schemes increased by 3.6 percent to 3.6
million members last year, the annual report shows. The number of dependants
increased by 2.7 percent to 4.7 million.

Since 2000, the number of beneficiaries in open schemes has increased only by
about 100 000, whereas restricted schemes have taken on 1.4 million
beneficiaries - many of them into Gems.

The average age of scheme beneficiaries has fallen slightly, from 31.6 years in
2009 to 31.5 years in 2010 - largely as a result of government employees joining
Gems. The average age of open scheme beneficiaries is, however, up from 31.9
years to 32.9 years.

The ratio of pensioner members to members under 65 was 6.5 percent last year -
unchanged from that in 2009, the annual report shows.

The pensioner ratio of open schemes has, since the launch of Gems, been
increasing, reaching 7.5 percent last year, against 5.1 percent in restricted
schemes, affecting schemes' claims.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 29, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Company control: scheme reform essential

BYLINE: Tony Damian. Tony Damian is an M&A partner at Freehills and is co-author
of Schemes, Takeovers and Himalayan Peaks.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 847 words


While minority protections are important, so too is a wellfunctioning market,
writes Tony Damian.

Parliament would do well to carefully consider the reform proposals released on
Thursday by the Corporations and Markets Advisory Committee (CAMAC) regarding
the use of schemes of arrangement to effect changes of corporate control.

The CAMAC report demonstrates that not only are the scheme provisions in need of
reform, but also that there are benefits from a considered review of provisions
that affect our corporate sector.

Importantly, the report has ignored the misplaced calls from some quarters to
restrict the use of schemes, or to even remove them altogether from the mergers
and acquisitions landscape.

The usual reason for complaint against schemes of arrangement centres on
perceived lower approval thresholds. Critics say those lower thresholds mean
that the bar in a scheme is set too low before dissenting minorities can have
their shares compulsorily acquired.

In a takeover, the threshold required to achieve compulsory acquisition is 90
per cent. In a scheme, the approval of at least 75 per cent of the votes cast is
required, along with a majority of shareholders by number. The thresholds for a
scheme are different, but owing to voter turnout and the class voting system in
a scheme, not necessarily lower than in a takeover.

While the approval thresholds in schemes are relevant to the question of
minority protections, so too are the many protective features of schemes that
are not found in takeover bids. These features include target board approval (
schemes can be used only in agreed deals), ASICAustralian Securities and
Investments Commission (ASIC) review, court sanction, the in effect mandatory
provision of an expert's report, and a shareholders' meeting, complete with its
class and interest voting exclusions.

A more recent addition to the trick bag of scheme sceptics is the argument that,
as one submission to CAMAC put it, "few boards dare take a robust view and
reject schemes" with the consequence that once put to target boards, scheme
proposals are readily accepted without question. The sceptics argue that this,
combined with low approval thresholds, gives a scheme an inevitability that
cannot be avoided. No doubt AMP, some Canadian pension funds and many other
aspiring acquirers over the years wished that were so.

Complainants also suggest that schemes are done on the cheap when compared with
bids and that they are so prevalent that bids are hardly used any more.

It is a simple exercise to expose these assertions for the fictions that they
are. Objective analysis demonstrates there is little difference in the average
premiums between schemes and agreed takeover bids. That analysis also
demonstrates that takeovers are still the preferred structure in agreed deals.

In light of these issues, critics of schemes have called for a more stringent
application of the takeover avoidance provision in the Corporations Act to put
an end to schemes or, failing that, to at least severely restrict their use. The
takeover avoidance provision states that a scheme should not be approved if it
was proposed for the purpose of avoiding the takeover provisions or unless ASIC
was otherwise satisfied with the scheme.

One of the key recommendations of the CAMAC report is for parliament to repeal
the takeover avoidance provision. This is the provision that is used by
objectors to try to derail schemes. Recognising the role schemes play, CAMAC has
recommended that objectors no longer have access to it.

This reform proposal is important for two reasons. First, it would ensure that
schemes continue to occupy their useful role in mergers and acquisitions.
Schemes promote a competitive market for corporate control. Such a market is not
advanced by 10 per cent of shareholders being assured of blocking control
transactions. While minority protections are important, so too is a
well-functioning market for control of listed companies.

Second, merger proponents, in my view, have a right to expect that the relevant
statutory infrastructure is sound and that there should not be deal risk from
esoteric legal provisions. While schemes have to date survived various
challenges over the years in relation to takeover avoidance, it should not be
assumed that this will always remain the case. CAMAC has also taken time to
examine a range of other issues relevant to schemes. It has recommended measures
to encourage documents that are less likely to be mistaken for metropolitan
telephone directories.

It has also recognised the plain anomaly in directors having due diligence
defences in fund-raising documents and in takeover documents, but not in scheme
booklets.

Other suggested reforms include opening up the scheme provisions to the many
managed investment schemes listed on the Australian Stock Exchange, as well as
procedural reforms to schemes to deal with a wide range of issues that are now
in need of a legislative fix.

Once scheme reform is complete, a similar process of review and reform of the
laws regulating takeover bids would be helpful too.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 July 15, 2007
                                   e1 Edition

Levelling the playing fields for medical aids;
Proposal that schemes with many old and ill members receive money from a
yet-to-be-established central risk equalisation fund

BYLINE: Edwin Naidu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 932 words


New government regulations containing dramatic changes affecting the medical aid
contributions of young and old members are on the cards in a move aimed at
having low-risk medical aid schemes subsidise higher-risk ones.

The legislation aims to spread the burden of care by ensuring that low-risk
schemes with predominantly younger members pay into a risk equalisation fund
(REF) to help high-risk schemes with older - and in some cases - sicker members.

Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, the minister of health, has already asked President
Thabo Mbeki to consider changes to the Medical Schemes Act to provide for risk
equalisation among schemes, rules to ensure good corporate governance at medical
schemes and to amend provisions concerning the benefits provided by schemes.

"The aim is to equalise the medical aid industry. The government has been trying
for some time to introduce these laws," says Heidi Kruger, the spokesperson for
the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF).

"It compels medical aids to admit anyone without risk rating applicants as is
currently done ... lots of schemes have been able to cherry-pick young members,
leaving some schemes with only older members."

Kruger said the risk equalisation fund would require a review of the
government's requirement for medical aid schemes to have a 25 percent solvency
ratio - the amount they are required by law to have in reserve.

She said the setting up of the fund and its implications for the industry, the
debate over solvency, as well as reported high-managed health-care fees would be
among the subjects debated at the BHF conference later this month.

Patrick Masobe, the registrar of the Council for Medical Schemes, said risk
equalisation was a system in which the risk borne by medical schemes to provide
benefits to their members is equalised.

"The objective of this is to prevent cream-skimming - [the practice whereby
schemes compete on the basis of selecting young and healthy members to join
their schemes, at the expense of sicker and older members]. This means that if a
scheme has many old and chronically ill members, it will receive money from the
yet-to-be-established central risk equalisation fund," he said.

On the other hand, Masobe said, schemes with mostly young and healthy members
will pay into the REF, which in turn will subsidise high-risk schemes. Masobe
said that to achieve solidarity in the medical schemes environment, there had to
be cross-subsidisation from younger and healthier members to sicker and older
members, who have higher health-care needs.

"The purpose of the REF is to stabilise the industry - it frequently happens
that, as schemes' members become sicker and older, their premiums have to be
increased to meet the higher expenses associated with being older and sicker.

"The higher premiums prevent younger and healthier members from joining this
scheme, so they go elsewhere, where they do not have to cross-subsidise older
and sicker people.

"This spiral inevitably leads to these schemes with older and sicker members
becoming unaffordable. When these schemes become unsustainable, they collapse,
and their members, frequently with many pensioners among them, are left out in
the cold.

"Through the introduction of the REF, schemes with younger and healthier members
will subsidise schemes with older and sicker people, and ensure their
sustainability," he said.

Masobe said the REF was important to stabilise the medical schemes environment
and to prevent schemes with many older and sicker members from becoming
insolvent. Last month Masobe said several medical aid schemes had reserves well
below the 25 percent margin required by law.

Graham Langmead, the head of brand marketing for the medical aid Spectramed,
said the REF would have widespread implications for the industry, resulting in
far less marketing and sales effort across the whole industry toward the healthy
(younger) end of the market and the fund would make all South Africans eligible
to join any scheme.

"The running cost of all schemes will be increased to allow for the REF and in
the end it is the member who will be affected by either paying more for the same
or by buying down in cover," Langmead said.

He said since there was no intended additional statutory body to regulate or
administer the REF, the well known bulk price negotiations would continue,
favouring the larger schemes because of their volumes., the well-known bulk
price negotiations would continue, favouring the larger schemes because of their
volumes.

"However, in time this will have the reverse effect in their propping up of the
less effective, less viable and less efficient schemes. It will add to the logic
of the smaller schemes to seek consolidation with the bigger ones in order to
remain viable," he said.

Charity Bengu, the spokeswoman for the national health department, said a draft
bill would be submitted later in the year for cabinet approval.

She said the bill addresses the establishing of a risk equalisation fund,
examines restructuring benefits options and governance issues.

"The bill had been to cabinet for approval to be gazetted for public comment.
Since then, we received stakeholder comments and also consulted verbally with
other stakeholders.

"We are busy redrafting the bill after having considered the comments received,"
she said.

Medical schemes that fail to comply with the regulations will be hit with heavy
penalties and interest for every day in which they have failed to meet their
obligations to the fund.

The department of health has proposed that the REF be located under the auspices
of the Council for Medical Schemes.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Rs10.23b spent on Lodhran uplift since 2008: Report

SECTION: Vol. 31 No. 22

LENGTH: 533  words


Since financial year 2008-9 to-date, a total of Rs10.23 billion has been spent
for completion of at least 1,076 development schemes across Lodhran district.

According to official sources citing budget documents, the PML-N government,
during the fiscal year 2008-9, spent a total of Rs200 million on 41 development
schemes in the district under MPA Package while Rs4 million was spent on 34
schemes under Punjab Development Program (PDP).

In financial year 2009-10, the government approved 89 development schemes for
uplift of the district and Rs800 million were spent for their completion. Among
the schemes, 41 were completed under MPA Package at a cost of Rs125 million, 10
completed under District Package at a cost of Rs150 million while 13 schemes
were completed under the PDP with Rs488 million.

During financial year 2010-11, 49 schemes were carried out under MPA Package
with Rs162 million, 22 schemes were completed under District Package with Rs150
million, seven schemes under South Punjab Development Programme (SPDP) with
Rs440 million while Rs40 million were spent on the completion of 25 schemes
initiated under the PDP. Similarly, at least 103 public welfare projects were
also completed with Rs792 million.

During fiscal year 2011-12, Rs120 million was spent on 26 schemes wrapped up
under MNA-MPA Package, Rs320 million was spent on six schemes completed under
the SPDP while Rs40 million was spent for completion of 35 schemes finalised
under the PDP.

In 2012-13, Rs160 million was spent on 36 schemes completed under MNA-MPA
Packages. Similarly, at least 20 development schemes were wrapped up at a cost
of Rs180 million during financial year 2013-14. A total of Rs50 million was
spent on 15 schemes carried out under MPA Package while Rs130 million was spent
for the completion of five schemes under the SPDP.

In 2014-15, Rs50 million was spent on 21 uplift schemes completed under MPA
package. On the other hand, five schemes under Punjab Chief Minister's Rural
Road Programme was completed at a cost of Rs470 million.

Similarly during 2015-16, Rs125 million was spent for the completion of 243
schemes. In this way, a total of Rs3 billion was spent to wrap up at least 654
schemes from the year 2008 to 2015.

During 2015-2016, at least 249 development schemes were completed at a cost of
Rs96 million. A total of Rs222 million was released for 100 schemes of school
education. Among the schemes, 37 schemes have been completed while work on the
remaining schemes is underway. Similarly, 15 development schemes were completed
under Millennium Development Goals Programme.

During the current financial year 2016-2017, the government has spent more than
Rs299 million for uplift of the education, healthcare, sports and emergency
services. About Rs1.4 billion has also been spent on 25 schemes being carried
out under Highways Lodhran Division. Similarly, Rs400 million was spent for
construction of DHQ Hospital, Rs115 million for uplift of District Police Lines,
Rs81 million for uplift of Trauma Centre Makhdoom Aali, Rs50 million on New
Gymnasium Stadium, Rs170 million on Computerised Land Records Centres and Rs84
million for construction of road from Dokata to Tayyab Awan Hospital.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                January 1, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

How to beat the New Year's financial trials;
Over 400,000 health insurance customers will be among the first to face price
hikes, writes Louise McBride

SECTION: SUNDAY BUSINESS;NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1630 words


RISING rents, double-digit price increases in health insurance, and the closure
of work pension schemes will be some of the biggest financial challenges facing
many people in 2017. Make it your resolution to tackle those challenges this
year. Here's how to.

Get a better health insurance deal More than 400,000 people are due to renew
their private health insurance this month - and double-digit price hikes will be
one of the biggest challenges facing them.

"Some of the health insurers have just imposed their third price increase in the
past 12 months - and these price hikes range from 5pc to 25pc," said Barbara
Sheahan, head of health insurance with www.healthinsurancehelp.ie.

If the cost of your cover is soaring, review your insurance and see if you can
get a better deal by changing your plan and insurer.

"Anybody on the same plan for the last three years is most likely overpaying for
their health insurance," said Sheahan. "Ask the various companies what the best
plan is which they can offer you to suit your budget - including all corporate
plans."

However, don't be tempted to go for a very cheap plan. "Remember, the government
levy on most private health insurance plans is (EURO)403 per adult - so if you
are not paying much more than this, you can expect to have very limited cover,"
said Sheahan. "If it is within your budget, (EURO)1,200 will give you a decent
plan with strong inpatient [treatment which requires an overnight hospital stay]
and outpatient cover [for daytime procedures in hospital]."

Should you be changing your plan or insurer, do not downgrade your cover for
hospital care - unless you are paying for cover for top-of-the-range hospital
care which you're very unlikely to ever need. "If you need to reduce your
premium, take on an excess [the first part of a claim you pay yourself] rather
than downgrading your hospital cover," adds Sheahan.

"A lot of consumers downgrade their hospital cover when trying to save money -
without giving proper thought to the implications when a claim arises."

Face up to the hole in your work pension One of the biggest challenges facing
many of those with work pensions this year will be the ongoing demise of defined
benefit (DB) schemes. With DB schemes, you usually get a percentage of your
salary when you retire. They are different to defined contribution (DC) schemes,
where the pension you get depends on how much money you and your employer (if it
does so) saves into the scheme - and how well that money has been invested.

Many DB schemes are in financial difficulty so a lot of members are only getting
a fraction of the pension they expected - indeed, some have even lost their
entire pension. Many employers have wound up their DB schemes in recent years.
There has been an increasing move towards DC schemes as a result.

So should you be in a DB scheme, make it your resolution to find out exactly how
safe your pension is - and to do what you can to protect it. Make sure you know
whether or not the scheme has any shortfall - and if there are any plans to wind
up the scheme.

"Get an understanding of what the funding position of the DB scheme is," said
Jerry Moriarty, chief executive of the Irish Association of Pension Funds
(IAPF). "Members of DB schemes are obliged to get information every year. Read
that information and if it's not clear, ask the human resources department or
the trustees of the scheme what the situation with the scheme is."

The funding position of your DB scheme will tell you how well funded (or not)
the scheme is.

You will find the exact funding position of your scheme in its latest actuarial
valuation - which should be in the scheme's annual report . Should you be
concerned that your DB scheme is running out of money, it may be prudent to take
action now to protect your pension. Consider taking a transfer value from the
scheme - if you have left service. A transfer value allows you to transfer the
benefits you have built up in the scheme elsewhere - before they can be eroded
any further. Your pension will usually still take a hit if you take a transfer
value and your scheme is running out of money - as your transfer value is
typically reduced to reflect the shortfall in the scheme, according to Moriarty.
So if your DB scheme has a shortfall of 25pc, for example, the pension benefits
you have built up could also be reduced by 25pc.

Some schemes are offering enhanced transfer values - where you get a better
transfer value than a shortfall in a DB scheme would typically allow for - to
members of DB schemes who have already left service. These enhanced transfer
values are being offered to try to encourage such members to leave DB schemes.

"Weigh up if it's in your interest to accept the enhanced transfer value - and
get financial advice before you make any decision," said Moriarty.

You usually cannot get a transfer value if you're still working with the company
that's offering the DB scheme - but you could consider paying additional
voluntary contributions (AVCs) into a separate DC pension scheme. These AVCs
will top up the pension you get from your DB scheme and will be in a separate
pension pot so they won't be affected by any problems in the DB scheme.

Protect your investments from inflation Inflation is expected to tick up in
Britain under Brexit - and in the United States under its president-elect,
Donald Trump. This is one of the biggest challenges facing investors this year.
So one resolution worth making in 2017 is to protect your investments from
inflation.

"Invest in real assets - such as equities and property - as these tend to do
well when inflation rises," said Brian O'Reilly, head of global investment
strategy with Davy. "Avoid nominal assets, such as bonds, as these don't do well
when inflation rises."

Last month, the US central bank, the Federal Reserve, increased US interest
rates for the first time in 2016 - and the second time in a decade.

Should inflation pick up, there are likely to be more interest rate rises in the
US, according to O'Reilly. "Investors don't want to be in bond proxies within
the equity market if interest rates pick up - that is, in companies that tend to
fund themselves through debt, such as telcos or utilities," said O'Reilly. "If
interest rates rise, their refinancing gets more expensive."

Investors in global REITs (real estate investment trusts) could also lose out if
inflation picks up - because REITs tend to raise a lot of debt, according to
O'Reilly.

Investing in the shares of technology companies and US banks could help beat
inflation. "Tech companies tend to be less impacted by inflation as they have no
debt and a lot of cash," said O'Reilly. "Tech companies could also do well if
Donald Trump brings in a corporate tax cash holiday - as you'll probably see a
pick up in mergers and acquisitions."

Tidy up your finances - if you want to buy a home With rents continuing to soar,
it would make financial sense for many tenants to buy their own home - provided
they can secure and commit to a mortgage.

Should you want to get a mortgage this year, one of the best things you can do
is review and tidy up your finances, according to Michael Dowling, chairman of
the Irish Brokers Association mortgage committee.

"A lot of borrowers have the salary to qualify for a particular mortgage - but
they can't get that mortgage when they apply for it because of how they spend
their money and how they manage their current account," said Dowling. "By
adjusting their lifestyle spending and cleaning up their current account
however, they have a better chance of getting the mortgage they'd typically
qualify for - based on their salary."

So to help secure your mortgage, avoid spending more than you earn, stop running
up overdrafts on your current account, make sure you have enough money in your
account to clear monthly bills, and don't engage in financial habits (such as
online gambling or lavish credit card spending) that are likely to see your
lender turn its nose up at you.

PENSIONS and wills are some of the most common things which people put on the
long finger. Make 2017 the year that you either start paying into a pension (if
you're not you're saving enough into one.

Many people are in for a financial shock when they retire because they are not
saving enough into their pension.

The Pensions Authority has a handy pensions calculator on its website
(www.pensionsauthority.ie) that allows you to check if you're saving enough to
give you a reasonable pension in retirement.

Should you find there is a big gap between the pension you're expecting at
retirement and the pension your current savings will deliver, then save more.

Many people assume they're entitled to the full State pension (which will be
(EURO)238.30 for a 66-year-old from this March) when they retire.

However, often this is not the case - particularly if you have spent time
travelling abroad, studying, or out of the workforce.

Contact the Department of Social Protection to check if you have built up enough
social insurance contributions to entitle you to the full State pension. Should
you find there is a chance that you won't qualify for the full pension, you may
be able to make voluntary contributions to the State pension to make up for
that.

Anyone who has already bought their first property should have a will in place,
according to Jim Hegarty, chairman of Hegarty Financial Management. "We would
always suggest that people do their will at the earliest possible opportunity -
but certainly, when they're buying their first property," he said.

"By making a will, you can help avoid a family row [over how your estate is
managed].

"Without a will, all you're doing is leaving a nightmare for someone to manage
after you pass away.

"Your wishes may not be carried out as you would like them to be either."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

35 colleges in state under UGC's CPE scheme

BYLINE: Piyush Bhusari

SECTION: KOLHAPUR

LENGTH: 1282 words


KOLHAPUR: As many as 35 colleges in Maharashtra have either been selected for
the University Grants Commission's (UGC) coveted scheme of Colleges with
Potential for Excellence (CPE).

A report regarding this was published on the UGC website. It stated that the
selected college's tenure for the scheme, which lasts for a period of over five
years, is different for each college depending on its performance.

The scheme for which only 172 colleges were selected nationwide has 35 (20%)
colleges from the state. Of this, the RTM Nagpur University hosts nine colleges,
S P Pune University hosts six, the B A Marathwada University has five and Mumbai
University hosts four.

The Shivaji University, Kolhapur (SUK), North Maharashtra University and the R G
B Amravati University host three colleges in the scheme, while Solapur
University and the SNDT Girls' University hosts one college each. Under the
scheme, colleges get Rs 1.5 crore from the UGC for general academic and
administrative development for over a period of five years.

Under the SUK, the Chhatrapati Shahu Institute of Business Education and
Research (CSIBER) Kolhapur, Yashwantrao Chavan Institute of Science, Satara and
Chhatrapati Shivaji College in Satara were selected. The scheme for most of the
colleges will remain active until 2019, the UGC report stated.

The UGC circular about the CPE scheme said that this scheme will identify
colleges which have attained high standards in teaching, research and extension
activities and hold a promise of excellence. "A college selected under CPE is
provided substantial funds to improve and strengthen infrastructure that will
help it attain higher academic standards," the report stated.

The circular also said that the scheme's objective is to define and manage
processes included in the design, development and delivery of the chosen
academic programmes. Apart from this, the CPE will also aim to strengthen
academic and physical infrastructure to achieve excellence in teaching, research
and outreach programmes that will be at par with global standards.

It also stated that UGC has funded as many as 97 colleges under the scheme
during 2004-05 and 2006-07, which was the first and second phase of the scheme
respectively. For a college to be included in the scheme, the institute has to
ensure it follows all pre-requisites set by UGC. These include norms like the
college should be older than 10 years or more and should have secured a minimum
'B' grade from the National Assessment and Accreditation council (NAAC).

The Institute of Science Mumbai, Dhanwate National College and Ambedkar College
from Nagpur and St Mira's College for Girls, Brihan Maharashtra College of
Commerce, and Fergusson College from Pune are some of the colleges from the
state to be included in the scheme.

M M Ali, CSIBER director told TOI, "The scheme is quite useful for colleges to
improve infrastructure. We are delighted to be a part of the CPE scheme and
strive continuously for the betterment of educational standards."

Kolhapur: As many as 35 colleges in Maharashtra have been either selected for
the University Grants Commission's (UGC) coveted scheme of Colleges with
Potential Excellence (CPE), revealed a UGC report. The report published on UGC
website has stated that the selected college's tenure for the scheme which lasts
for over the period of five years, is different for each college depending on
its performance.

The scheme, for which only 172 colleges have been selected from across the
country, has 20% colleges from state only. In the given 35 colleges, RTM Nagpur
university hosts nine colleges, SP Pune University hosts six colleges, BA
Marathwada University hosts five colleges, while Mumbai University hosts four
colleges.

The Shivaji University, Kolhapur (SUK), North Maharashtra University and the RGB
Amravati University host three colleges each in the scheme, while Solapur
University and SNDT Girls University hosts one college each. Under the scheme
the colleges get Rs 1.5 crore of funds from UGC for its general academic and
administrative development over the period of five years.

Under the SUK, the Chhatrapati Shahu Institute of Business Education and
Research (CSIBER) Kolhapur, Yashwantrao Chavan Institute of Science, Satara and
Chhatrapati Shivaji College Satara have been selected for the scheme. The scheme
for most of the colleges will remain active until 2019, stated the UGC report.

UGC circular about the CPE scheme stated, "This scheme is to identify colleges
which have attained high standards in teaching, research and extension
activities and hold promise of excellence. A college selected under the CPE
scheme is provided substantial funds to improve and strengthen its
infrastructure that would help it in attaining further higher academic
standards."

According to the circular the objectives of the scheme is to define and manage
the processes included in the design, development, and delivery of the chosen
academic programmes. Apart from it to strengthen the academic and physical
infrastructure for achieving excellence in teaching, research and outreach
programmes that would be comparable to global standards.

It stated that UGC has funded as many as 97 colleges under the scheme during
2004-05 and 2006-07, which was the first and second phase of the scheme
respectively.

To be included in the scheme, the institute has to ensure it follows all the
pre-requisites set by UGC, such as the college should be more than 10 years old
or more, and should have secured minimum B grade from the National Assessment
and Accreditation council (NAAC).

From the state, the Institute of Science Mumbai, Dhanwate national College
Nagpur, Ambedkar College Nagpur, St Mira's College for Girls Pune, Brihan
Maharashtra College of Commerce Pune, and Fergusson College Pune along with
others have been included in the scheme.

M M Ali, Director, CSIBER, on the CPE scheme told TOI, "The scheme is quite
useful for the colleges to improve basic to advanced infrastructure. We are
delighted to be a part of the CPE scheme and it will remain an effort to improve
continuously for the betterment of educational standards."

Box

STATE COLELGES IN CPE SCHEME

UniversityNumber of colleges under CPE

RTM Nagpur University9

SP Pune University6

BA Marathwada University5

Mumbai University4

Shivaji University, Kolhapur3

North Maharashtra University3

SGB Amravati University3

Solapur University1

SNDT Women's University1

Total35

Overall colleges under CPE from across the country: 172

Box

About CPE

*The scheme was launched in the year 2004-05

*Under the scheme, a college is funded with a hefty grant of Rs 1.5 crore for
its academic and administrative development

*The scheme is motivated from UGC's earlier scheme for universities, which was
called Universities with Potential Excellence (UPE)

*The scheme tenure lasts for over the period of five years and is different for
each college depending on their performance

*To be included in the scheme, the institute has to ensure it follows all the
pre-requisites set by UGC, such as the college should be more than 10 years old
or more, and should have secured minimum B grade from the National Assessment
and Accreditation council (NAAC)

Box

Colleges under SUK selected for CPE

* Chhatrapati Shahu Institute of Business Education and Research (CSIBER)
Kolhapur

* Yashwantrao Chavan Institute of Science, Satara

* Chhatrapati Shivaji College Satara

Box

The scheme is quite useful for the colleges to improve basic to advanced
infrastructure. We are delighted to be a part of the CPE scheme and it will
remain an effort to improve continuously for the betterment of educational
standards

M M Ali, Director, CSIBER, Kolhapur

EoM/Piyush

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                             August 31, 2014 Sunday

Banks win the KiwiSaver war

BYLINE: BY ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 711 words


THE BIG banks are caning it in the battle for KiwiSavers' hearts, successfully
wooing many away from their non-bank rivals.

Bank of New Zealand was the biggest winner in the switching fight, attracting a
net $176.3 million transfers into its scheme, though that was over a 15-month
period to the end of March compared with the 12-month reports from other
providers.

BNZ was a latecomer to KiwiSaver, but is wasting no time in encouraging its
customers to shift their accounts to the bank's scheme.

ANZ was another winner with a net $1.393b transferred into its main scheme from
other schemes, though that is less impressive than it first sounds as on April
1, 2013, the National Bank scheme was shut. ANZ bought the National Bank in
2003, and the vast bulk of the $1.25b transferred out of the National Bank
scheme went to ANZ.

ANZ also operates the ANZ Default scheme (previously called Onepath KiwiSaver),
and the OneAnswer (previously called SIL KiwiSaver) schemes.

Kiwibank's two schemes - Kiwi Wealth (the old Gareth Morgan scheme) and the
Kiwibank scheme (now no longer being sold) - had a combined net transfer of
$107.6m.

Westpac's net switches were worth $56.3m, while ASB's giant scheme saw evenly
matched inflows and outflows, netting just $10.7m.

Just where the banks are winning business is clear: the non-bank schemes are
leaking members.

Mercer's two schemes saw just under a net $75m of funds transfer to other
schemes, while Fisher Funds Two schemes (it bought Tower's) had total net
outflows of nearly $87m.

AMP appears to have lost more than those four schemes combined, just short of
$200m. AMP was operating two schemes, but closed the AMP Wealth scheme, which
saw a one-off transfer of $1.02b into its main scheme.

Around $20m of funds was transferred in that closure to schemes other than the
AMP one, indicating some KiwiSavers took the opportunity to head to other
providers.

The main AMP scheme saw just over $175m of member funds transfer to others.

David Beattie, chief investment officer of the Grosvenor KiwiSaver scheme, which
saw net positive transfers in, said the banks' staff were selling KiwiSaver to
customers at every possible opportunity.

"The banks have dominated the flows in because they are using their
relationships with their banking customers," he said. "They often have the
opportunity to get in front of them, and are using the 'Do you want fires with
that?' approach. They always mention KiwiSaver."

They can also use bribes, he said.

"Sometimes they will offer a fee discount. If you move everyone [in a family]
across, they will sometimes waive the membership for the kids."

Beattie also suspected some transfers were the result of KiwiSaver "chasing past
performance" by shifting to funds with better recent performance, though this
seems to be a more minor trend.

Much of the money being transferred out of the big schemes comes from the
default funds into which people were put by the IRD because they failed to
choose a fund themselves.

Of the money that was transferred out of the Mercer scheme, nearly $70m of it
was from the conservative fund. Similarly, of the money that was transferred out
of ASB's scheme, over $100m was in the conservative fund.

That raises hopes some people might be shifting to higher-risk, higher-return
funds more suited to a lifetime of saving. However, looking at transfers into
the BNZ scheme, showed a third still ended up in a conservative fund.

While there was a lot of switching between schemes, there seems to be a lot less
in the way of switching funds within schemes.

Mark Brighouse, from Fisher Funds, said it appeared when people had made an
active choice of KiwiSaver scheme and fund, they were adopting a "set and
forget" strategy. Where there was switching, it appeared to be good switching,
he said.

"Switching patterns are encouraging, because the majority of people are moving
into funds with greater growth assets, from the very conservative funds they
were defaulted into."

Schemes like Fisher Funds actively educate members to make informed choices, so
over time more KiwiSavers should end up in funds with risk profiles suited to
their needs.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Winners: The BNZ piggy, ANZ snake and ASB elephants are winning kiwisavers'
hearts.

Picture: Peter Meecham/Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 07, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes' nasty symptoms hurt members;
Medical schemes got a good financial report, but for members, there's no sign of
relief from the pain of contributions increasing at a faster rate than their
income. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 981 words


The Council for Medical Schemes this week highlighted that medical schemes'
vital signs are healthy,|but there are still strong arguments that the industry
needs "medical attention". One particularly nasty symptom for members is that
|contributions are increasing at a much higher rate than most members' income.

The Council for Medical Schemes's latest annual report, which was released this
week, shows that over the past 12 years schemes have each year, on average,
increased their contributions by four percentage points more than the inflation
rate, as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI).

At this rate, members will more rapidly reach the point at which the proportion
of their income that they spend on contributions is unsustainable, Alexander
Forbes says (see "End is nigh for most members' ability to afford health cover",
right).

The Council for Medical Schemes uses CPI plus three percentage points as the
benchmark to determine if annual contribution increases are reasonable.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says his office still
believes that schemes should implement contribution increases above this level
only if they have good reasons for doing so.

The two main reasons for the council approving contribution increases that
exceed this benchmark for individual schemes over the past 12 years are that a
scheme has a dwindling or an ageing membership, Gantsho says.

The annual report shows that the contribution income that medical schemes
collected in 2012 increased by 9.4 percent to R117.5 billion, from R107.4
billion in 2011.

However, claims increased at a higher rate of almost 11 percent over the 2012
financial year, resulting in medical schemes making a much smaller operating
surplus last year than they did in 2011.

Schemes' overall operating surplus deteriorated to R25.7 million, from R1
billion in 2011. However, medical schemes were cushioned by their investment
income and recorded a net surplus of R3.7 billion for the 2012 financial year.

In the annual report, Gantsho recognises the need for the tariffs that
healthcare providers charge for their services to be regulated. However, he
denies that the absence of guideline tariffs, as well as the requirement that
schemes must provide their members with certain prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs), is - as many schemes assert - responsible for the large increase in the
amount that schemes are paying out in claims.

The registrar says that scheme members' growing awareness of the benefits to
which they are entitled|is resulting in an increase in the utilisation of these
benefits.

In the annual report, Gantsho says that, in the 13 years since the Medical
Schemes Act was implemented, no evidence has emerged to support the "myth" that
PMBs are driving up medical scheme costs.

However, he told Personal Finance that evidence may be emerging that some
healthcare providers are overcharging for PMBs, and the Council for Medical
Schemes will analyse and validate any evidence to this effect that is presented
to it.

Actuary Christoff Raath told the recent Board of Healthcare Funders conference
that his company, Health Monitor, has evidence that anaesthetists and surgeons
are charging higher rates for services that are covered by the PMBs than they
are for the same services that are not PMB claims.

Raath said that providers are inflating their tariffs for PMB ser-vices, because
they know that schemes are obliged by law to pay for them in full, and this is
now a very real and significant problem.

Neil Nair, principal officer of Samwumed, the medical scheme for members of the
South African Municipal Workers' Union, told Personal Finance that it is
irresponsible of the registrar to label as "unfounded" the claims that PMBs are
making schemes unsustainable.

He says that small, low-cost schemes such as Samwumed are severely affected by
having to pay PMB claims at whatever rate a provider charges. Samwumed's ratio
of contribution income to claims paid out has increased from 85 percent to 102
percent since 2011, when the registrar threatened to deregister schemes that
paid PMB claims at their scheme rates rather than at the rates charged by
healthcare providers, Nair says.

The increase in Samwumed's claims ratio has resulted in its actuaries
recommending that it raise contributions by CPI plus six percentage points in
2014, he says.

Samwumed fully supports the PMBs but wants the tariffs that can be charged for
these services to be regulated, Nair says.

Medical schemes have been advised to contract with healthcare providers in order
to reduce their PMB costs, but, Nair says, it is easier for large schemes to
save costs by appointing designated service providers (DSPs) than it is for
small schemes, because big schemes have more buying power.

Alex van den Heever, who holds the Chair in Social Security Studies at the
University of the Witwatersrand, says that by appointing DSPs schemes can
contain the cost of PMBs to a far greater extent than they are doing currently.

Although the Competition Commission's inquiry into private healthcare needs to
consider the obstacles to competition in the market, schemes can do more to
reduce costs, he says. The inquiry is due to begin later this year.

Gantsho says that although schemes' solvency ratios (see "Vital signs", above),
net results after investment income, claims-paying ability and membership growth
are positive, schemes are not faring well in other areas, such as keeping
contributions affordable.

Gantsho says that the tariffs charged for healthcare services are a big problem,
which the Competition Commission's inquiry must address by considering the
establishment of a bargaining chamber, recommending proper studies into the
costs of health care, and taking into account the economic climate and what
members can afford.

Policymakers also need to implement some kind of risk-equalisation among schemes
, he says.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            November 21, 2011 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical scheme to be deregistered zz Council takes action over non-payment of
prescribed minimum benefits

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 730 words


The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) was in the process of deregistering a
medical scheme that had deliberately not complied with Regulation 8 of the
Medical Schemes Act, which relates to the payment of prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs), the regulator said last week.

The registrar of medical schemes and chief executive of the CMS, Monwabisi
Gantsho, said some medical schemes had indicated that they would not abide by
the regulator's interpretation of Regulation 8, which says that schemes must pay
for the diagnosis, treatment and care of all prescribed conditions "in full", or
at the price charged by the health-care provider. However, many had since agreed
to comply with the CMS's interpretation.

The North Gauteng High Court ruled earlier this month that treatment for all of
the nearly 300 PMB conditions listed in the Medical Schemes Act must be paid in
full at the price charged by the health-care provider and not "in full" in terms
of scheme rates, as schemes had contended.

After this ruling, Gantsho promised that the regulator would act against schemes
that had been non-compliant and against their administrators.

The CMS said its complaints adjudication unit received 5 617 complaints in the
2010/11 financial year. It said the number of complaints reaching this unit had
been increasing every year.

But Gantsho said that not all complaints relating to PMBs necessarily translated
to the contravention of Regulation 8.

"The member could have voluntarily used a non-designated service provider, which
means that the scheme had acted within its rights by imposing a co-payment or
paying related claims at the scheme rate and not in full. In other instances the
scheme will realise that they made an error and pay the claims in full after a
complaint would have been lodged," he said.

Nevertheless, he said there were schemes that deliberately did not pay full PMB
benefits.

"At this stage there is only one scheme that is deliberately not complying with
Regulation 8; our compliance and investigations unit is attending to the matter
(in terms of) section 27 proceedings to deregister the scheme," he said.

The 2011 CMS annual report showed that an inspection into Sizwe Medical Fund
found that the scheme had not been complying with PMB regulations. Fedhealth had
also not been paying in full for PMB conditions ever since it had obtained a
legal opinion which advised the scheme that "payment in full" meant "payment at
scheme rate" and not at cost.

Gantsho said he did "not think it would be appropriate" to name the scheme that
could be deregistered or those that the regulator had already found guilty of
non-compliance.

Possible punitive measures would include penalties and deregistration of the
medical scheme, all in terms of the relevant sections of the Medical Schemes Act
of 1998.

Fedhealth said it had been paying PMB claims in full since August and it had not
seen much of an impact on reserves as a result, but the scheme said it was
concerned that in future it may see PMB costs escalate.

"Fedhealth has supported the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) decision to seek
a declaratory order on the meaning of the disputed regulation because this, it
believes, is in its members' best interests. The scheme has also sought its own
legal opinion, however, it will not appeal the court ruling on its own stead
but, if anything, under the auspices of the BHF," Fedhealth's acting principal
officer, Peter Jordaan, said.

The BHF, which represents 95 percent of medical schemes in the country, said it
believed the ruling in favour of the CMS might negatively affect medical schemes
that had been under financial pressure due to the "opportunistic and reckless
charging by some health-care providers for PMBs".

"We are concerned that medical scheme members will be negatively affected as
their schemes will continue to be subjected to an open-ended liability and may
have no choice but to raise contribution premiums," the organisation said.

But Clayton Samsodien, the managing director of Genesis Capital's health-care
subsidiary, Genesis Healthcare Consultants, said this was the right decision as
a ruling in favour of the BHF would have been likely to result in a reduction in
benefits for consumers.

"Many consumers already feel that they are paying more each year for fewer
benefits. In fact, medical aid inflation already outstrips consumer price
inflation," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             October 2, 2011 Sunday

Consolidation of schemes is new MF mantra

BYLINE: Ritu Kant Ojha

LENGTH: 1021  words


Consolidation and cost rationalisation are the buzzwords in the mutual fund
industry these days. It was waiting to happen. For, the MF industry has often
been accused of offering a number of exotic and thematic schemes which mostly
ended up confusing the investors and adding to the pile of existing schemes with
similar mandates. This trend is slowly changing.

A new trend in the mutual fund industry is emerging wherein fund houses are
actively merging some of their schemes. The tone was set by the capital market
regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) which recently asked the
fund houses to increase the minimum target amount to Rs 10 crore in the case of
equity schemes and R 20 crore in the case of other schemes. Taking a cue,
several fund houses have started merging schemes with smaller assets under
management (AUM) with the larger schemes. On top of this, tough equity market
conditions are prompting fund houses to take effective cost-cutting measures to
ensure they get rid of schemes which have small amounts to manage and remain a
burden on the AMCs.

The SEBI order

It's a problem of plenty - in the number of schemes. There is a long list of New
Fund Offers launched in the last few years which failed to garner enough
investor interest and ended up collecting meagre amounts.

To curb this practice, the Sebi recently ordered mutual funds to increase the
minimum target amount for equity schemes to R 10 crore and for all other schemes
to R 20 crore. Those fund houses that fail to collect the stipulated amount will
have to refund the amount collected within 6 weeks, failing which they would
have to return money with an interest of 15 per cent to the investors. "For a
long time, fund houses thought that it is the only way to do business... that is
launch new schemes with different names. Anything less than Rs 10 crore does not
make sense even for the fund house. It is a good move for the investors," says
Dhirendra Kumar, CEO, Value Research.

Merger of schemes

The merger mania is catching up. Though the industry was talking about the
merger of schemes way back in 2007-2008, nothing significant happened towards
that direction. The SEBI came out with a circular on October 22, 2010, stating
the 'merger or consolidation shall not be seen as change in fundamental
attributes of the surviving scheme if two conditions are met:

(a) The fundamental attributes of the surviving scheme (which continues to exist
after the merger) do not change (b) mutual funds are able to demonstrate that
the circumstances merit merger or consolidation of schemes and the interest of
the unit holders of surviving scheme is not adversely affected.

The pace of consolidation of schemes picked up this year. Several fund houses
have already merged or have declared date of merger of their schemes. ICICI
Prudential AMC merged ICICI Prudential Fusion Fund, Equity Opportunities Fund,
and Fusion Fund - Series III, into ICICI Prudential Dynamic Plan. "The
strategies of the schemes were similar and there were a lot of common stocks.
Our experience suggested that a fund like Dynamic will perform better  in
volatile times as well as deliver better risk adjusted returns. Hence, we
thought that it will make sense for us to merge the entire Fusion Series with
Dynamic Plan", said Nimesh Shah, MD & CEO, ICICI Prudential AMC.

Similarly, BNP Paribas mutual fund merged 3 of its schemes into the Equity Fund.
"We realised that for the size of our total assets, we had too many schemes. The
need of the hour was to merge niche offerings into simpler offerings," said
Nikhil Johri, MD, BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. Several other fund houses like IDFC
MF, Franklin Templeton MF, Birla Sun Life MF, UTI MF, Kotak AMC and L&T MF have
either merged their schemes or are in the process of merger.

Cost rationalisation

It is not necessarily for the benefit of the investors that the fund houses are
on a merger drive. It makes sound business sense for the asset management
companies to merge smaller schemes into larger ones. "How will you construct a
portfolio with a fund with just few crores as assets under management? A fund
manager cannot create a diversified portfolio with such a small fund," adds
Dhirendra Kumar.

There has been minimal participation by the retail investors in mutual funds in
the last one year. After the entry load ban in August 2009, mutual fund
companies faced a huge distribution challenge as there were a large number of
agents who stopped selling schemes due to lack of incentives. The equity market
volatility is creating a serious issue for the fund managers as more the number
of schemes, more diverted is their focus. "When the environment becomes
challenging, there is a move to cut costs. Merging schemes reduces costs and
makes commercial sense for the asset managers. This is the right time for
rationalisation as it is not feasible for the AMCs to maintain and run too many
schemes," Johri says.

Tax liability

When a scheme is merged, the taxes and loads applicable are -- capital gains,
securities transaction tax (STT) and exit load. If an investor has  invested in
the scheme for less than one year, there is a short-term capital gains tax
liability of 15 per cent for an equity scheme. The rate of STT is 0.25 per cent
of the transaction value but AMCs are paying this tax for requests of redemption
in the 30-day notice, given before the merger of schemes. The exit load is also
not applicable during this period.

Divyansh Awasthi of Morningstar - India, suggests, "It might be beneficial to
investors if the reasoning behind the merger is disclosed.Consolidating similar
schemes is one thing, but merger for the sake of hiding below average
performance is quite another." There are about 160 equity schemes with less than

Rs 100 crore AUM, more than 100 schemes with less than Rs 50 crore as AUM and
about 42 schemes with less than Rs 10 crore as AUM. Given the large number of
schemes that have negligible AUMs, MF industry has to walk a long road before
they have a consolidated offerings for the investors that is easy to understand
and helps reduce confusion.

ritukantojha@expressindia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 11, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medication refused? Here's what you can do

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 648 words


If your medical scheme does not approve the treatment of your cancer as proposed
by your doctor, you do not have to take no for an answer, Campaigning for
Cancer, a cancer patients advocacy organisation, says.

Campaigning for Cancer says that if you want to challenge your scheme's
decision, you should start by gathering as much information about the oncology
benefits offered on the option to which you belong.

It suggests that you look in your scheme's brochures, newsletters, and members'
guides, and your contract with your scheme. You can also ask your scheme to send
you a copy of its rules.

Campaigning for Cancer then suggests that you obtain a copy of the letter that
your scheme sent to your doctor denying you treatment. This letter, the
organisation says, should detail the reasons for the scheme denying you
treatment, the person who took the decision and his or her qualifications, and
the protocol, clinical evidence or scheme rule that allows the scheme to deny
the treatment.

If this information is not in the letter, you should ask your doctor to help you
to write a letter to the scheme's principal officer outlining your complaint,
Campaigning for Cancer says.

You arguably have a legal right to be provided with an explanation of the reason
for the scheme denying you treatment, Campaigning for Cancer says.

The scheme's principal officer must investigate your complaint and take up the
matter with the scheme's administrator. The principal officer should respond to
your complaint in writing.

If you are not satisfied with the response, you can lodge an appeal against the
scheme's decision with the scheme's dispute resolution committee.

All schemes must have a dispute resolution committee. Send a letter to the
principal officer requesting that your complaint be dealt with by this
committee.

The committee should also respond to you in writing.

Go to the council

If you are still not satisfied, you can take your complaint to the Council for
Medical Schemes.

You can contact the Council for Medical Schemes' at 0861 123 267 or complaints@
medicalschemes.com. Complaints can also be faxed to 012 430 7644, or you can
write to: Complaints division, Council for Medical Schemes, Private Bag X34,
Hatfield 0028.

The Council for Medical Schemes will refer your complaint to your scheme before
it considers your complaint, so it will take time before you receive a response
from the council.

If your cancer is a prescribed minimum benefit (PMB), it may also be worth your
while to attempt to determine the treatment to which you are entitled in terms
of the PMB regulations.

The Council for Medical Schemes should be able to help you to establish whether
or not your condition is a PMB. If it is, the council will also be able to help
you to find out the treatment that state facilities provide for that cancer and
therefore the treatment that you are entitled to receive from your scheme.

If the treatment offered by your scheme in line with what is provided by the
state has failed, your doctor will have to motivate for your scheme to pay for
an alternative treatment. Your scheme must then suggest an alternative or accept
your doctor's proposal.

ask your doctor to help

Neil Kirby, a director of Werksmans Attorneys who specialises in medical law and
is also the chairperson of Campaigning for Cancer, says that you need to enlist
the help of your doctor, because often the success of your case depends on how
well the doctor motivates for your treatment and how quickly.

Your scheme is obliged in terms of the regulations under the Medical Schemes Act
to develop treatment protocols based on evidence of the treatment's success
relative to its cost-effectiveness, Kirby says.

If your scheme denies you treatment because evidence for the success of the
treatment is low and the cost is high, you may have to challenge this decision
by producing research that shows otherwise, Kirby says.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

When waiting periods and late-joiner penalties can be imposed on you

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words


The Medical Schemes Act allows medical schemes to impose waiting periods and
late-joiner penalties to protect schemes from anti-selection.

Anti-selection occurs when people wait until they need medical cover before they
join a medical scheme.

If anti-selection were allowed, the cost of medical scheme membership would be
even higher than it is, because people who anti-select would not be contributing
to a scheme while they were healthy. This would undermine cross-subsidisation.

Waiting periods are periods during which benefits are denied or restricted.

Late-joiner penalties are a loading on contributions for people who join a
medical scheme late in life without having been a member of any scheme for a
specified period previously.

Medical schemes can impose:

u A three-month general waiting period on all benefits except, in some cases,
the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs); and/or

u A 12-month condition-specific waiting period, during which you and/or your
dependants are not entitled to claim benefits for a condition for which you
(and/or your dependants) have been diagnosed or for which you (and/or your
dependants) received medical advice, care or treatment within the 12 months
before you applied to join the scheme.

Schemes may not impose the general or the condition-specific waiting periods if
you leave one scheme and join another within 90 days and the switch is due to a
change in employment, or your employer changing or terminating the scheme of its
employees. If you change medical schemes for any other reason within 90 days but
you have not been a member or a beneficiary of one or more schemes for a
continuous period of up to 24 months, the scheme may impose the 12-month
condition-specific waiting period, but this will not apply to the PMBs.

If one scheme has imposed a waiting period and you then move to another before
that waiting period is up, the new scheme can impose the balance of any
unexpired general or condition-specific waiting period applied by the previous
scheme.

If you move to another scheme without a gap in membership of more than 90 days
and you have been a member of one or more schemes for|a continuous period of
more than|24 months, the scheme may impose the three-month general waiting
period, but this will not apply to the PMBs.

The waiting periods are applied to each beneficiary (namely, the member and his
or her dependants) individually.

In terms of the Medical Schemes Act, late-joiner penalties can be applied to
people who join a scheme after the age of 35 and who have not been a member of a
scheme continuously since that age.

The penalty is calculated in terms of a formula that takes into account the
number of years for which you have been a member of a medical scheme since the
age of 35.

If the gap in your membership is between one and four years, the penalty is an
additional 0.05 times your contribution, to be paid with each contribution for
the rest of your membership.

The maximum penalty, for a gap in cover of 25 years or more, is 0.75 times your
contribution.

Many people who work outside South Africa after the age of 35 complain that
schemes apply late-joiner penalties to their contributions when they join a
scheme after they return to this country.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 20, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical scheme losses may mean a |cut in your benefits;
South Africa's open and restricted schemes are struggling to break even on about
two-thirds |of the product options they offer and are relying on
cross-subsidisation, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1151 words


Every one of South Africa's open medical schemes had at least one loss-making
option last year and only 14 restricted schemes made operating surpluses on all
their options, the 2009/10 Council for Medical Schemes's annual report shows.

Stan Eiser, a healthcare business adviser who has worked with healthcare
organisations in the United States and who analysed the data in the report, says
the operating losses are particularly prevalent among the more comprehensive or
top-end medical scheme options, which have very high claims-to-contribution
ratios. He says schemes continue to cut benefits on middle and lower options to
absorb these losses.

Describing the financial results of schemes as "alarming", Eiser says 121 out of
191 open medical scheme options and 102 out of Â£ restricted scheme options
incurred losses last year.

Schemes collected a total R84.8 billion in contributions last year and made
total operating losses of R2.6 billion (about 3.26 percent of the
contributions), according to the Council for Medical Schemes' annual report.
Open schemes' contributions were R54.3 billion and their operating losses were
R1.7 billion, while restricted schemes' contributions were R30.5 billion and
their operating losses were R0.9 billion.

The annual report notes this indicates that schemes had difficulties coping with
increased claims.

Alain Peddle, the head of research and development at Discovery Health, says the
financial performance of all medical schemes has deteriorated over the past few
years and many more schemes are making a loss and, as a result, more options are
making a loss.

While he agrees that top-end options tend to be among the ones most commonly
making the biggest losses, he says lower-cost options often make losses too.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says the Medical Schemes
Act states that every medical scheme option must be self-supporting, and schemes
are expected to devise a plan to stop losses on any loss-making options. This
cannot happen overnight, he says, and loss-making options are monitored
regularly to ensure they become compliant with the Act.

He says these options cannot always just be closed, because higher-claiming
members then move into another option that is not priced at the right level to
pay the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) that schemes must by law provide to
members.

no simple solution

Victor Crouser, the head of health care in the coastal region at Alexander
Forbes, says the trustees of loss-making options cannot simply increase
contributions to cover the losses because then they would appear uncompetitive.

If the scheme has more reserves than the required limit, it can use the reserves
- preferably just investment income from reserves - to remain competitive, he
says.

Crouser says low-cost or entry-level options are also under a lot of pressure.
For example, Sizwe Medical Fund is dropping its entry-level Affordable Network
option from next year.

He says in April this year the option's capitation fee (the capped fee per
member per month for certain healthcare services) was increased and the scheme
carried this for the year, but it expected to make an operating loss on the
option this year.

For the option to have broken even, the scheme would have needed to introduce a
55-percent increase and this would have made the option uncompetitive, he says.

Crouser says service provider networks are also putting pressure on schemes to
increase their fees.

He says the low-income |market is where there should be growth in member
numbers, so the loss of options in this market is |a concern.

CROSS-SUBSIDIES

At the end of 2009, Discovery Health Medical Scheme, the biggest scheme in the
country, had a loss on its low-cost KeyPlus option and its top-end plans, the
Classic Comprehensive and the Executive plans.

Some may argue that top-end options have wealthier members and don't need to be
subsidised by lower-income earners. But Peddle says these top-end options have
the sickest members from all income groups, because they need the richer
benefits these options provide.

He says these options have twice as many people with chronic diseases as other
options, an 80-percent higher hospital admission rate and a cancer rate four
times higher than that of other options.

Very sick members, such as those with cancer, renal failure or diabetes, will
never contribute enough to cover their claims, he says. Besides using the
greater benefits offered on these top options, he says, these members have
higher hospital and PMB claims.

Peddle says the intention of the Medical Schemes Act was to ensure that sicker
members of schemes were not charged more than healthy members. While it seems
most higher options have a similar |problem with deficits, "this cross-subsidy
from plans with healthier profiles is probably in line with the intention of the
Act", he says.

Similarly, Peddle says, low-income plans tend to run deficits because of the
relatively low |contribution levels on these plans. This is also largely in line
with the intention of the Act, which is that the poorest receive a subsidy from
the relatively wealthy.

These cross-subsidies are also in line with some of the proposed amendments to
the Act that have been published by the Council for Medical Schemes over the
past |few years.

Discovery Health is of the view that the most important issue is to ensure the
sustainability of the scheme as a whole, Peddle says, and as a whole Discovery
Health Medical Scheme made an operating |surplus in 2009.

To stem the losses on loss-making options, Discovery has introduced some
measures on its higher options. For example, to try to boost the number of
healthier members in the Classic Comprehensive option, the scheme has introduced
a contribution discount for those who agree to use certain hospitals within a
network.

Peddle says the introduction of the proposed Risk Equalisation Fund (REF) for
medical schemes would dramatically reduce the losses incurred on the Classic
Comprehensive and the Executive plans. The REF would equalise the cost of
providing PMBs to medical scheme members across all schemes.

The proposals in a 2006 Council for Medical Schemes circular that schemes should
price common benefits (including the PMBs) across schemes, instead of pricing
these benefits for each option, would also help stem losses on top options.

Peddle says it may also be necessary to implement waiting periods to prevent
members moving to top options when they need expensive, predictable surgery,
such as a hip replacement, and moving back to a cheaper plan when the procedure
|is over.

Eiser says while cross-subsidisation can explain some of the losses, the
differences in claims ratios on options within schemes are just too wide - some
options ratios are over 100 percent and others are as low as 60 percent, and
option losses are combined with benefit cuts that |will make schemes
unsustainable for consumers.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 5, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: FIRs registered against 13 fake housing schemes

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 05 -- Rawalpindi--The district revenue department has registered
FIRs against thirteen unregistered and fake housing schemes and also banned
business of selling and purchasing land by all the registered and unregistered
societies till completion of the operation.District Officer Revenue (DOR)
Muhammad Arshad Warraich told to media on Monday that they have registered FIRs
under Section 12(5) Punjab Development of Cities Act 1976, against 13 illegal
housing schemes, which are robbing innocent people with both hands. 'We have
banned all kinds of buying and selling of plots by both the registered and
unregistered housing schemes.He said that 'Qabza Mafia' is active who have
launched several illegal-housing schemes in and around Rawalpindi to rob
innocent public.

He said that 'Qabza Mafia' grabs land by using different tactics even by filing
fake cases in the courts.He said that revenue department receives a number of
complaints against 'Qabza Mafia' on daily basis. The 'Qabza Mafia' is also
involved in grabbing the government property through the illegal housing schemes
. The department would examine all the societies and give permission to the
housing scheme that would fulfil all the regal requirements, he added.First
Class Magistrate Chaudhary Toufiq Ahmed has ordered registration of FIRs against
the 13 illegal housing schemes that include Palm City Housing Scheme in Kot
Jabbi, Fazal Town Housing Scheme in Chaklala, Usman Block Housing Scheme in Kot
Jabbi, T&T Housing Scheme in Morgah, Sangar Town Housing Scheme in Gangaal,
Al-Muslim Estate Housing Scheme in Kalyaal, OGDC Town Housing Scheme in Daghal,
City Model Town Housing Scheme in Adiala Road, Sharja Valley Housing Scheme in
Kalyaal, Gulshan Ali Housing Scheme in Adiala, Gulshan-e-Iqbal Housing Scheme in
Moori Gazan (Kalyaal), Hamza Town Housing Scheme in Kalyaal and Lake Residential
Housing Scheme in Dhok Abdullah Misriot.Majority of people are unaware about
legal or illegal process of housing schemes. Many of them purchase plots on
instalments but they never bother about the authentication of the housing
societies consequently they face difficulties in getting possession of plots
they get from illegal societies.Rahat Hussain, an affected person, told to media
that he had purchased a 5 marla plot in a housing scheme some two years ago,
adding that total amount of plot was Rs410,000 from the housing schemes of a
rural area in Rawalpindi. 'I had deposited all the instalment but learnt a
couple of months back that the housing scheme is illegal,' he added.Hundreds of
people have invested here. The revenue department has registered FIR against the
housing scheme while its owner fled away, he said. Muhammad Banaras, another
affected person said that concerned department should take the matter in its
hands to adjust thousands of affected people because public is totally innocent
in the matter. How they could leave their paid money to the owners of illegal
housing schemes, he said. He said if government not took action against 'Qabza
Mafia' and illegal housing schemes they could deprive the people of their lawful
houses. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Many scheme members to pay 11 percent more

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 631 words


The announcement by the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) this week
that it will raise its contributions by an average of 10.8 percent next year
means many scheme members will face increases of about 10 and 11 percent in
2010.

While a number of schemes' increases are higher at between 12 and 15 percent,
the Registrar of Medical Schemes has rejected a proposal by at least one scheme
to increase its contributions by more than 15 percent.

Gems is now the second-biggest scheme in the country, with more than 400 000
members. Gems says its 2010 increase is 0.5 percent lower than its increase for
this year. The scheme announced new benefits and benefit limit increases of at
least 2.5 percent.

Last month, Discovery Health, the country's biggest medical scheme, with more
than 900 000 members, announced an average contribution increase of 9.8 percent
for next year.

The lower increases on these two and other big schemes means at least 46 percent
of members are in schemes with lower-end-of-the-range increases.

Bonitas Medical Fund, the second- biggest open medical scheme, with about 230
000 members, proposed an average increase of 15.9 percent, but this was turned
down by the Registrar of Medical Schemes.

Gerhard van Emmenis, Bonitas's acting principal officer, says the trustees have
resubmitted a proposal for a 14.9-percent increase, and he believes the
registrar will approve this. Van Emmenis says a lower increase would see the
scheme incur losses next year, particularly on the scheme's Boncomprehensive,
Boncap and Primary options.

Medshield Medical Scheme, with about 74 000 members, has proposed a flat
increase of 15 percent on all its options next year. Fedhealth, with about 78
000 members, has motivated for a 15.9-percent increase. Both schemes are still
waiting to hear if the increases will be approved.

Every scheme had to submit its benefit and contribution changes for next year to
the registrar's office by the first of this month.

Most schemes wait as late as possible to determine their increases so that the
trustees get as much information as possible about the scheme's finances in the
current year, enabling them to set contributions for the year ahead accurately.
The registrar's office is then inundated with rule change applications, which
take time to process. As a result, schemes often inform members of benefit and
contribution changes for the year ahead before they have been approved, but they
should tell you that the changes are subject to approval.

The registrar's office has in the past required schemes that want to implement
increases of more than CPI plus three percentage points to justify these
increases.

Paresh Prema, the head of benefits management at the registrar's office, says
this year all medical schemes were expected to submit motivations for all
contribution increases above or below 9.7 percent (CPI to July plus three
percentage points).

Prema says the benefits management team is focusing on the increases schemes
need based on their claims over the past year, non-healthcare expenditure and
solvency levels. He points out that it is the responsibility of schemes' boards
of trustees to manage and control these factors.

Some schemes will need high increases, he says, but if schemes are, for example,
not managing their non-healthcare costs, a high increase will not be approved.

Prema says this year schemes were expected to obtain a professional opinion on
the adequacy of their increases and the assumptions made in determining the
level of increase each option requires.

In addition, Prema says, there has been a focus on schemes that nominate state
facilities as their designated service providers for the prescribed minimum
benefits. He says it is up to the schemes to ensure that services are available
and accessible.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               November 16, 2000

'Scrap quay plan on flood defence'

BYLINE: Peter Whittlesea

SECTION: Agency: AGENCY, Pg.13

LENGTH: 678 words


THE FUTURE of Bideford's controversial GBP 4.3 million flood defence scheme was
in question yesterday after townspeople voted against the proposed plan in a
parish poll.

Opponents of the scheme claimed the vote was "overwhelming proof" that the
proposed rampart quay flood defence scheme should not go ahead.

Local councillor Chris Leather said he would now be urging Bideford Town Council
and Torridge District Council to reject the plan.

"This scheme is dead in the water," he said. "I will now be bringing a notice of
motion to the town and district councils to scrap this scheme which they had
previously both supported.

"The district council will have to accept that Bideford people do not want this
scheme because they believe is would have a damaging effect on the quay which is
the heart of the town."

He said Bideford's flooding problems had been exaggerated and it was better to
wait for the right scheme rather than press ahead with the proposed plan which
was "totally inappropriate".

"If we had desperate flooding problems in Bideford I could understand the
concern, but as it is we know when it's going to happen and it's only the quay
which is flooded by six inches of water.

"If the flood defence scheme is put back by 18 months to two years I am not
worried as long as we get the right scheme in the end."

Tim Langdon, who heads the Torridge Group which campaigned for the parish poll,
said the council was unlikely to reject the scheme at this stage, despite the
result of Tuesday night's parish poll.

"I don't expect Torridge to change its attitude even though the poll showed more
than 80 per cent of people oppose the scheme," he said.

But he thought crucial funding from the Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and
Food would not be granted now the vote had proved the scheme was unpopular with
Bideford residents.

"For the scheme to go ahead it needs to obtain the necessary funding from MAFF,
but I don't think they will support the scheme because it is clear the majority
of Bideford residents don't support it," he said.

Mr Langdon said a Dutch-designed floating wall defence scheme, which rises with
floodwater, was a better alternative for Bideford because it would not ruin the
town quay.

He said that nearly GBP 600,000 had already been spent by the Environment Agency
on developing the proposed flood defence scheme, so it was unlikely support for
the proposed scheme would be withdrawn over night.

However, Deborah Clark, chairman of the South West Regional Flood Defence
Committee, said Bideford urgently needed a flood defence scheme and there was no
other viable alternative to the proposed scheme.

"The opponents of the scheme are taking risks with people's lives, it is fool
hardy in the extreme for the proposed Bideford flood defence scheme not to be
advanced," she said.

"We have considered many different designs and the proposed scheme has been well
considered, well designed, and it is the only scheme we believe can work well
enough to deliver the necessary flood defence for Bideford."

She said the poll was "mischievous and disingenuous" because an alternative
scheme had never been put forward.

"This scheme has been through the democratic propose over the past ten years,
including a thorough public inquiry, various committee stages, and then planning
permission was granted.

"This scheme has not been imposed on a community which doesn't want it," she
said.

Mrs Clark said the Regional Flood Defence Committee would only promote and put
forward the proposed scheme so the poll had been a "meaningless endeavour."

"The Dutch scheme, which is talked about, is not considered to be a viable
option for Bideford," she said.

"And public money will not be spent on a scheme unless we are confident it will
deliver an effective flood defence for Bideford."

She confirmed that the proposed scheme would still be advanced to MAFF for
funding.

"We are not going to walk away form this scheme. The parish poll was not about
flood defences, it was hijacked to pursue a whole lot of other issues."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News


                              146 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     February 16, 2017 Thursday 4:43 PM GMT

A guide to the different type of pensions offered by UK employers;
Many private sector workers have had to move from final salary to less generous
pension schemes

BYLINE: By Chris Kelsey

SECTION: BUSINESS; Version:1

LENGTH: 593 words


Yesterday steel workers employed by Tata voted overwhelmingly to give up their
final salary pension scheme in return for promises on job security and
investment.

It's a choice that many private sector workers have had to make in recent years
as companies seek to rein in the escalating costs of their pensions schemes.

In the public sector final salary schemes have largely been replaced by less
generous career average earning schemes.

And in the private sector too many workers have had to settle for stingier
pension entitlements. On the plus side, more private workers are now enrolled in
occupational pensions.

What happens next to the final salary British Steel Pension Fund?

Occupational pensions fall into two broad categories: defined benefit (DB) and
defined contribution (DC).

DB pensions, as the name suggests, specify that the retired person will get a
certain amount in pension payments when they retire. In many cases this is to
linked to their final salary, as in the British Steel Pension Scheme.

But now it's more likely to be linked to their average earnings over their
career - a lower figure - as with most public sector pensions.

DC schemes specify the amount that will be paid into the scheme, rather than
what you get out of it at the end. More and more employers have shifted over to
this type of scheme in recent years.

So what does 2017 hold for our pensions?

Which type of pension is better depends on where you're sitting. Employers
prefer DC schemes because they are a lot cheaper for them.

Their average contributions to DB schemes are 16.2% of employee earnings. In
career average schemes average employer contributions are 12.9%, and in DC
schemes just 2.5%.

DC schemes have been described as transferring the risk from the employer to the
employee. In DB schemes, because the employer has to make sure that retirees get
a specified amount on retirement, they have to make up any shortfall in the
fund.

Thousands of grandparents missing out on £231 a year - this is who can claim

With DC schemes, on the other hand, the employer's liability is limited to
making a specified contribution and the worker bears the risk if the amount
saved is not enough or the fund underperforms.

But average employee contributions into DC schemes are also around two thirds
less than into DB schemes, meaning many members are likely to see their final
pensions much lower than if they were in DB schemes.

Since 2008, at the height of the financial crisis, the number of private sector
workers paying into DB schemes has shrunk 2.6 million to 1.6 million.

The active membership of DC schemes, on the other hand, has soared from 1
million to 3.9 million.

This is partly due to the fact that membership of occupational pension schemes
has almost doubled since 2013 when the Government introduced automatic
enrolment.

Everything you need to know if you inherit a large sum of money

Many employers have closed their DB schemes to new members or payments and
enrolled their staff into DC schemes instead. One survey of 6,000 employers
showed that only a quarter (1,524) offered DB schemes to their employers.

In Wales, many of the larger employers offer DC rather than DB schemes.

Iceland has not operated a final salary scheme since 2005. Instead it
contributes 1% of salary into a DC scheme administered by NEST, an occupational
pension provider set up by the Government.

Principality offers a group flexible retirement plan with matched contributions
up to 8%.

Airbus offers a mix of final salary and DC schemes.

Admiralty also offers a DC scheme with matched contributions.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            December 13, 2015 Sunday

Need to provide quality education, economic security to girls: Bali Bhagat

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: KATHUA


KATHUA, Dec. 13 -- Minister for Social Welfare, Forest, Ecology and Environment
Bali Bhagat and Minister of State for Health and Social Welfare Asiea Naqash
launched the ambitious Ladli Beti scheme, at Kathua here today .

MLA Bani Jeevan Lal was also present on the occasion.

They also launched the insurance-based scheme - AASRA that aims at providing
security to low-income groups in the event of death or disability.

Highlighting the importance of these schemes, Bali said that both the schemes
envisage extending security cover to the poor beneficiaries and to promote the
girl child in view of the declining sex ratio in 8 districts of the State.

He said that the scheme ensures complete security cover for the girls born on or
after 1st of April, 2015 and Government will ensure depositing Rs 1000 in bank
account of the girl child till she attains 14 years of age and at attaining the
age of 21 years, the accumulated amount approximately Rs. 6.50 lakh will be
disbursed to the beneficiary for the purpose of marriage or undertaking any
venture as per her wish.

Bali said the scheme has been launched to bring positive disposition towards the
birth of girl child in the society. He stressed the need to provide economic
security and quality education to the girls so that they become equal partners
in the growth of the nation .

The minister said that female feticide is an heinous crime and the government is
taking concrete steps to curb this social evil. There are so many reasons for
adverse sex ratio but poverty and illiteracy are two main reasons which should
be taken care of,stressed the Minister .

While speaking on Aasra scheme the minister said that the scheme is a social
assistance scheme aimed at insuring low-income group families having annual
income less than Rs.75000.

He further said that the CDPO will work as a nodal officer for implementing
these schemes and the Anganwadi workers should work diligently for creating
awareness about these programmes among the masses so that beneficiaries can
avail the benefits under these schemes

While highlighting the social assistance scheme SMAS(State Marriage Assistance
Scheme) the Minister said that under this scheme the government has already
identified 375000 girls and the list of beneficiaries are with social welfare
department and the office of Deputy commissioner of every district.

Speaking about 'Hunnar', the minister informed that it is a skill development
scheme for poor girls and this proposed scheme will bring all schemes launched
by different departments under one umbrella which have training and skill
development component. The scheme will be operational in all districts across
the State and Social Welfare Department will be the nodal department for
implementation of the scheme, said the minister.

Minister of state for Health and Social Welfare,Asiea Naqash, while speaking on
the occasion informed that the motive of launching Ladli Beti scheme in Kathua
district is to check the alarming decline in sex ratio and said that this scheme
will help to change social perception about girl child and improve the living
conditions of the girl child . She also said that Ladli Beti scheme will become
a bench mark in providing dignified status to the girl child in the society.

She further informed that Aanganwadi workers have an imperative role to play in
highlighting various social welfare schemes of the government and assured that
the government will take necessary steps to redress their issues.

MLA Bani, Jeevan Lal, thanked the minister for launching these schemes and said
that generating awareness about these schemes is necessary to give maximum
benefit to the beneficiaries .

Speaking on this occasion State Mission Director, ICDS, Hashmat Ali highlighted
the benefits of these schemes and announced that Kathua is the eight district of
the state where Ladli Beti scheme has been launched. He informed that 555 girls
have been registered under Ladli Beti scheme and 1600 registration have been
done under Aasra scheme.

In this launching function certificates of registration under these schemes were
distributed among the beneficiaries and an impressive cultural programme was
organized by the Information Department in collaboration with District Social
welfare Department.

DDC Kathua, Ramesh Kumar, District Programme officer ICDS,Distt. Social welfare
officer, CDPOs, Anganwadi workers,anganwadi helpers and beneficiaries and locals
in large number were present on the occasion.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes worth Rs 164b approved

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government has approved 103 development schemes of various
development sectors during its last six months from July 1 to December 31 with
an estimated cost of Rs 163876.727 million, said Planning and Development
Department (P&D) spokesman on Tuesday.

A report revealed that net size of development budget in Punjab was 240 billion.
The 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D
during its last six months of the current financial year under the chairmanship
of P&D Board Chairman Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

P&D Secretary Arif Anwar Baloch, P&D Board members, sector chiefs, senior
representatives of government departments and other officials participated in
these meetings. The Punjab development forum, during its last six months
meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectoRs

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs 245.882 million for
5 schemes of Energy Sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health Sector,
Rs 5501.858 million for 02 schemes of District Program Sector, Rs 51357.889
million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for scheme of
Consultancy Sector, Rs 4745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education Sector, Rs
210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for 2 schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for 3 schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs 1428.311 million for scheme of Information Technology Sector, Rs
1773.108 million for 2 schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs 13475.929 million for
6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383 million for scheme of Archeology
Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs 14679.572
million for 4 schemes of PPH Sector, Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport
Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs 12.450 million for 2
schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs
671.416 million for 2 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2724.347 million
for scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development
Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes worth Rs 164b approved

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 177

LENGTH: 367  words


The Punjab government has approved 103 development schemes of various
development sectors during its last six months from July 1 to December 31 with
an estimated cost of Rs 163876.727 million, said Planning and Development
Department (P&D) spokesman on Tuesday.

A report revealed that net size of development budget in Punjab was 240 billion.
The 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D
during its last six months of the current financial year under the chairmanship
of P&D Board Chairman Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

P&D Secretary Arif Anwar Baloch, P&D Board members, sector chiefs, senior
representatives of government departments and other officials participated in
these meetings. The Punjab development forum, during its last six months
meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectoRs

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs 245.882 million for
5 schemes of Energy Sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health Sector,
Rs 5501.858 million for 02 schemes of District Program Sector, Rs 51357.889
million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for scheme of
Consultancy Sector, Rs 4745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education Sector, Rs
210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for 2 schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for 3 schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs 1428.311 million for scheme of Information Technology Sector, Rs
1773.108 million for 2 schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs 13475.929 million for
6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383 million for scheme of Archeology
Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs 14679.572
million for 4 schemes of PPH Sector, Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport
Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs 12.450 million for 2
schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs
671.416 million for 2 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2724.347 million
for scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development
Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 development schemes worth Rs 164b approved

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 177

LENGTH: 367  words


The Punjab government has approved 103 development schemes of various
development sectors during its last six months from July 1 to December 31 with
an estimated cost of Rs 163876.727 million, said Planning and Development
Department (P&D) spokesman on Tuesday.

A report revealed that net size of development budget in Punjab was 240 billion.
The 22 meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D
during its last six months of the current financial year under the chairmanship
of P&D Board Chairman Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

P&D Secretary Arif Anwar Baloch, P&D Board members, sector chiefs, senior
representatives of government departments and other officials participated in
these meetings. The Punjab development forum, during its last six months
meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectoRs

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs 53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs 245.882 million for
5 schemes of Energy Sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health Sector,
Rs 5501.858 million for 02 schemes of District Program Sector, Rs 51357.889
million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for scheme of
Consultancy Sector, Rs 4745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education Sector, Rs
210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for 2 schemes of
Planning and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for 3 schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs 1428.311 million for scheme of Information Technology Sector, Rs
1773.108 million for 2 schemes of Youth Affairs Sector, Rs 13475.929 million for
6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383 million for scheme of Archeology
Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs 14679.572
million for 4 schemes of PPH Sector, Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport
Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs 12.450 million for 2
schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs
671.416 million for 2 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2724.347 million
for scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development
Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Be clear-sighted about what your medical scheme can offer;
Philip Ferreira, an independent financial planner with Insight Financial
Planners in Cape Town, spoke recently at the Acsis/Personal Finance Financial
Planning Club about how to get the best value from your medical scheme. |Laura
du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1120 words


If you want to get more bang for the |bucks you pay to your medical scheme, |you
need to know your rights, understand your scheme and be aware of your healthcare
needs, financial planner Philip |Ferreira says.

It is not always easy to understand a scheme's benefits, because the rules can
be quite technical, Ferreira says.

However, if you want to ensure that your claims will be paid, there are certain
things you must know, such as whether you need pre-authorisation for hospital
admissions and other expensive procedures, whether the scheme expects you to use
a particular healthcare provider, and whether you need to consult a general
practitioner (GP) before seeing a specialist.

It is a common misconception that |medical schemes often do not pay members'
claims, Ferreira says. The latest annual report of the Council for Medical
Schemes shows that in 2011 schemes collected R107.4 billion in contributions and
paid out R93.2 billion in claims.

Another misconception is that schemes make a lot of money out of their members.
In fact, a medical scheme is not allowed to make a profit; it must retain any
surplus it makes as reserves or use it to reduce members' contributions in the
following year.

However, entities that provide services to schemes, |such as administrators, are
allowed to make a profit. The trustees of your scheme are responsible for
ensuring that the scheme contracts with these entities to provide services as
cost-effectively as possible, he says.

Before you choose a medical scheme, you need to gather information about how
strong it is financially. Stronger schemes can offer better benefits.

Ferreira says that the Council for Medical Schemes's annual reports can provide
a lot of information about the medical scheme you plan to join. The report for a
specific calendar year is generally released the following September. The annual
report for 2012, for example, is expected to be released next week.

Ferreira says the report can disclose:

u How many members a scheme has.

u The level of a scheme's reserves. |By law, schemes must hold 25 percent of
their contribution income in reserve to cover them in the event of high claims.
If their reserves are below the required level, they need to raise them with
money from your contributions.

u Whether the scheme makes an operating surplus each year, how much it collects
in contributions, and how much it pays out in claims.

Start with your needs

To choose an appropriate medical scheme option, you must first establish your
healthcare needs and, if necessary, those of your family, Ferreira says. You
need to consider day-to-day cover as well as chronic medicine requirements.

He suggests that you look through your claims and medical bills for the past two
or three years to determine what you spend on average each year on doctors,
specialists and medicines.

Also consider your future needs - for example, you may plan to start a family.

Once you know what your healthcare needs are, you must try to match your needs
to a suitable scheme option.

Medical scheme options vary, from hospital plans - which cover you if you are
admitted to hospital but offer limited |day-to-day cover for consultations with
doctors and dentists - to comprehensive cover that includes day-to-day benefits.

The appropriate option will also depend on how you manage your money, Ferreira
says. For example, if you are relatively healthy and have some room in your
budget to absorb unexpected medical costs, you can opt for less comprehensive
cover and pay for day-to-day needs out of your own pocket.

A comprehensive option that allows you to choose your healthcare provider is
likely to be more expensive than an option that obliges you to use particular
providers for essential health care, Ferreira says.

Understand your scheme

Once you have chosen an appropriate scheme and option, you need to understand
how your scheme operates and what it requires of you if you are to get the most
out of your benefits.

Some of the important things you need to know about your scheme's benefits are:

u Prescribed minimum benefits

You have an important right that entitles you to cover for prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs), regardless of which medical scheme option to join, Ferreira
says.

The PMBs are a set of benefits that ensure that all medical scheme members have
access to certain health services. They cover the diagnosis and treatment of any
medical emergency, some 270 medical conditions that, if not treated, would have
a severe impact on the quality of a member's life, and 25 chronic conditions.

Always ask your doctor if your condition is a PMB.

Your scheme can stipulate that you must use a certain healthcare provider if it
is to pay in full for the diagnosis and treatment of a PMB. This is so that it
can |manage its costs, because it can negotiate tariffs with these providers,
known as |designated service providers (DSPs).

You must check if your scheme has named a DSP for a PMB and, if it has, you
should use that DSP whenever possible.

If you do not use your scheme's DSP, you may have to pay a portion of the bill.
This co-payment can be either a percentage of the bill or the difference between
the DSP's tariff and the tariff charged by the provider you chose to use,
Ferreira says.

He says that many scheme members waste money by not obtaining their chronic
medication from a pharmacy that is a DSP. As a result, these members pay for
this medication out of their medical savings accounts, whereas it could have
been paid for by the scheme.

Your scheme may not cover a condition as a PMB if it does not meet the strict
clinical criteria to qualify as a PMB. For example, although high blood pressure
is a PMB, your doctor may choose to treat you for raised blood pressure, which
is below the level at which the condition qualifies to be covered as a PMB,
Ferreira says.

In a medical emergency you can use the nearest healthcare facility for treatment
and your scheme will have to cover the costs, even if it is not a DSP.

u Preferred providers

You should find out if your scheme has preferred providers for healthcare
services not covered by the PMBs, Ferreira says. Preferred providers have
entered into payment arrangements with schemes, and if you use these providers,
it is more likely that your scheme will pay your claims in full, or, if the
claim is paid from your savings account, it may be cheaper, and your benefits
will stretch further.

u Benefits often have limits

Understand your benefit limits, so that you will know where you may face a
shortfall in your cover, Ferreira says.

For example, your medical scheme may have an annual limit of R200 000 on
specialised medicines, and you will have to pay out of your own pocket if your
treatment costs more than this amount.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes not complying with regulations in many PMB claims - council

BYLINE:  LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 848 words


You may not be getting the medical scheme benefits you deserve because schemes
are failing to comply with prescribed minimum benefit (PMB) regulations, a
workshop for medical scheme industry stakeholders heard this week.

The Council for Medical Schemes says its research shows that schemes may be
failing to comply with these regulations in up to nine percent of all claims for
PMBs.

It also alleges that the complaints it is receiving - most of which concern
unpaid accounts - are escalating. The Department of Health's Moremi Nkosi said
the department is also "inundated" with complaints about medical scheme members'
unpaid accounts.

Medical schemes countered that schemes and their administrators are not wilfully
refusing to pay PMB claims but they struggle to identify PMB claims because
these are often incorrectly coded or ill-defined.

They also pointed out that the number of complaints the council receives is low
relative to the volume of claims submitted by the almost eight million medical
scheme members.

Patient rights groups said many complaints do not reach the council because
members are unaware that they can and should complain.

The Council for Medical Schemes said it found that 91 percent of claims for PMBs
are paid from scheme's risk benefits and the remainder are paid from members'
medical savings accounts, despite the fact that Medical Schemes Act regulations
prohibit schemes from paying your PMB claims from your savings account.

Boshoff Steenekamp, the council's strategic projects specialist, says some
schemes may have policies to deliberately frustrate access to PMBs. He cited the
following examples:

u A member with schizophrenia submitted his claims to his scheme timeously, but
the scheme required him to complete a "mental disorder form". It then refused to
pay the claim because the form was submitted after the four-month deadline for
submitting claims.

u A member who suffered a heart attack obtained scheme authorisation for
admission to hospital. The scheme then refused to pay the claim because the
member's condition was not registered with the scheme as a PMB.

u A member needed emergency treatment for a heart attack. During this treatment
drug eluting stents (stents that emit medication to prevent the artery getting
blocked) were inserted into his coronary arteries. The scheme then refused to
pay for the stents, stating that there are no benefits for stents on his option,
and that drug-eluting stents are not cost effective. Steenekamp says the scheme
had no protocol for the use of drug-eluting stents and did not provide evidence
that these stents are not cost effective.

u A member had her baby at her scheme's designated service provider (DSP)
hospital. The scheme refused to pay the anaesthetist who attended to her because
the particular anaesthetist on call on that day was not a preferred provider.
Steenekamp says the refusal to pay in this case was procedurally unfair because
the member had used the DSP and could not know that the anaesthetist was not
part of the DSP.

REGULATIONS NEEDED

Steenekamp says the council is of the view that it needs to regulate schemes'
failure to comply with PMB regulations.

But Jonathan Broomberg, the deputy chief executive of Discovery Health, says
schemes and administrators are not exploiting the PMBs for commercial gain, and
cases where claims have seemingly not been paid are likely to be a result of
problems that schemes and providers have with PMBs.

A big problem, he says, is the accurate identification of PMBs. Broomberg says
often schemes need more information than that provided in the ICD-10 code to
determine whether a healthcare service is a PMB.

He also says schemes have found that there is a poor correlation between codes
submitted by different providers such as hospitals and doctors. They also found
that the actual treatment in many cases does not match the expected treatment
for a condition with a particular code.

Broomberg says some healthcare providers use software that does not support
ICD-10 codes and healthcare employees are not trained to code claims properly
and they make extensive use of common codes.

The PMB regulations include about 270 conditions for which schemes are expected
to pay for treatment that is at least of the same standard as one would get at a
state hospital or clinic.

Broomberg says there is a lack of clear information about the prevailing
practice in state facilities. He says the lack of clarity makes it difficult for
members to know what they are entitled to and for healthcare providers to know
what benefits you are entitled to. This creates difficulties for schemes and
doctors in assessing which treatments are actually PMBs and which are not, he
says.

"The current situation is the worst of all worlds for schemes. They face
unlimited liability for a wide range of PMB treatments, with no control on costs
and no specificity on the actual PMB entitlements. As schemes and members are
one and the same thing, we need to work together to find sustainable solutions
that support the intentions of the PMBs, while remaining affordable for
members."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            October 1, 1993, Friday

A charter to protect every worker's pension

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 1803 words


Professor Roy Goode's long-awaited report on pension law reform was published
yesterday after 15 months of deliberation and nearly 1,700 submissions.

The proposals, if adopted, herald a new era of security for members of
occupational pension schemes, cemented by a new Pensions Act and a Pensions
Regulator with powers to launch spot-checks on schemes and monitor solvency more
closely.

A compensation scheme would be formed to guard against the threat of theft or
fraud. Key findings are summarised below

THE GOODE REPORT ON PENSION LAW REFORM A charter to protect every worker's
pension

Legal frameworkAn Occupational Pension Schemes Act should be enacted to lay out
a properly structured framework of rights and duties, and a Pensions Regulator
should be appointed with responsibility for the regulation of occupational
pension schemes.

Trust law is broadly satisfactory and should continue to provide foundation for
interests, rights and duties arising in relation to pension schemes. But some
principles of trust law require modification in their application to pensions.

Some shift in the permitted distribution of powers is necessary. In particular,
scheme members should be protected against adverse amendment of scheme rules
affecting rights in relation to accrued service. They should have a
non-excludable right to participate in scheme management and decision making
through membership of the board of trustees (except in small schemes).  They
should be given information in understandable form and the ability to obtain
further information on request.

There should be a move towards more general statements of principle in the
primary legislation and a reduction in the amount of detailed prescription.

Government departments have made progress in simplifying official forms and
reducing numbers in use. A similar approach should be taken on statutory and
other rules affecting pension schemes.

It is better to have relatively few rules which are vigorously enforced than a
proliferation of regulations which are regularly broken through want of adequate
monitoring and enforcement.

SurplusSweeping changes in the law governing surplus are not needed but more
restrictions should be imposed on payments to the employer.

Payments to the employer should not be permitted unless authorised by the trust
deed or by an amendment made pursuant to a modification order by the Pensions
Regulator. Even where the trust deed or any amendment to it permits payments to
be made to the employer and there is an adequate margin, the approval of the
regulator should be required. This should be given only in strictly defined
circumstances.

Where the trust deed does not allow for payments to be made to the employer,
there should in addition be a requirement that the employer notify scheme
members to enable them to make representations to the regulator, and should
state the reasons why the regulator should allow payment to be made.

In balance of cost earnings-related schemes, the employer should remain free to
take contribution holidays within the limits of scheme rules. However, there
should be no contribution holiday for either employer or employees if as a
result the funding level would fall below the 100 per cent minimum solvency
level recommended later.

The five years allowed under Inland Revenue rules for the elimination of excess
surplus by contribution holiday should be extended to the average length of
future service of active members subject to a maximum 15 years.

Minimum solvencyrequirementThe introduction of a minimum solvency requirement
for all funded schemes is necessary to secure the pension rights of members.

We envisage a solvency band between the minimum solvency standard of 100 per
cent and a base level of 90 per cent. Any scheme which fell below this base
level would require an immediate injection of funds within three months of
receipt of notification from the actuary of the deficiency (or such longer
period as the regulator might allow) to bring it up to the base level, failing
which the trustees would be required to recover the necessary funds from the
employer.

If, 14 days after the expiry of the required period, the employer has failed to
inject the funds, the trustees should notify scheme members.

If the trustees were unable or unwilling to recover the funds, the regulator
should be empowered to take whatever remedial measures appropriate. If the
regulator decided to wind up the scheme it should be for him or her to decide
whether to invoke the debt on employer provisions immediately or defer.

All schemes subject to the minimum solvency requirements would have to establish
and keep in place a funding plan adhering to not less than 100 per cent. In the
event of any drop below this, but at or above the base, the trustees should
submit a business plan to the regulator providing for restoration of the fund to
100 per cent within three years.

The trustees and scheme actuary should be under a duty to report any shortfall
to the regulator as soon as they become aware of it.

A five-year transition period should be allowed for schemes to achieve the
(minimum solvency) standard. The regulator might be given a power to allow
schemes extra time to reach the standard.

Problems may arise from the relative infrequency of the current full actuarial
valuation. To address this, the trustees should be required to furnish an annual
certificate of solvency by the scheme actuary in addition to the full valuation.
The certificate could be a simple statement that the current level of the
scheme's assets is not less than 100 per cent of its liabilities.

TrusteesThe scheme auditor and actuary should not be allowed to act as trustees
and it should be good practice to exclude the scheme administrator.

Employers should not have the sole power to appoint trustees, and should not be
required to appoint pensioner trustees but should be encouraged to consider
including them on the board.

For earnings-related schemes (excluding small schemes), active members should be
entitled to appoint from among their number at least one-third of the trustees,
with a minimum of two, and the employer should be entitled to appoint the
remainder.

For money purchase schemes (excluding small schemes), active members should be
entitled to appoint from among their number at least two-thirds of the trustees,
with a minimum of two, and the employer should be entitled to appoint the
remainder.

Compensation SchemeA compensation scheme should be established to protect
members against the defaults of those dealing with the pension fund assets.

The scheme should be limited to loss resulting from fraud, theft and other
misappropriation.

Where employees' contributions have not been paid into the pension scheme, but
have been set aside as an identifiable fund and dishonestly applied by the
employer for some purpose of its own, they should be treated as if they were
pension fund assets for the purpose of the compensation scheme.

All funded occupational pension schemes should come within the protection
offered by the compensation scheme. Insured schemes should not be excluded.

Compensation should be paid as a lump sum, the amount to be based on the lower
of lost assets or the amount of the scheme deficit.

An independent Pension Compensation Board should be established which would have
the sole right to decide whether the compensation scheme should be triggered in
any particular case.

Where the pension compensation board considers there is strong evidence of loss
through fraud, theft or misappropriation of assets, the board should have power
to make such interim payments as it saw fit before reaching a final decision
about the level of compensation to be paid. The board should be able to reduce
or withhold compensation payments in any case where it was not satisfied that
the trustees were taking reasonable steps to recoup losses.

On the bankruptcy or winding up of the employer where the scheme is in deficit,
the regulator should be able to apply to the court for orders requiring
information about the scheme from those thought likely to posses it.

There should be no limit on the amount of compensation as such, but compensation
should be limited to the lesser of 90 per cent of the value of the
misappropriated assets and 90 per cent of the amount of the scheme deficit.

The compensation board should have the power to determine how payment to a
scheme should be used, and in particular should be able to require payment is
distributed in a manner different from that provided by the scheme's priority
rule.

Since there is sufficient community of interest between occupational schemes,
the costs of the compensation scheme should be imposed on schemes generally,
rather than on the taxpayer.  The compensation scheme should be funded by a
post-event levy on all schemes, in proportion to the value of the liabilities
which they are required to fund for the purpose of minimum solvency
requirements.

Dispute resolutionAll schemes other than small schemes should establish a formal
internal disputes procedure of a nature approved by the regulator.

There should be sufficient financial support given to the occupational pensions
advisory service to enable it to employ paid conciliation staff.

The Ombudsman should not be replaced by a tribunal. Instead the jurisdiction of
the Ombudsman should be extended to include disputes between employer and
trustees or among trustees.

The Ombudsman should be able to direct that compensation payments should include
a reasonable sum to reflect any distress, delay and inconvenience caused, as
well as actual financial loss.

Pensions regulatorThe Pensions Act will need to be supplemented with other
measures, including codes of practice.

Codes of practice should provide a useful supplement to regulation in such
matters as disclosure of information. There may be a case for a code of practice
issued by the regulator under statutory authority, compliance with which would
prima facie be a defence to a complaint of breach of statutory duty, whilst
infringement of the code would be prima facie evidence of a breach of statutory
duty.

It is important that the regulator be given both the power and the resources to
carry out spot checks and detailed investigations independently of any complaint
... to act as a deterrent to improper conduct.

The regulator's task should be to ensure that security is not put at risk and
that management systems are sound.

The office of regulator should be held on a full-time basis by an individual who
has a detailed understanding of the working of pension schemes. The new
regulator should replace the OPB.

There should be an advisory committee to support the Regulator.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                              154 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Are you picking mutual fund schemes the right way?

SECTION: INVEST

LENGTH: 397 words


Most mutual fund investors employ one of these tricks while picking a scheme: a)
Pick a top-performing scheme with a good record b) Pick a five or four-star
scheme c) Pick a scheme recommended by an expert All these time-tested methods
have served investors very well over the years. Then why do we come across some
investors complaining about their wrong selection of schemes. Listen to this: "I
picked up a scheme which was always on top of the chart in the last six years.

Suddenly, the scheme is not doing well. In fact, another scheme which I thought
was ultra conservative is doing very well. I am totally confused." That was from
an investor who picked up an ELSS or tax planning mutual funds scheme that was
scorching the performance chart in the last few years. To be fair, the scheme
has entered the recommendation list of several mutual fund experts with its
impressive performance over the years. If so, why is the investor complaining?
The scheme is not performing as well as other schemes in the category ever since
the market has started doing badly. Why? Well, the investor has picked a
top-performing scheme in a rising market. If he cared to read the analysis of
the scheme, he would have found that experts have had a warning for future
investors of the scheme: the scheme does exceptionally well when the markets are
doing well. But it may not do that great during depressed markets. Or in other
words, the scheme might be hit hard when the market doesn't do well. Or it may
not be able to manage the downside very well, compared to some conservative
schemes that were lagging it during the good times. That is exactly what has
happened in this case. What is the lesson from the example: some schemes perform
exceptionally well when the market is doing well. Some others contain the slide
better during a market downturn. That is why investors should pay attention to
this detail while picking a scheme. S/he should pick a scheme that matches
his/her risk profile. If you loathe watching your mutual fund losing value or
lagging severely during a bad phase, you should pick a scheme that manages the
downturns better. If you want to avoid this scenario completely, pick a
consistent performer during different market cycles. But remember there is a
trade off here, too. The scheme may not top the chart during a booming period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Are you picking mutual fund schemes the right way?

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 397 words


Most mutual fund investors employ one of these tricks while picking a scheme: a)
Pick a top-performing scheme with a good record b) Pick a five or four-star
scheme c) Pick a scheme recommended by an expert All these time-tested methods
have served investors very well over the years. Then why do we come across some
investors complaining about their wrong selection of schemes. Listen to this: "I
picked up a scheme which was always on top of the chart in the last six years.

Suddenly, the scheme is not doing well. In fact, another scheme which I thought
was ultra conservative is doing very well. I am totally confused." That was from
an investor who picked up an ELSS or tax planning mutual funds scheme that was
scorching the performance chart in the last few years. To be fair, the scheme
has entered the recommendation list of several mutual fund experts with its
impressive performance over the years. If so, why is the investor complaining?
The scheme is not performing as well as other schemes in the category ever since
the market has started doing badly. Why? Well, the investor has picked a
top-performing scheme in a rising market. If he cared to read the analysis of
the scheme, he would have found that experts have had a warning for future
investors of the scheme: the scheme does exceptionally well when the markets are
doing well. But it may not do that great during depressed markets. Or in other
words, the scheme might be hit hard when the market doesn't do well. Or it may
not be able to manage the downside very well, compared to some conservative
schemes that were lagging it during the good times. That is exactly what has
happened in this case. What is the lesson from the example: some schemes perform
exceptionally well when the market is doing well. Some others contain the slide
better during a market downturn. That is why investors should pay attention to
this detail while picking a scheme. S/he should pick a scheme that matches
his/her risk profile. If you loathe watching your mutual fund losing value or
lagging severely during a bad phase, you should pick a scheme that manages the
downturns better. If you want to avoid this scenario completely, pick a
consistent performer during different market cycles. But remember there is a
trade off here, too. The scheme may not top the chart during a booming period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

PUBLIC NOTICES

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 484 words


NOTICE OF MEETINGS OF SCHEME CREDITORS IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE No. 3827 of
2001 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT IN THE MATTER OF INDEPENDENT INSURANCE
COMPANY LIMITED (IN PROVISIONAL LIQUIDATION) (THE "COMPANY") AND IN THE MATTER
OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that by an Order dated 16 March
2015 the Court has directed that meetings of two classes of Scheme Creditors (as
defined in the scheme of arrangement hereinafter mentioned) of the Company be
convened (the "Scheme MeetIngs") for the purpose of considering and, if thought
fit, approving (with or without modifications) a scheme of arrangement proposed
between the Company and the Scheme Creditors pursuant to Part 26 of the
Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") and that the Scheme Meetings will be held
concurrently at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 7 More London Place, London SE1 2RT
commencing at 10 a.m. (London time) on 1 June 2015 at which place and time all
such Scheme Creditors are requested to attend.

Scheme Creditors may vote in person at the Scheme Meetings or they may appoint
another person, whether a Scheme Creditor or not (including the Chairman) as
their proxy to attend and vote in their place.

Scheme Creditors are encouraged to return completed and signed Forms of Voting
and Proxy electronically by email to the Company at iiclscheme@capita.co.uk
without delay or alternatively by post or personal delivery to IICL-SOA, PO BOX
5456, Manchester, M61 0LE marked for the attention of the Scheme Manager. In
either case, Forms of Voting and Proxy must be received by no later than 5 p.m.
on 29 May 2015. In addition, valid and executed Forms of Voting and Proxy will
be accepted by the registration desk up to one hour prior to the time at which
the relevant Scheme Meeting is scheduled to commence or by the Chairman at the
relevant Scheme Meeting.

A short statement explaining the effect of the Scheme, together with Forms of
Voting and Proxy for use at the Scheme Meetings, is being sent to all known
Scheme Creditors of the Company. Copies of the proposed Scheme, explanatory
statement and Forms of Voting and Proxy may be downloaded from the Company's
website, www.independent-insurance.co.uk, and are also available on request by
email to iiclscheme@capita.co.uk or by post addressed to Scheme Manager,
IICL-SOA, PO BOX 5456, Manchester, M61 0LE.

By its Order, the Court has appointed Mark Charles Batten or, in his absence,
Dan Yoram Schwarzmann, both of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 7 More London
Riverside, London SE1 2RT to act as Chairman of the Scheme Meetings and has
directed the Chairman to report the result of the Scheme Meetings to the Court.
In the event that the Scheme Creditors vote in favour of the Scheme, it will be
subject to the subsequent approval of the Court.

For queries in relation to the Scheme or completing your voting form, please
call the IICL helpline on +44 (0)161 274 8837

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 April 2, 2015
                                 First Edition

Legal NOTICE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 484 words


NOTICE OF MEETINGS OF SCHEME CREDITORS IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE No. 3827 of
2001 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT IN THE MATTER OF INDEPENDENT INSURANCE
COMPANY LIMITED (IN PROVISIONAL LIQUIDATION) (THE "COMPANY") AND IN THE MATTER
OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that by an Order dated 16 March
2015 the Court has directed that meetings of two classes of Scheme Creditors (as
defined in the scheme of arrangement hereinafter mentioned) of the Company be
convened (the "Scheme Meetings") for the purpose of considering and, if thought
fit, approving (with or without modifications) a scheme of arrangement proposed
between the Company and the Scheme Creditors pursuant to Part 26 of the
Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") and that the Scheme Meetings will be held
concurrently at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 7 More London Place, London SE1 2RT
commencing at 10 a.m. (London time) on 1 June 2015 at which place and time all
such Scheme Creditors are requested to attend.

Scheme Creditors may vote in person at the Scheme Meetings or they may appoint
another person, whether a Scheme Creditor or not (including the Chairman) as
their proxy to attend and vote in their place.

Scheme Creditors are encouraged to return completed and signed Forms of Voting
and Proxy electronically by email to the Company at iiclscheme@capita.co.uk
without delay or alternatively by post or personal delivery to IICL-SOA, PO BOX
5456, Manchester, M61 0LE marked for the attention of the Scheme Manager. In
either case, Forms of Voting and Proxy must be received by no later than 5 p.m.
on 29 May 2015. In addition, valid and executed Forms of Voting and Proxy will
be accepted by the registration desk up to one hour prior to the time at which
the relevant Scheme Meeting is scheduled to commence or by the Chairman at the
relevant Scheme Meeting.

A short statement explaining the effect of the Scheme, together with Forms of
Voting and Proxy for use at the Scheme Meetings, is being sent to all known
Scheme Creditors of the Company. Copies of the proposed Scheme, explanatory
statement and Forms of Voting and Proxy may be downloaded from the Company's
website, www.independent-insurance.co.uk, and are also available on request by
email to iiclscheme@capita.co.uk or by post addressed to Scheme Manager,
IICL-SOA, PO BOX 5456, Manchester, M61 0LE.

By its Order, the Court has appointed Mark Charles Batten or, in his absence,
Dan Yoram Schwarzmann, both of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 7 More London
Riverside, London SE1 2RT to act as Chairman of the Scheme Meetings and has
directed the Chairman to report the result of the Scheme Meetings to the Court.
In the event that the Scheme Creditors vote in favour of the Scheme, it will be
subject to the subsequent approval of the Court.

For queries in relation to the Scheme or completing your voting form, please
call the IICL helpline on +44 (0)161 274 8837

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab govt 6-month development report : 103 schemes worth Rs 163,876 million
okayed in half year

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 260

LENGTH: 370  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes of various sectors during
its last six months from July to December 31, 2013 of the current fiscal year
2013-14 with an estimated cost of Rs 163,876.727 million.

The net size of development budget in Punjab province is Rs 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by Planning and
Development Board during its last six months of the current financial year under
the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

Secretary P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government Departments and other official concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab development board during its last six
months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D department, an amount of
Rs 53,885.715 million for 38 schemes regarding construction of roads, Rs 245.882
million for 5 schemes of energy sector, Rs 9,026.755 million for 13 schemes of
health sector, Rs 5,501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector.
Rs 51,357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs 4,745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education
Sector, Rs 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA, Rs 507.468 million for two
schemes of Planning and Development Sector. Rs 2,827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs 1,428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs 1,773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector.

Rs 13,475.929 million for 6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383
million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs 14,679.572 million for 04 schemes of PPH Sector,
Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme
of Forestry Sector. Rs 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs
140.20 million for scheme of Public-Private Partnership Sector, Rs 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2,724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab govt 6-month development report : 103 schemes worth Rs 163,876 million
okayed in half year

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 260

LENGTH: 370  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes of various sectors during
its last six months from July to December 31, 2013 of the current fiscal year
2013-14 with an estimated cost of Rs 163,876.727 million.

The net size of development budget in Punjab province is Rs 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by Planning and
Development Board during its last six months of the current financial year under
the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

Secretary P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government Departments and other official concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab development board during its last six
months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D department, an amount of
Rs 53,885.715 million for 38 schemes regarding construction of roads, Rs 245.882
million for 5 schemes of energy sector, Rs 9,026.755 million for 13 schemes of
health sector, Rs 5,501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector.
Rs 51,357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs 4,745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education
Sector, Rs 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA, Rs 507.468 million for two
schemes of Planning and Development Sector. Rs 2,827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs 1,428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs 1,773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector.

Rs 13,475.929 million for 6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383
million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs 14,679.572 million for 04 schemes of PPH Sector,
Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme
of Forestry Sector. Rs 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs
140.20 million for scheme of Public-Private Partnership Sector, Rs 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2,724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab govt 6-month development report : 103 schemes worth Rs 163,876 million
okayed in half year

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 260

LENGTH: 370  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes of various sectors during
its last six months from July to December 31, 2013 of the current fiscal year
2013-14 with an estimated cost of Rs 163,876.727 million.

The net size of development budget in Punjab province is Rs 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by Planning and
Development Board during its last six months of the current financial year under
the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi.

Secretary P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government Departments and other official concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab development board during its last six
months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D department, an amount of
Rs 53,885.715 million for 38 schemes regarding construction of roads, Rs 245.882
million for 5 schemes of energy sector, Rs 9,026.755 million for 13 schemes of
health sector, Rs 5,501.858 million for two schemes of District Program Sector.
Rs 51,357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs 4,745.165 million for 04 schemes of Education
Sector, Rs 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA, Rs 507.468 million for two
schemes of Planning and Development Sector. Rs 2,827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs 1,428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs 1,773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector.

Rs 13,475.929 million for 6 schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs 3.383
million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs 14,679.572 million for 04 schemes of PPH Sector,
Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs 2.000 million for scheme
of Forestry Sector. Rs 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs
140.20 million for scheme of Public-Private Partnership Sector, Rs 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs 2,724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

All our States do have them

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Jan. 6 -- Jammu & Kashmir

? Swaran Jayanti Shahri Rozgar Yojana 510

? Kissan Credit Card Scheme 175

? PM's Employment Generation Programme 133

Himachal Pradesh

? Doodh Ganga Yojana 300

? Atal School Uniform Scheme 64 annually

? Atal School

Uniform Yojna Scheme 64

Punjab

? Milk Production 93

? Mera Pind 50

? Mai Bhago Istri Shakti Scheme 6

? Kishori Shakti Yojana Scheme 4.12

? Kanya Jagriti Jyoti Scheme 4

Kerala

? Unemployment Dole 4.22 monthly for payment of allowance in a month

? Subsidised Rice at 2

? Karunya Benevolent Fund 57

? Free Generic Medicine to all

Haryana

? Apni Betian Apna Dhan (LADLI) 153

? Balika Samridhi Yojna 642

? Indira Gandhi Priyadarshini Viwah Shagun Yojana 32.28 (2011-12)

Rajasthan

? Desert Development Programme 300 (2007-2012)

? Sampoorna Gramin Rozgar Yojana 280 (2011-12)

? Indira Awas Yojana '185 (2007-2012)

Uttar Pradesh

? Laptop/tablets scheme 2,721

? Unemployment Allowance Scheme 1,100

? Loan waiver to farmers 500

? Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana 446 (2012)

Madhya Pradesh

? Mukhyamantri Gram Sadak Yojana 3,294

? Swarn Jayanti Swarozgar Yojana 1,371

? Deendayal Antyodaya Upchar 164

Gujarat

? Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana

? Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana

? Mukhyamantri Amrutam Yojana

Chhattisgarh

? Atal Vihar Yojana

? Credit Guarantee Fund Scheme for Small Industries

? Hostel Scheme for Tribal Students

Bihar

? Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojana 360 (2012-13)

? Mid-Day Meal 241.25 (2012-13)

? Mukhya Mantri Kanya Suraksha Yojana 140 annually 65,000 crore rupees is the
outlay for Andhra Pradesh's Jalayagnam scheme, one of the highest-spending
schemes ever.

Jharkhand

? Antyodaya Scheme Antyodaya Yojana 2,005

? Mukhyamantri Ladli Laxmi Yojana 108

? Bicycle Distribution Scheme 29.70 (2010)

Sikkim

? Co-operative Education Scheme 1

? Chief Minister's Comprehensive Annual And Total Checkup For Healthy Sikkim

West Bengal

? Jal Dharo-Jal Bharo 1,568

? 'Gitanjali', 'Amaar Thikana' and 'Nijo Griha Bhumi Bhumi Prakalpa' 647

? Schemes for Muslims 570

Assam

? Sub-Divisional Development Special Problem 224.55

? Untied Fund Schemes 43.55

? Mukhya Mantri Jiban Jyoti Bima Asoni 30 (2012)

Arunachal Pradesh

? ICDS scheme 52.28 (2009- 2010)

? Supplementary Nutrition Programme - ICDS 4 (2009)

? Arunachal Pradesh State Social Welfare Board .32 (2009-10)

Uttarakhand

? Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana 1,626 (June 2012)

? Atal Khadyann Yojna Scheme

? Mid-Day Meal

? Modular Employable Skills scheme

Karnataka

? Mukhya Mantri Nagarothana Yojane 750 (2011-12)

? The Arogyabandhu Scheme 723

? Suvarna Gramodaya Yojane 400 (2011-12)

? Bhagyalakshmi 358

Mizoram

? New Land Use Policy 410 (2012)

? New Defined Contributory Pension Scheme 272.89

? Rashtriya Krishi Vikash Yojana 148.55

Tripura

? Indira Awas Yojana 185

? Mid-Day Meal Scheme

? MGNREGS

? Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan

Odisha

? BPL Rs 2 Rice Scheme 1,140.57

? Biju Setu Yojana 1,000

? Free uniforms to all

ST/SC Students 700

? Gopabandhu Gramin Yojana 600

Maharashtra

? Accelerated Urban Water Supply Programme 215

? Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar

? Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana

Andhra Pradesh

? Jalayagnam 65,000

? Fee Reimbursement Scheme 5,000 (2012-13)

? Re 1/kg Rice 2,600

? Indira Jala Prabha 1,600

Goa

? Rajiv Aawas Yojana 190.37

? Grih Adhar scheme 150

? Ladli Lakshmi' scheme 150

? Laptop scheme 95

Tamil Nadu

? Free Rice Distribution Scheme 4,500

? 'Re.1-a-kg-rice' scheme 4,000 (2009)

? Free grinders, table fans 2,000 (2012)

? Puratchi Thalaivar MGR Nutritious Meal Programme 1,246

Delhi

? Kerosene-free Scheme 108.66

? Delhi Ladli 103 (10-11)

? Chacha Nehru Sehat Yojana100

? Mid-Day Meal 28.20 (2012-13) Published by HT Syndication with permission from
New Indian Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Start planning now to ensure retirement is all you hope it willbe  ;
PERSONAL FINANCE be

BYLINE: andrew farr money talk

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 788 words


WITH all the doom and gloom at the moment, we'd probably all like to retire to
some sunny shore - but have you made any plans yet?

As many as a quarter of majorsized private sector companies are to close their
final salary pension schemes in the coming few years, a survey by the National
Association of Pension Funds found last week.

The NAPF survey is anonymous but covers most big firms. Companies such as BT and
BA are known to have looked at closure as a way of putting a cap on the huge
shortfalls built up over the past years, and made worse by the current financial
crisis.

Many experts believe that in time almost all private sector final salary schemes
will have been wound-up or closed to new members. Even public sector schemes may
have to switch to a money purchase basis or face potentially crippling
liabilities. Closing schemes open to new members will be more likely because of
the credit crunch, according to the NAPF survey.

Many employees in recent times have experienced the end of these schemes and
will leave many people asking how they will be able to save for their
retirement.

There are plenty of ways you can build a pension and over the next few weeks I
will be discussing some of the options that are open to you. There are now more
ways than ever to save for retirement.

But how much you invest now can make a fundamental difference to how much
freedom you have later. As the closure of final salary schemes has been in the
headlines recently I thought it would be sensible this week to discuss
occupational pension schemes.

Occupational pension schemes are pension arrangements that are set up by
employers to provide income in retirement for their employees. Although the
employer is responsible for sponsoring the scheme, it is usually run by a board
of trustees. The board of trustees is responsible for ensuring payment of
benefits to you when you retire.

There are two different types of occupational pension scheme - defined benefit,
which is commonly know as final salary, and defined contribution, which is
commonly known as money purchase.

Final salary schemes involve the person (known as the member) contributing to
the scheme with the promise of a certain level of pension. The amount of pension
payable from such a scheme is dependent upon various factors, but include how
long the member has been part of the scheme, the salary the member is on before
retirement and the scheme's accrual rate. The accrual rate is the proportion of
salary that is received for each year of service.

So, if the scheme has an accrual rate of 60, the member will receive 1/60ths of
his final pensionable salary for each year of service completed. With the number
of final salary schemes plunging to a record low, they have now become gold dust
for those employees who still have them. You can see why final salary schemes
are very popular for the members but I'm sure they will become far rarer in
years to come.

The other type of occupational scheme is called a money purchase scheme,
sometimes referred to as defined contribution schemes. Employers and employees
contribute to the scheme, where the money is invested, and built up, for each
scheme member - a 'pot of money'. Again, the amount of pension payable from this
scheme is dependent upon various factors, but includes the amount of money paid
into the scheme, and how well the investment funds perform.

When a member of an occupational scheme retires with the 'pot of money' they
have accrued, they will then need to look at annuities or possibly income draw
down. I will discuss these in greater detail over the next few weeks.

So does an employer have to have an occupational scheme in place? Well, if an
employer has five or more employees then a scheme must be available but it
doesn't mean that the employer has to contribute to it. If you find yourself in
this position you should consider taking out a personal pension plan.

The pensions market sometimes seems a daunting place, not least because where
you place your money has a direct impact on the level of retirement you will
enjoy. If you are unsure on which way to go, ensure that you get some proper
independent financial advice first. Whether it's travelling around the world or
spending more time in your garden, retirement is time to do all those things you
have ever dreamt of.

So please make sure you prepare a financial plan and take the necessary steps to
ensure you can turn those dreams into a reality.

Andrew Farr is the managing director of Cardiff-based Oakwood Financial
Planning. The views expressed in this column are personal and do not constitute
advice. Andrew can be contacted at andrew.farr@oakwoodfp.co.uk, or by visiting
www.oakwoodfp.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               November 24, 1997

Make informed decisions on MPF scheme

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 977 words


The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) may concern the human resource professional
in a number of ways, depending on which "hat" the HR practitioner is wearing,
and will affect most people in many ways, says Fidelity Investments Management
(HK), Director, Sheba Brener.

Retirement schemes in Hong Kong have, until recently, been established
voluntarily by employers to provide benefits for their employees. In 1993, the
Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance (ORSO) was set up to regulate these
voluntary schemes.

By the end of last year, there were about 17,000 schemes, covering more than
800,000 employees.

But, Ms Brener points out, the ORSO did not make it compulsory for an employer
to establish the scheme, and thus left more than 2.5 million people without
retirement protection.

The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance was passed in 1995, but details
of the legislation have not been finalised. Once the rules and regulations are
completed, there is expected to be a phase-in period, to allow employers and
service providers time to prepare for the MPF, Ms Brener says.

For the benefit of the HR practitioner, Ms Brener outlined the main points of
the MPF.

Mandatory - Employers must provide a scheme (an MPF scheme). This can either be
part of a master trust or an employer can set up own MPF scheme under trust.

A number of service providers (such as trustees, insurers and fund managers) are
expected to create master trusts that employers can join, and thus employers
will not need to go through the additional cost and expense of establishing
their own schemes.

Coverage - All employees between the ages 18 and 65 years (except hawkers, civil
servants, domestic helpers and short term foreign residents).

Contributors - 5 per cent of relevant income from employer and 5 per cent from
employee. Relevant income includes commissions, bonuses, allowance etc (but
excludes housing allowance).

Contribution limits - Must contribute for relevant income between HK$ 4,000 and
20,000 per month.

Eligibility period - Contributions do not need to start until an employee has
been with the company for 60 days.

Benefits - MPF schemes must be "defined contribution" schemes. This means that
benefits which are paid are the contributions made to the scheme, plus
investment returns.

Preservation and portability - Benefits must be preserved until retirement age
(65 years), and must be transferred from one scheme to another on change of
employment.

ORSO Schemes - These schemes will be exempted from the MPF and special
arrangements will be required for the interface between MPF and ORSO schemes.

An employee is likely to be in one of two situations with regard to employment
-related retirement savings, Ms Brener says.

Employee's retirement status. (In a Hong Kong retirement scheme which is
registered under the ORSO legislation in Hong Kong). The key considerations
would be:

You may choose to stay in this scheme or you may prefer to go into an MPF scheme
- your employer must offer you a choice.

You will need to evaluate the different schemes and decide which is best for you
by considering issues such as type of benefits, whether or not you contribute,
whether you are staying in Hong Kong long or short-term etc.

If you stay in the ORSO scheme you receive your benefits as a lump-sum when you
leave service. If you transfer to the MPF, your ORSO benefits are retained in
the ORSO scheme and paid in a lump-sum when you leave service.

Once you are in an MPF scheme, your mandatory contributions can not be paid to
you until retirement age, permanent departure from Hong Kong, death or
disability.

The other situation will be that the employee will not be in a retirement scheme
at all. In such a situation:

You will have to become a member of an MPF scheme.

You will be obliged to pay 5 per cent of your relevant income each month to the
scheme.

You will only be able to get your benefits on retirement, permanent departure
from Hong Kong, death or disability.

Ms Brener says employers should not underestimate the impact of the MPF.

"As a human resources executive, you will be intricately involved in all aspects
of the introduction of MPF. In addition to providing an MPF scheme, you will be
faced with a major communications exercise to explain to your employees the
details of their future options," Ms Brener says.

"The selection of your MPF scheme will be an important exercise. The recent
trend towards member choice schemes (where the members can choose different
investment funds) is expected to be incorporated in the MPF master trusts on
offer. When you choose your provider, you will need to consider factors such as
investment performance, quality of service, costs and experience."

HR professionals will need to give thought to the following:

Current retirement scheme: All employers should consider the impact of MPF
(mandatory contributions etc) on the existing compensation and benefit
structure; choose the MPF provider; decide on a communications strategy for
telling your employees about the MPF; deliver the communications programme, and,
amend existing human resource and payroll, systems.

If your company provides an ORSO registered scheme, then the HR professionals
needs to decide what to do with the ORSO scheme. For example, close it down,
close it to new members, keep it going (with some MPF changes); arrange for
members to choose between MPF and ORSO, or make amendments to your ORSO scheme
to comply with MPF for new joiners.

If your company provides an ORSO exempted scheme, then decide what to do with it
- in this case you probably have very few members in the scheme in Hong Kong
with most in other countries, so it will be continued, and select an MPF scheme;
offer employees the choice of MPF or ORSO.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sheba Brener says human resource professionals need to consider many
factors before choosing retirement plans.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1997 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              164 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 17, 1987

Week-end Money (Pensions): The trouble with going private / Personal schemes

BYLINE: By DAVID WORSFOLD

LENGTH: 864 words


The main aim of the Government in its reform of the State pensions system is to
reduce what it sees as the enormous burden that the scheme imposes on the State.

Government officials were terrified by the prospect of ever-increasing numbers
of elderly people living longer and being entitled to an earnings related
pension. The State scheme, they argued, could not cope with these burdens. so,
they set about making the State Earnings Related Pensions Scheme (Serps) less
attractive.


At the same time they gave people a new freedom to take out private pensions as
an alternative to both Serps and existing company run occupational pension
schemes.

It is the latter decision that is now causing some concern among the managers of
occupational pensions funds. They fear that many younger people may be tempted
to leave the company scheme and opt for one of the new private pensions, due to
be introduced from April next year.

Young people who stay with a company and in its pension scheme for 20 or 30
years provide most of the money and investment returns to pay the present
pensioners of the company. Without the younger employees some company pension
schemes could find themselves in financial difficulty - or so the fund managers
are saying.

How far are their fears justified?

Up to date figures on the size of occupational pension schemes are hard to come
by. The latest cover 1983. They show that 11.1 million people were in an
occupational pension scheme - that is a scheme run by the employer to which the
employee, the employer, or both, may contribute. This represented about 52 per
cent of the total workforce. Most of these schemes already opt out of the State
scheme.

The Government's intention is to persuade as many of the other 11 million or so
people in the workforce that they, too, ought to opt out of the State earnings
related scheme by arranging a private pension. This means that they would get
the basic State pension as at present but any extra would have to be provided by
their own scheme.

What is worrying the company run occupational scheme managers is that up to two
million people could also opt out of their schemes and into private schemes
instead.

For the individual it is a difficult three-way choice between a company scheme,
Serps or a private pension. There are no hard and fast rules, partly because the
cost structure of the new private pension schemes is not yet clear. The main set
of rules was announced only just before Christmas and the pensions industry's
experts have yet to produce any detailed schemes.

On the whole, however, anyone over 40 is likely to be better off staying put
with an employer's schemes or with Serps. Even the reduced benefits on offer
under Serps are likely to be more attractive at that age than those available
through a private pension scheme.

This may yet prove to be wrong, but in that case the insurance companies - the
main providers of private pensions - would have had to cut the costs of the new
style personal pensions policies to the bone. Which seems unlikely.

Leaving aside the details of the new schemes (these will be dealt with in a
separate article next week), we are likely to see two groups of people attracted
out of existing occupational schemes and into private pensions. Younger
employees would have to be in a very attractive company scheme - possibly one to
which only the employer contributed - for it not to be worthwhile considering
the alternative route of a personal pension.

There will also be the special incentive of an additional rebate of national
insurance contributions into a private pension for the first few years of the
new system to help tip the balance against the occupational schemes.

The second group is made up of people who expect to change jobs frequently. The
new legislation will make it easier to move contributions from one company
pension scheme to another, but a far more attractive route will be to arrange a
private pension to which employers as well as employees will be able to
contribute.

This will be an attractive package to young, mobile employees, especially if
they expect to go self-employed. At present, anyone who changes jobs frequently
and possibly goes self-employed at some time, has to leap through innumerable
administrative hoops, losing money almost every time.

The response of the occupational pensions schemes to the potential loss of two
million younger employees will be interesting. Many are gearing up to extol the
benefits of their own schemes, and while few carrots seem to be on offer -
unless it is already a particularly attractive scheme - the big stick is
definitely out.

Many occupational pension fund managers are threatening to close their company
schemes if too many of the younger employees leave. If this does happen then the
providers of personal pensions will have a field day.

The more schemes the insurance companies sell, the cheaper the cost per policy
is likely to be and the more attractive the private pensions route to the
present member of an occupational scheme. In short, occupational pensions
schemes could be cutting their own throats.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              165 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Corporate governance in private pension schemes administration under the three
tier pension system.

BYLINE: Source: Martin Kofi Aflo | thebftonline | Ghana

LENGTH: 2139  words


November 15, 2016  Source: Martin Kofi Aflo | thebftonline | Ghana


The Codes on Corporate Governance published in 2002 by the Securities and
Exchange Commission of Ghana defines corporate governance as "the manner in
which corporate bodies are managed and operated". The Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development (OECD) on the other hand defines corporate
governance as a "the system by which business corporations are directed and
controlled".

The issue of corporate governance in corporate institutions gained a lot of
momentum after high profile financial scandals such as the Enron's case,
WorldCom, Global Crossing and Tyco rocked the corporate world starting from the
United States of America. Measures to help prevent corporate failure led to the
promulgation of several laws one of which is the Sarbanes- Oxley's Act of 2002
(SOX). The SOX is a legislation to protect shareholders and the general public
from accounting errors and fraudulent practices in enterprises, as well as to
improve the accuracy of corporate disclosures. SOX principally is about
corporate governance and financial disclosures. The SOX also requires the
establishment of board audit sub-committees for publicly listed companies and
the decoupling of board chairmanship from the post of chief executive. It also
laid emphasis on the disclosure of material information of business transactions
and general affairs of the company to the public.

As the case is for Ghana, the Securities and Exchange Commission's Codes on
Corporate Governance has made it a mandatory reporting requirement for the
disclosure of material information on transactions of listed companies. Indeed,
non-disclosure of such material information during initial offerings to the
public can lead to the cancellation of the offer if it were established that the
controllers of the company were aware of the sensitive nature of the information
but failed to disclose it to the public.

The Companies Act, 1963 (Act 179) gave powers to persons who are appointed to
direct and administer the business of the company. Such persons are to take
decisions that are in the best interest of the company. This body of appointed
persons referred to as the directors usually form the governing board of the
company. They are to at least once a year organize a general meeting for all the
shareholders of the company.

The Companies Act also made provision for shareholders or members who subscribe
to the shares of the company, the right to attend a general meeting of the
company, speak and vote on resolution(s). This does not only allow the
shareholders to participate in the decision making process of the company, but
also serve as transparent means that the company willingly provide information
needed by shareholders and other stakeholders to make decisions. The information
is considered transparent when it is simple and to the extent that shareholders
can understand the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
other aspects of the company's business.

Pension products like any financial instrument thrives on trust, transparency,
integrity of the actors and equitable application of rules to the stakeholders
in the industry. Good corporate governance as the case has been in all markets
is the catalyst that fuels the trust and insulates the integrity of the market.
It gives great assurances to the market participants. In pensions, good
corporate governance practices are cues that indicate to the contributors that
persons (trustees) who are entrusted with decision making would seek their best
interest at all times.

Unlike corporations where the board of directors take decisions on behalf of the
company, in pension scheme administration however, it is the board of trustees
that take decisions on behalf of the pension scheme. In fact the board of
trustees is the highest decision making body in pension schemes administration
under the three tiered pension system in Ghana. In view of this, the law that
brought about the three tiered pension system, the national pensions Act, 2008
(Act 766) amended as Act 883 has carefully laid down measures that would bring
about good corporate governance in pension schemes.

The pension schemes' board of trustees is made up of individuals and or
companies who are first of all licensed as trustees by the National Pensions
Regulatory Authority (NPRA). They must be persons of high moral character, who
must not have been barred from managing any company in Ghana, are not
undischarged bankrupts and do not have criminal backgrounds.

Just like any trustees, the board of trustee have fiduciary responsibilities
towards the scheme, contributors, next of kin(s) and or beneficiaries of the
schemes. The trustees are not to make secret profits. They have to prevent
situations of conflict of interest. They are to keep records of assets, account
for profits and make lawful payments from the assets of the scheme. Every
trustee is expected to take active part in the administration of the scheme. A
trustee is said to be in breach of trust if they do anything contrary to the
duties imposed on them by law. The trustees are jointly and severally liable for
any breaches of duty under the trust deed. However, a trustee may not be made
liable for a breach committed before his appointment and after his retirement.
After a trustee has retired from the trusteeship, they may nevertheless be
liable afterwards for breaches committed during term of their office, and their
personal estate may be liable after their death.  If a trustee retires in order
to facilitate a breach, he is equally liable for such breach. However, the law
protects a trustee for acts done in good faith and without being negligent. The
onerous nature of the tasks of a trustees perhaps might be the probable rational
for asking trustees to obtain performance guarantees with respect of their roles
as trustees under the pension law.

The trustee board derives its powers from the trust instrument which is also
known as the trust deed. The trust board is also guided by the trust governing
rules and the investment policy.

The Composition of the Scheme Board of Trustees

The composition of each scheme board of trustees depends largely on the type of
scheme under consideration and for the purposes of this topic, the focus would
be on Master Trust Schemes and Employer Sponsored Schemes. A master trust
schemes is a multiple employer scheme, which is usually owned by a "corporate
trustee", a company licensed solely to undertake a trusteeship business of
pension scheme administration.  The directors of the corporate trustee are not
trustees of the scheme. They are simply directors of the incorporated company
referred to as the Corporate Trustee. To wit, if a director of the corporate
trustee wishes to become a trustee of a master trust scheme, he/she must apply
to the NPRA to be licensed as a trustee of a scheme by fulfilling the
requirements of section 122 of the pension law. After licensing such a director,
he/she becomes a director trustee of the master trust scheme. The trustee is
expected to exercise a level of care, skill, diligence and prudence that is
reasonably expected of a prudent person who is acting in a similar capacity and
who is familiar with the operation of registered schemes. The trustees are to
attend meetings regularly and actively participate in the administration of the
scheme.

The law also provide for the presence of an Independent Trustee as part of the
governing board of trustees of the master trust scheme. An independent trustee
is an individual or corporate body who has no direct or indirect involvement
with the pension scheme, the member employers, or employees other than
performing the trustee duties of the scheme. There may be more than one
independent trustee to a scheme. Indeed, there is no limit to the number that a
scheme may have at a time. The law regards the independent trustee as an
integral part of the governing board such that he/she must be present at all
meetings and where he/she is absent from a meeting, the proceedings of that
meeting must be made available to him/her to read and sign concurring or stating
his /her reservations with the resolutions of the said meeting. Notwithstanding
the reservations of the independent trustee, the board as a whole may stand by
their decision and be ready to provide cogent reasoning for the decision in
contention. The independent trustee is obligated to submit reports to the
regulator on determinable periods.

One other essential component of the scheme governing board is the
Member-Nominated trustees. This class of trustees are the direct representatives
of the members or contributors of the scheme.  They are contributors who are
selected, verted and voted for as trustees by the general membership of the
scheme. They make a minimum of one-third of the scheme governing board. To
obtain validity as trustees, the member-nominated trustees are to obtain prior
approval and licensing from the NPRA just as any other trustees. In the views of
the Regulations L.I. 1990, a member-nominated trustee may be directors of
companies and corporate bodies or employers who are members of the scheme. In
cases where the scheme governing board is made up of both individual trustees
and companies, each trustee company counts as a single trustee for the purpose
of determining the total number of trustees on the board. The expectation of the
Regulation is that the member-nominated trustees' requirement would be met six
months after the registration of the scheme.

In the nutshell, it should be noted that the board of trustees of a master trust
scheme is made up of director trustees, independent trustee(s) and
member-nominated trustees who may appoint one of them as the chairperson to
chair their meetings.

The other type of scheme under consideration is the Employer Sponsored Scheme
(ESS). This is a single employer scheme whose membership is limited to the
employees of the sponsoring employer, its subsidiaries and associated companies.
The ESS may be an occupational pension scheme or a provident fund scheme. The
scheme governing board under the ESS is slightly different from that of a master
trust scheme. The trustees are first of all employees of the sponsoring employer
and great care is always recommended for the selection of various categories of
trustees. The ideal situation would be where the trustees are selected from all
ranks such as the junior staff, senior staff, management and the executives.  It
is believed that such array of persons being appointed and licensed as trustees
would be a fair representation of all the classes of staff at the workplace.
This category of trustees under the ESS form the member-nominated trustees. The
pensions law requires that the process for the selection of member-nominated
trustee in an ESS should involve all the active contributing members of the
scheme. This process provides a fair and equitable mode of selection from
amongst the general membership of the employees who are in this case the members
of the scheme.

With the approval of the employer, a greater number more than the one-third
minimum required by the law may be accepted unto a scheme board. In addition to
this provision, a person who is neither an employee and by that extension not a
member of the scheme, may be accepted as a member-nominated trustee with the
prior approval of the employer.

The member-nominated trustees are to perform their functions as trustee and no
provisions in either the trust deed or the scheme governing rule seeking to
curtail, exclude or prevent them from exercising functions exercisable by other
trustees because they are member-nominated trustees shall not receive the
backing of the law.

The pension law also requires that there should be an independent trustee on the
board of the ESS. Here again, as the case may be, there could be more than one
independent trustee on the board of the scheme.

Powers of the Board of Trustees

All trustees derive their powers from the Trust Deed. The deed is the instrument
that set up the scheme, providing the duties and responsibilities of the
trustees. The deed is registered with the NPRA so as to become efficacious and
have the backing of the national pensions law. Once the deed and Governing Rules
are registered, the trustees may exercise their powers to appoint the pension
fund manager, custodian, auditors and other professionals that they deem fit to
be appointed so that they can better perform their duties as trustees.

Corporate governance in the corporate world generally put final authority as
regards administration and decision making in the hands of the board of
directors. However, that final authority for administration and decision making
in private pension schemes is squarely vested in the Scheme Board of Trustees.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 17, 2016

Employers must give all staff access to a pension

BYLINE: Margaret O'Brien

LENGTH: 820 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tom Dunphy, head of compliance with the the Pensions Authority,
outlines employer obligations


Trustees and the pensions industry are tasked with the important responsibility
of looking after other people's money in a pension scheme or PRSA. The Pensions
Authority's role is to support and ensure those responsible for managing and
providing services to pension schemes and PRSAs operate in compliance with the
requirements of the Pensions Act.

Employee access to a pension

There is no legal obligation on an employer to contribute to a pension scheme.
However, as an employer, if you don't have a pension scheme in place, you must
as a minimum, provide access to a standard PRSA for all your employees. Where
such pension arrangements are in place, employers must deduct and remit pensions
contributions to the scheme or PRSA in the timeframes set out in the Pensions
Act.

Employers may be liable to a fine (the fine for each offence is (EURO)2,000)
from the Pensions Authority or prosecution through the courts if they contravene
the specified provisions of the Pensions Act 1990. The authority's "Trustee and
Employer Checklists - On-The-Spot Fines" is a helpful information guide for
employers and trustees.

Governance and management

Closer monitoring of the quality of pension scheme governance and management is
a priority for the Pensions Authority. One of the fundamental elements of proper
scheme governance and management is proper record management.

In the authority's experience, good record keeping and data management is a
clear indicator of good governance, and schemes with trustees and administrators
who are diligent in this area are generally better managed schemes.

There is a direct relationship between how well a pension scheme is managed and
the ultimate outcome for members.

This management includes everything from scheme design to payment of benefits,
collection of contributions, investment of funds, strategy and planning and
payment of benefits in accordance with the scheme rules.

Information management and data reporting

From a regulatory perspective, scheme information is the most important tool
available to adequately supervise and regulate pension schemes. For that reason,
the Pensions Act 1990 provides the authority with extensive powers to obtain
information from those involved in the management and provision of services to
schemes, and to fine or prosecute those who do not comply.

Every scheme is required to register with the Pensions Authority, filing basic
details about the scheme. This information should be updated as necessary
through the online Pensions Data Register (PDR). In addition, all schemes are
required to submit an Annual Scheme Information (ASI) return, which includes a
wider data set than the basic registration data. This extended data filing
requires nothing more than the information which is contained in the scheme
annual report; therefore, there is no reason for scheme  administrators to be
unable to fulfil this basic statutory duty.

If you are a pension scheme trustee, you should take steps to ensure that your
data filing requirements are up to date. Your registered administrator also has
a responsibility in this area.

It is important to satisfy yourself that those you have appointed to fulfil this
function are up to the job and performing to high professional standards. If you
are a member of a pension scheme, you should take an active interest in your
scheme and ask questions - Is it being well run? Am I getting the annual benefit
statements and other disclosures to which I am entitled?  Who are the trustees
and how can I contact them?

The Pensions Authority's objective is to ensure the receipt of accurate scheme
data in a timely manner. Where necessary, the authority will use its enforcement
powers to achieve our goal of full compliance.

To assist scheme trustees, the authority has issued a series of codes of
governance for trustees of defined contribution schemes.

These provide practical advice in a number of areas, such as the formulation of
overall governance plans, how trustee meetings should be run, how to manage
conflicts of interest, and the processes and procedure trustees should follow to
ensure that contributions are collected and remitted to the scheme, that scheme
assets are invested appropriately and that member benefits are paid.

Although it is not a legislative requirement to adopt these, the authority will
be reviewing levels of adherence to what is, in its view, good practice, and
this will form an integral part of the supervisory effort.

The codes are not intended to prescribe the process for every possible scenario,
but do recommend behaviours, activities and control processes that are most
likely to deliver good member outcomes. We are conscious of the need to support
trustees in fulfilling their duties, and assistance is available from the
authority's information and enquiries service.

An extensive range of guidance publications is available on the website at
pensionsauthority.ie

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Punjab govt approves Rs151527m for uplift projects

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 540

LENGTH: 360  words


The Punjab government approved funds worth Rs151,526.777 million for various
development sectors of the economy during the last six months of current fiscal
year i.e. from July to December, 2012 against the total volume of development
programme of Rs210 billion.

According to half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning & Development
Department on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP)
2012-13 was Rs210 billion out of which a sum of Rs151,526.777 million had been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of the 21 development sectors
of the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings held under the chairmanship of
Javed Aslam, Chairman P&D Board Punjab.

According to details, the provincial development forum had approved funds
amounting to Rs2,645.805 million for four schemes of the agriculture sector,
Rs10,065.694 million for six schemes of education sector, Rs3,035.207 million
for two schemes of literacy sector, Rs19,500.612 million for eleven schemes of
health sector, an amount of Rs92.367 million for one scheme of mines and
minerals sector, Rs620.845 million for four schemes of archaeology sector,
Rs1,513.544 million for one scheme of youth affairs sector, Rs290.500 million
for one scheme of information and culture sector, Rs1,693.183 million for three
schemes of special infrastructure sector, Rs42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads
sector, Rs12,532.077 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs2,896.544
million for two schemes of energy sector, Rs6,524.459 million for eight schemes
of public buildings sector, Rs1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban
development sector, Rs460.529 million for one scheme of district programme,
Rs1,594.986 million for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs42,730.719
million for 14 schemes of transport sector, Rs567.483 million for three schemes
of P&D sector and Rs1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector. Whereas,
for one scheme of DERA sector a sum of Rs2.331 million and one scheme relating
to consultancy sector Rs1.200 million were also approved in the PDWP meetings
which were conducted by the Punjab Planning & Development Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: LDA declares 52 housing schemes illegal

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, May 16 -- The Lahore Development Authority

has declared 52 private housing schemes, situated in the LDA

controlled area illegal and informed the general public,

prospective buyers and the investors that no formal approval

for these schemes was obtained from LDA.

LDA management advised the people to refrain from

purchasing plots in these schemes and verify the legal status

of these schemes from LDA before making any investment or

transaction. LDA shall not be responsible in case of any loss

in this regard.

LDA has also warned the owners or developers of these

illegal housing schemes to stop sale of plots, execution of

development works and other issues relating to the sale of

plots in these schemes, otherwise LDA will take strict legal

action against them.

The 52 illegal schemes include Al-Rahim Gardens, Ashrafi

Town, Bahria Town Phase-II, Barkat Town, Brunai Town, Chirag

Gardens, Dream Gardens, Farid Town, Farid Town, Fateh Villas,

Firdous Colony, Gangwa Town, Grand Avenue Housing Scheme,

Greater Town,Green Cap Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing

Scheme, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme, Jamia

Muhammadabad Society (Only Boundary Wall), Jannat Colony,

Jannat Gardens, Khayaban-e-Iqbal Town, Lahore Park View, Libya

Town, Malik Park, Muqaddas Colony,Sh. Abdullah Town (Only

Boundary Wall), Sh. Saleem Town, Shafiq Khokar Town (Only

Boundary Wall), Vital Homes Housing Scheme, WAPDA Farm House

Town Phase-I &II, WAPDA Finance Farm Houses, WAPDA Finance

Officers Housing Society, Subhan Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar

Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Walk Land, Akhtarabad Housing

Scheme, Johar Villas , Islam Park, Rehman Park, Ali Homes,

Hajveri Town Housing Scheme, Madina Town Housing Scheme, Sher

Shah Colony Housing Scheme, Shalimar Town Housing Scheme,

Mehboob Garden Housing Scheme, Tayyab Town Housing Scheme,

Sheraz Town Housing Scheme, Koh-e- Noor Housing Scheme and Al-

Hijaz Cooperative Housing Society Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan: RDA takes action against 20 'illegal' housing schemes

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 28 -- The Rawalpindi Development Authority (RDA) has taken legal
action against 20 housing schemes, which were functioning illegally in different
parts of Rawalpindi.

Sources told 'media' that while taking legal action against illegal housing
societies, the RDA has filed FIRs against owners of 17 housing societies and
sealed six offices. The boards of ten housing societies have been removed while
their gates were damaged during the action, sources added.

There are a total of 53 housing schemes in Rawalpindi. The housing societies
which faced legal action include: Gulshan-e-Abad, Tarnol Housing Scheme,
Pakistan Employees Scheme, Railway Employees Scheme, Clifton Township, Kehkashan
Town, Eastridge Housing Scheme, Rabia Bungalows, Doctors Town, T&T Housing
Scheme, Pakistan Atomic Energy Scheme and Fazaia Housing Scheme. While
confirming the report, Director Metropolitan and Town Planning Jamshed Aftab
told 'media' that before taking action, the RDA had served notices on the owners
of the concerned societies.

The RDA had also targeted Jinnah Town, Gulberg Town and OGDC Town housing
schemes and sealed their offices. However, the owners of the two schemes Gulberg
Town and OGDC Town have approached the high court against the RDA action.
Besides, Jinnah Town housing scheme also filed a case against the RDA with a
civil court.

Taking action against fake housing societies who had not completed required
formalities like NOC and other documentation, the RDA has also served final
notices to get approved their schemes as well as submit transfer deeds for basic
facilities. Final notices were also served on approved schemes regarding
mortgage deeds as mortgage is not applicable on those schemes developed before
inception of the RDA.

Moreover, the cases of PARC Employees Cooperative Housing Society Limited,
National Police Foundation Cooperative Housing Society, Rail View Housing Scheme
, Lake Vista Residential (Rawal City), Airport Housing Scheme and City Model
Town are under process for approval. These societies have submitted documents
for consideration and approval of their schemes. Gulshan-e-Ali and Gulberg Town
have also submitted application to seek time for completion of documents.

RDA Director Jamshed Aftab told 'The New' that RDA is set to serve notice on
Lake Vista Housing Scheme for carrying slow pace of development work in its
scheme functioning in Dhamial. A good number of people who applied in this
scheme have registered complaints against the Lake Vista Housing Scheme for slow
pace of work despite getting amount against plots, Jamshed Aftab stated.

Tehsil Municipal Corporation had approved Lake Vista Housing Scheme as
previously the area fell under it. Now RDA has taken over the charge and
directed its owner to complete formalities. The concerned authorities of this
housing scheme are in touch with RDA to complete required formalities, he adde
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 03, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

How to ... cover your medical needs;
While your health is good, you may wonder what all the fuss regarding healthcare
cover is all about. Only when you or someone close to you falls ill or is
involved in an accident, do you realise both how valuable your health is and how
much it costs to get it back. In this instalment in our series on how to manage
your money, Laura du Preez looks at healthcare cover offered by medical schemes
and insurance companies.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1019 words


If you and those closest to you have so far been blessed with good health,
consider some sobering numbers on the costs of private healthcare from Discovery
Health's Health Benefit Tracker for July this year.

According to the tracker, for members on schemes Discovery administers, the
average cost of treating premature babies weighing less than 2.5 kilograms at
birth and requiring major operations is between R461 200 and R483 800, but costs
can be as much as R1.6 million.

The average cost of a heart or lung transplant is R520 300 and that of major
heart surgery is R285 700.

In July, Discovery Health Medical Scheme spent R2.1 million treating an older
member for pneumonia and whooping cough and R1.4 million on a 19-year-old who
needed a respiratory procedure.

Ill-health or injury can befall anyone at any time. If you do not have
healthcare cover, you could face very high medical bills that could ruin you
financially. Even if you are prepared to make use of state hospitals, you may,
depending on what you earn, have to pay.

Why you need medical scheme cover

When you look for cover for your healthcare expenses, be aware of the
differences between health insurance and medical scheme cover.

Medical schemes must be registered as schemes under the Medical Schemes Act and
are highly regulated, which generally means greater protection for you. The
rules of each option have to be approved by the Registrar of Medical Schemes and
have to comply with the Act.

Schemes can pay or help pay for your healthcare services, provide services, or
contract providers to provide services.

On the other hand, although insurers offering health insurance are regulated by
the Short and Long Term Insurance Acts, individual policies do not have to be
approved by the regulator of insurers, the Financial Services Board.

Insurance products may pay only you, the policyholder, a stated benefit (a
predetermined amount) on diagnosis of an illness.

Cover for needs

You should cover all your potential healthcare needs by joining a good medical
scheme because schemes can cover you for your actual medical expenses, even when
your bills run into hundreds of thousands or even millions of rands.

Even though schemes may have limits on certain benefits, a good option will
offer unlimited hospitalisation cover and sufficient cover for other costly
care. Insurance products, however, pay out only the amount for which you are
insured, which may be woefully inadequate.

Minimum benefits

Medical schemes are obliged by law to provide you with certain prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs). These PMBs ensure that you have cover for all emergency
healthcare treatment, for 270 conditions that are life-threatening or that, if
not treated, would seriously affect the quality of your life, and for 27 common
chronic conditions.

Admission and premiums

Another important difference between medical schemes and insurance policies is
that open medical schemes have to admit as a member anyone who applies to join,
although restricted schemes can restrict membership to a particular group or to
certain employees.

A medical scheme cannot terminate your membership unless you commit fraud
against the scheme, stop paying your contributions, or fail to disclose
important information about your health when you apply for membership.

In addition, medical schemes have to charge all members the same contribution
rates, regardless of their state of health or age. This means a scheme cannot
risk-rate you. Contribution rates may only vary depending on the number of
dependants you register on the scheme, your income, and if you join a scheme
late in life without prior membership and the scheme applies a late-joiner
penalty.

In comparison, insurers do not have to offer you cover - they can turn you down
if they believe you pose too much of a risk.

Insurance policy premiums are set according to the risk you pose to the insurer.
Insurers assess risk according to age, health and other factors, such as medical
history and smoker status. They may ask you to have a medical examination. The
higher the risk you are to the insurer (in effect, the older or sicker you are),
the more you will pay.

Insurance policies are in force for the term of the policy, with short-term
policies generally renewable on an annual basis. At the end of the term, the
insurer may refuse to renew the cover, and may even withdraw the product from
the market.

If you are older and sicker when you find insurance cover falls away or becomes
unaffordable, you can still join a medical scheme. But if you are over the age
of 35 when joining a scheme without having been a member for a certain period
previously, you could face a late-joiner loading on your contributions.

Increases

Medical schemes generally increase contributions each year in line with the
amount the trustees expect the scheme will need to provide benefits, raise or
maintain the necessary reserve levels, and pay administration and other costs.

Schemes have to obtain approval for contribution increases from the Registrar of
Medical Schemes and must justify any increases of more than three percentage
points above the inflation rate.

Life assurance health policies may have limits on the premium increases for a
particular term or be subject to any increase set by the insurer. Short-term
insurance policy premiums are usually set for the term of the contract only.

Profits and governance

Medical schemes cannot make a profit that can be paid out of the scheme. Your
contributions must be used to pay members' claims, the scheme's administration
costs or to build up reserves within the scheme. Companies that supply services
to schemes, such as administrators, may make profits, depending on the contract
with the scheme.

Schemes are governed by a board of trustees, and at least 50 percent of these
trustees must be elected from among the members.

Insurance policies are usually sold by listed companies which aim to make a
profit for their shareholders. Typically between 60 and 65 percent of income
from premiums is spent on claims, between 12 and 18 percent on administration,
and between 15 and 20 percent on commission.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Medical Aid feature

BYLINE: Amalie Niland

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1169 words


Promotion

Medical Aid feature

Make an informed decision when choosing a medical aid scheme

While the entire nation is reeling from the global credit crunch and general
economic downturn, the healthcare sector is faced with an unfavourable reality.
With higher rate increases than ever before expected in 2009 it is vital that
you shop around when deciding on a medical aid scheme

"IN a country where less than 15 percent of its population belongs to a medical
scheme, concerns are growing that this number is projected to decrease even
further as more people cannot afford increasing medical aid contributions," says
Boysie Phehlukwayo, Head of Scheme Governance at Gen-health.

Phehlukwayo says the reality is that scheme increases are generally higher than
in previous years for 2009.

"It is now more important than ever to accurately reassess your medical scheme
choice for next year and make an informed decision," he says

lIs your current scheme still meeting your needs?

lAre the increases too high for you to be able to pay your share of
contributions?

lAre you still receiving adequate benefits for the price you are paying?

lAre your benefits lasting you through the year, or are you running out of
benefits during the year? lAre you having to pay out of your pocket through
costly co-payments or self payment gaps?

"These are just some of the questions you need to be asking yourself to ensure
that you are making the right choices with regards to your healthcare, and that
of your family," says Phehlukwayo.

"To ensure that you make a fully informed decision, you should shop around and
compare benefits offered by medical schemes against the contribution they are
charging.

"If you are within a company that offers medical aid to staff, then speak to HR
about your needs and how adequately your current scheme is meeting these needs."

Determine the needs of your staff

Each scheme is structured differently and depending on your needs, you should
choose a scheme that best meets those needs.

For example, if you work in an environment that has high respiratory ailments,
then you need to find a scheme that offers good chronic benefits and has an
appropriate managed care programme.

How do you choose an option within a scheme?

If for example, you are on chronic medication, you should choose a higher scheme
plan (as much as you can afford) that offers you good chronic benefits.

Affordability vs needs

Once you have ensured the scheme you have chosen adequately covers your needs,
this should be carefully balanced against affordability.

lDoes your company subsidise your medical aid? lHow much can you afford?

If you over-buy, you pay for benefits you do not use, or if you under-buy, your
benefits will not last you a full year and you will have to pay out of your
pocket once these benefits run out.

It is best to shop around and compare prices from different schemes at this time
of year when schemes announce their annual increases for the next year.

Also, remember to check the benefits that the scheme offers, not only the
contribution increases, to see whether these have been affected for the
following year.

Most schemes allow you to change options at the end of each year for the year
ahead.

If you are a low-income earner with affordability as your primary objective,
look for schemes that offer income based contributions on their lower end plans.
For example, Gen-health's Primary Cover Plan is great value for money - and the
less you earn, the less you pay.

This assists in stretching your money further in the current economic meltdown.

Choosing from a range of different option types

Most people want freedom of choice, so it is important that the medical scheme
you have chosen offers good variety so that you can choose your cover according
to your needs.

Some people prefer to work with a traditional scheme that works on a
fee-for-service model i.e. a provider bills the medical scheme for the service
they have provided.

The member is given generous limits in each benefit category and can use each of
these benefits up to the limit specified in the benefit guide.

Other people prefer to manage their own money and pay for their medical
treatment out of a savings account.

However, ensure that the scheme you choose offers other benefits in addition to
the savings because these savings can be depleted quickly in the year,
particularly if something unexpected happens, and can leave you without
benefits, burdening your wallet.

Also be aware of self payment gaps when you have reached your savings threshold
that can leave you heavily out of pocket.

Lower cost medical plans are offered through network products in which schemes
contract with a certain group of providers and the risk is shared between the
two parties such as Gen-health's Primary Cover Plan.

A member chooses a doctor in their area from the list of doctors within the
network and the doctor manages the member's health for the year.

However, members can change their doctor twice a year by giving the Scheme one
month's written notice.

Check that your chosen scheme will try to contract in your own doctor on to the
network if he/she is not on the current list.

Are the schemes delivering good service?

One of the biggest contributing factors to members changing schemes is due to
poor service.

Make sure that the scheme you have chosen is addressing your service needs
appropriately.

There are independent surveys that are done in the medical aid industry that
measure issues such as service.

It would be worthwhile to critically view the results of these to see where your
current scheme is benchmarked in the industry.

Good service is largely indicated by how quickly a scheme pays claims to either
the member or their provider. Ensure that your scheme has quick turnaround times
when it comes to claims payment.

Financial stability of the scheme

One of the most crucial factors when choosing a medical aid scheme is to ensure
that it is financially sound.

Each scheme is rated according to its ability to pay claims by independent body,
Global Credit Rating, giving a strong indication of the fund's financial
stability.

By holding a strong credit rating, you are ensured that your medical scheme is
in a good position to cover all your claims and will not leave you stranded.

"In the volatile medical aid industry, a strong and solid history is also a good
indicator of a good fund.

Funds such as Gen-health, which has more than 20 years' experience, generally
have a good understanding of members' healthcare needs.

Ensure that your scheme has a solid reputation and the necessary experience to
prove it is reliable and trustworthy," adds Phehlukwayo.

"For two years running, Gen-heath has received a solid 'A' rating from Global
Credit Rating, which means that the Scheme is financially sound and stable.

"This confirms its good standing and ability to pay members' current and future
claims." - Gen-health Medical Scheme, issued by Cathy Findley Public Relations

Boysie Phehlukwayo, Head of Scheme Governance at Gen-health.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               November 13, 2007
                                Surveys Edition

Crucial factors to check when choosing a scheme

BYLINE: Sol Jasven

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 718  words


Crucial factors to check when choosing a scheme

Much to consider as bigger is not automatically better, writes Judy Gilmour

FOR many years, conventional wisdom had it that the bigger the scheme, the
better off members were because the scheme could negotiate lower fees and
tariffs, says Graham Anderson, principal officer of Profmed.

"However, a closer look at medical scheme costs shows this is not true. An
experienced principal officer who understands the pricing structure of the
health-care industry might be better positioned to negotiate more favourable
terms than a less experienced principal officer representing more members.

"When asked for evidence of 'bigger equals better' in terms of richer benefits
or lower premiums available to members, researchers and commentators have been
unable to come up with meaningful examples and with respect to administration
fees, the reverse is often true.

"Over the past two years the Council for Medical Schemes has drawn attention to
the high administration fees of some of the larger schemes."

Anderson says in evaluating a scheme the financial stability of the scheme
should be assessed.

Members should also consider several other factors:

n Is there an operational surplus or deficit?

n Does the scheme have a relatively stable membership base?

nHas its paying ability been verified by an external rating agency?

nCan it meet its liabilities? and

nDoes the scheme meet legal solvency requirements?

Anderson says the latest Council for Medical Schemes Annual Report shows 64% of
schemes, open and closed, reported an operating loss for 2006.

"The claims and nonhealth-care expenses exceeded premiums. After the inclusion
of investment returns, 34% had a deficit."

Scheme manager Beverley Carrozzo says an important indicator to look out for is
a scheme's history of premium increases.

"The issue of premium increases is closely related to operational solvency.
Schemes are at risk of not meeting claims if premium increases are unrealistic."

Carrozzo says many schemes have underpriced their benefits to gain market share.

"In some cases this strategy backfired as the expected growth in members was
insufficient to match the cost of claims."

Anderson says Council for Medical Schemes' statistics indicate that last year
the average gross contribution increase was 6,5%. Open schemes had an average
increase of 8,1% while restricted schemes came in at 6%.

"At the time, the Registrar, Patrick Masobe, proposed that medical scheme
trustees should try to keep premium increases to a maximum of CPIX (inflation
less mortgage bond costs) plus 3%. Many schemes felt the only way they could
stay in this range was to cut benefits, while others took a protect-benefits
stance.

"Profmed took the view that a medical scheme should be there when you need it
most. We were not prepared to save on premiums and then ask members for
co-payments on big-ticket items such as hospitalisation."

Anderson says one of the biggest problems with the Medical Schemes Act is the
lack of incentives for younger people to join. "In other countries young people
are eligible for tax incentives when they become members of schemes..

"In SA, a community rating principle is applied to applications - all others
being equal, schemes may not charge different fees for the sick and the healthy,
the old and the young.

"Medical schemes have the right to apply waiting periods and late joiner fees
for applicants over the age of 35. There is no legislation encouraging
membership by the younger market. So the resulting age profile of members and
beneficiaries has a gap between 19 and 30 and a distinct hump on either side.

"Medical scheme trustees have therefore had to be creative in finding ways of
encouraging younger members to join.

"Profmed, for example, has introduced generous maternity benefits and waived
waiting periods and exclusions on pregnant women wanting to join the scheme. It
means that the birth process for both the mother and the baby will be covered,
with no underwriting applied. Other benefits include cover for trauma support
services, counselling and antiretroviral treatment in the event of a sexual
assault."

Anderson says prospective medical scheme members should take note of the
scheme's initiatives to attract younger members, as this will contribute to the
sustainability of the fund.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                              May 26, 2002, Sunday

Final salary schemes: employees fight back More and more angry pension scheme
members are calling in the lawyers, says Pamela Atherton

BYLINE: BY Pamela Atherton

SECTION: Pg. 03

LENGTH: 961 words

Large employers who, in the past couple of years, have queued in increasing
numbers to announce the closure of their final salary pension schemes have until
recently been allowed to push their plans through without any real opposition.

But there are now signs that employees are beginning to fight back by mounting
legal challenges.

Members of the Ernst & Young final salary pension scheme, which had been due to
close on March 31, have already forced the trustees to rethink plans to scrap
the scheme after instructing City law firms Pinsent Curtis Biddle and Fox
Williams to act on their behalf.

Staff at Iceland (now called the Big Food Group) have managed to force trustees
to make substantial improvements to their new money-purchase scheme after the
closure of the final-salary scheme.

Ernst & Young is reviewing the scheme closure proposals in the light of
objections from existing members on the grounds of both employment and pension
law.

The accountancy firm announced in January that it intended to terminate its
pounds 410m final salary scheme for existing members. This followed a similar
announcement by Iceland. Whereas the vast majority of the recent final salary
scheme closures have affected new employees, those planned for Ernst & Young and
Iceland applied to all staff.

The Ernst & Young members' rearguard action was prompted by an e-mail circulated
by an employee to to fellow staff, asking them to contribute pounds 100 to a
fighting fund. The e-mail is said to have attracted considerable support and Fox
Williams and Pinsent Curtis Biddle were subsequently instructed to seek a review
of the closure proposals.

News that the accountancy firm had agreed to rethink its initial proposals,
reported in The Sunday Telegraph Money section last week, had triggered interest
from members of several other company pension schemes, according to Jane Mann of
Fox Williams, one of the solicitors acting on behalf of the Ernst & Young action
group.

An industry observer, who did not wish to be named, advised pension scheme
members in a similar position to set up "discreet, non-traceable action groups"
as Ernst & Young members have already done.

He said: "Pension scheme members challenging their employer feel vulnerable, so
forming a 'no names' action group makes sense. It distances the members from the
discussions and prevents individuals from being victimised."

Members of final salary - or defined benefit - schemes, can normally rely on the
scheme to remain open until their retirement unless the company goes into
administration and the pension scheme has to be wound up.

Final salary schemes offer defined benefits based on a combination of the
member's salary nearing retirement and years of service. Many large employers
have announced the closure of such schemes to new employees, replacing them with
money purchase - or defined contribution - schemes. Others have replaced them
with "career average" schemes, which tend to pay lower pensions, but are still
viewed as much less risky to employees than money purchase schemes.

Pensions from money purchase schemes depend on the level of contributions made
by employer and employee, the performance of the underlying funds and annuity
rates at the time of retirement. Under money purchase arrangements, the risk of
a pension fund underperforming is borne wholly by the employee.

With final salary schemes, employers are honour-bound to provide a specified
level of pension income and so it is they, not the employees, who take the risk.

The increasing propensity for employers to switch to money purchase schemes has
prompted concern that employees may end up with inferior pensions at retirement,
through a combination of inadequate contributions and poor performing, or
inappropriate, investments.

There is strong evidence that employers who close final salary schemes
contribute significantly less to the money purchase arrangements with which they
are replaced. Typically, employers cut their contributions from 10 per cent of
salaries into final salary schemes to 5 per cent into money-purchase schemes.

If you have been promised a final salary scheme in your contract of employment,
the removal of this benefit could be deemed to be a breach of your contract.

Very few companies have consistent contracts of employment across their entire
workforce and it is possible that different groups of employees have different
conditions.

Normally contracts of employment will refer pension scheme members to the scheme
booklet which, in turn, typically refers to the employer's right to terminate
the scheme.

But: "There are a lot of possible grounds for exploring whether what employers
are doing is within the powers they have reserved for themselves," says Chris
Mullen, a partner at Pinsent Curtis Biddle. "Employers may be allowed to
terminate a scheme, but that doesn't necessarily mean they can close it or
change the benefit structure."

Even where there is no explicit contractual promise of a final salary scheme,
employers have a duty to treat employees fairly. This has prompted some lawyers
to advise clients to tread carefully when withdrawing final salary schemes if
they wish to avoid breaching their duty of "trust and confidence" towards their
employees.

The role of the scheme trustees in any changes is crucial. They are obliged to
act at all times in accordance with the trust deed and for the benefit of the
members. For instance, trustees can agree to the closure of a final salary
scheme only if the trust deed permits this to be carried out.

In any event, the employer should always consult the trustees. Mullen comments:
"Trustees should be looking very carefully as to whether they should be going
along with what employers are doing."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              174 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

               December 12, 2003 Friday All-round Country Edition

In good faith, it's time to end trusts

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Bryan Frith

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1185 words


Funds could merge by a scheme of arrangement

SHOULD the Corporations Act be amended to enable trusts and other managed
investment schemes to merge by way of schemes of arrangement, in much the same
way they were brought within the scope of the takeover provisions?

At present, schemes of arrangements are limited to corporations. This covers
companies but not trusts.

Trusts can still merge by way of what are known as trust schemes, which
essentially involves obtaining the approval of unitholders to amend their trust
deed to provide for compulsory acquisition. While there are similarities to
schemes of arrangement, trust schemes don't involve the courts and are therefore
not subject to the scrutiny and approval of the court, to ensure equitable
treatment of unitholders. But they generally require the co-operation of the
regulator, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

Section 606 prohibits a party from acquiring more than 20 per cent of the voting
securities in a company or trust without first extending a takeover for all of
the securities. Section 611(7) provides an exemption if the acquisition is
approved by the unitholders of the target trust, but target holders who are
associated with the bidder cannot vote.

Where a trust scheme involves a takeover or merger, all of the target holders
would be vendors and therefore unable to vote. But that can be overcome by
obtaining a modification from ASIC.

One form of trust scheme -- in which the units of target are redeemed rather
than acquired (the trust equivalent of selective capital reductions for
companies) -- would not trigger the need for S611(7) unitholder approval, unless
a unitholder would emerge with more than 20 per cent of the buyer. But such
proposals are rare (this commentator can not recall one) possibly for reasons
related to taxation treatment.

The increasing use of stapled securities -- involving both a company and a trust
-- can pose problems, with a scheme of arrangement needed for the company
component and a trust scheme for the trust.

Hills Motorway adopted that mechanism last year for its proposed restructure to
enable it to invest in projects other than Sydney's M2 Motorway. On that
occasion, the trustee of the Hills trust sought to make the trust scheme as
close to a scheme of arrangement as possible by obtaining judicial advice from
the court that it was appropriate to hold the trust scheme meeting. However, the
shareholders of Hills Motorway were opposed to the group investing in other
projects and voted down the proposal.

The current proposal to corporatise the trust, Challenger Financial Services
Group, also involves a trust scheme. Actually it involved a scheme of
arrangement initially, when the Consolidated Press-controlled trust CPH
Investment Corp merged with Challenger International to form CFS.

However, the corporatisation also involves a formal scheme of arrangement.
That's because CFS has options which were granted by Challenger to staff and
financial planners, and which would become Challenger shares upon exercise. When
Challenger and CPHIC merged, the scheme of arrangement provided that the options
would convert to units in CFS.

It would defeat the purpose to convert CFS into a company only to have the
options convert into units in the trust. Because the options were issued by a
company rather than a trust, it's possible to use a scheme of arrangement to
have the option holders approve the options convert to shares in the new CFS
company upon exercise. But it would be more straightforward if only one scheme
mechanism was employed.

The S611(7) hook brings trust schemes within the purview of the Takeovers Panel.
The use of trust schemes came under challenge last year during the contest
between Mirvac and Commonwealth Property Office Fund-Gandel Retail Trust for
control of the Colonial First State Property Trust Group.

Mirvac made a conventional takeover offer for Colonial, but Commonwealth and
Gandel proposed a trust scheme. Mirvac protested to the panel and sought an
order that its rivals be required to make a formal takeover offer. The panel
declined to outlaw trust schemes, but considered that they raised "fundamental
questions" about mergers by trust and other managed investment schemes.

It considered that trust schemes should be done through a mechanism that was
clearly effective, in a way that was "harmonious" with the principles and
protections of the takeover provisions and not be a device to avoid the takeover
provisions.

The panel recently released a draft guidance note for public comment. But it
considered that trust schemes would need to comply with aspects of schemes of
arrangement and the takeover provisions to avoid the possibility of being
declared unacceptable.

They included appropriate disclosure, including an independent expert's report,
complying with the takeover rule for the consideration to match the highest
price paid in the preceding four months, appropriate voting practices,
disclosure of collateral benefits, no defeating conditions of the type not
allowed in a takeover, and a requirement to proceed within two months unless
there had been a sufficient change in circumstances to justify not proceeding.

Submissions closed last month and the panel expects to finalise views early next
year. In general, there was support for the underlying policy that similar
transactions should be regulated similarly and that it was appropriate in the
case of trusts to consider the principles underpinning the regulation of
takeovers and schemes of arrangement.

But, as with companies, acquisition of trusts and managed investment schemes can
be complex and difficult, if not impossible, to fit within the rules governing
takeovers. So, while schemes of arrangement aren't available, trust schemes
should be retained.

However, there was a general view that the panel's approach was too prescriptive
and that it should stick to a set of broad principles.

Minter partners, James Philips and Michael Barr-David, also pointed to the
differing impact upon a bidder in acquiring a strategic stake in the target
ahead of a takeover bid or a scheme of arrangement. A strategic stake can be a
plus for a takeover and counts towards satisfying the compulsory acquisition
criteria, but a disadvantage in a scheme of arrangement as it cannot be voted in
favour the proposal. They suggested a compromise for trust schemes to allow a
bidder and associates to vote in proportion to the vote of the non-associated
unitholders.

But the preferable solution could be to simply amend S411 of the Corporations
Act to provide that for schemes of arrangement a corporation include unit trusts
and other managed investment schemes. In practice that would almost certainly
mean schemes of arrangement would wholly replace trust schemes.

That solution was recommended by the Companies and Securities Advisory Council
in the early 1990s, when the managed investment provisions were first enacted,
but was not acted upon. It made sense then, and it still does.

bfrith@acenet.com.au

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              175 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

Big banks are wooing non-bank KiwiSavers

BYLINE: Rob Stock

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 465 words


The big banks are caning it in the battle for KiwiSavers' hearts, successfully
wooing many away from their non-bank rivals.

Bank of New Zealand was the biggest winner in the switching fight, attracting a
net $176.3 million transfers into its scheme, though that was over a 15-month
period to the end of March compared with the 12-month reports from other
providers.

BNZ was a latecomer to KiwiSaver, but is wasting no time in encouraging its
customers to shift their accounts to the bank's scheme.

ANZ was another big winner with a net $1.393b transferred into its main scheme
from other schemes, though that is less impressive than it first sounds as on
April 1, 2013, the National Bank scheme was shut. ANZ bought the National Bank
in 2003, and the vast bulk of the $1.25b transferred out of the National Bank
scheme went to ANZ.

ANZ also operates the ANZ Default scheme (previously called Onepath KiwiSaver),
and the OneAnswer (previously called SIL KiwiSaver) schemes.

Kiwibank's two schemes - Kiwi Wealth (the old Gareth Morgan scheme) and the
Kiwibank scheme (now no longer being sold) - had a combined net transfer of
$107.6m.

Westpac's net switches were worth $56.3m, while ASB's giant scheme saw evenly
matched inflows and outflows, netting just $10.7m.

Just where the banks are winning is clear: the non-bank schemes are leaking
members.

Mercer's two schemes saw just under a net $75m of funds transfer to other
schemes, while Fisher Funds Two schemes (it bought Tower's) had total net
outflows of nearly $87m.

AMP appears to have lost more than those four schemes combined, just short of
$200m. AMP was operating two schemes, but closed the AMP Wealth scheme, which
saw a one-off transfer of $1.02b into its main scheme.

About $20m of funds was transferred in that closure to schemes other than the
AMP one, indicating some KiwiSavers took the opportunity to head to other
providers. The main AMP scheme saw just over $175m of member funds transfer to
others.

David Beattie, chief investment officer of the Grosvenor KiwiSaver scheme, which
saw net positive transfers in, said the banks' staff were selling KiwiSaver to
customers at every possible opportunity.

"The banks have dominated the flows in because they are using their
relationships with their banking customers," he said. "They often have the
opportunity to get in front of them, and are using the 'Do you want fires with
that?' approach. They always mention KiwiSaver."

They can also use bribes, he said. "Sometimes they will offer a fee discount. If
you move everyone [in a family] across, they will sometimes waive the membership
for the kids."

He suspected some transfers were the result of KiwiSaver "chasing past
performance" by shifting to funds with better recent performance, though this
seems a more minor trend. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

Big banks are wooing non-bank KiwiSavers

BYLINE: Rob Stock

SECTION: BUSINESS; GENERAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 465 words


The big banks are caning it in the battle for KiwiSavers' hearts, successfully
wooing many away from their non-bank rivals.

Bank of New Zealand was the biggest winner in the switching fight, attracting a
net $176.3 million transfers into its scheme, though that was over a 15-month
period to the end of March compared with the 12-month reports from other
providers.

BNZ was a latecomer to KiwiSaver, but is wasting no time in encouraging its
customers to shift their accounts to the bank's scheme.

ANZ was another big winner with a net $1.393b transferred into its main scheme
from other schemes, though that is less impressive than it first sounds as on
April 1, 2013, the National Bank scheme was shut. ANZ bought the National Bank
in 2003, and the vast bulk of the $1.25b transferred out of the National Bank
scheme went to ANZ.

ANZ also operates the ANZ Default scheme (previously called Onepath KiwiSaver),
and the OneAnswer (previously called SIL KiwiSaver) schemes.

Kiwibank's two schemes - Kiwi Wealth (the old Gareth Morgan scheme) and the
Kiwibank scheme (now no longer being sold) - had a combined net transfer of
$107.6m.

Westpac's net switches were worth $56.3m, while ASB's giant scheme saw evenly
matched inflows and outflows, netting just $10.7m.

Just where the banks are winning is clear: the non-bank schemes are leaking
members.

Mercer's two schemes saw just under a net $75m of funds transfer to other
schemes, while Fisher Funds Two schemes (it bought Tower's) had total net
outflows of nearly $87m.

AMP appears to have lost more than those four schemes combined, just short of
$200m. AMP was operating two schemes, but closed the AMP Wealth scheme, which
saw a one-off transfer of $1.02b into its main scheme.

About $20m of funds was transferred in that closure to schemes other than the
AMP one, indicating some KiwiSavers took the opportunity to head to other
providers. The main AMP scheme saw just over $175m of member funds transfer to
others.

David Beattie, chief investment officer of the Grosvenor KiwiSaver scheme, which
saw net positive transfers in, said the banks' staff were selling KiwiSaver to
customers at every possible opportunity.

"The banks have dominated the flows in because they are using their
relationships with their banking customers," he said. "They often have the
opportunity to get in front of them, and are using the 'Do you want fires with
that?' approach. They always mention KiwiSaver."

They can also use bribes, he said. "Sometimes they will offer a fee discount. If
you move everyone [in a family] across, they will sometimes waive the membership
for the kids."

He suspected some transfers were the result of KiwiSaver "chasing past
performance" by shifting to funds with better recent performance, though this
seems a more minor trend. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

Big banks are wooing non-bank KiwiSavers

BYLINE: Rob Stock

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 465 words


The big banks are caning it in the battle for KiwiSavers' hearts, successfully
wooing many away from their non-bank rivals.

Bank of New Zealand was the biggest winner in the switching fight, attracting a
net $176.3 million transfers into its scheme, though that was over a 15-month
period to the end of March compared with the 12-month reports from other
providers.

BNZ was a latecomer to KiwiSaver, but is wasting no time in encouraging its
customers to shift their accounts to the bank's scheme.

ANZ was another big winner with a net $1.393b transferred into its main scheme
from other schemes, though that is less impressive than it first sounds as on
April 1, 2013, the National Bank scheme was shut. ANZ bought the National Bank
in 2003, and the vast bulk of the $1.25b transferred out of the National Bank
scheme went to ANZ.

ANZ also operates the ANZ Default scheme (previously called Onepath KiwiSaver),
and the OneAnswer (previously called SIL KiwiSaver) schemes.

Kiwibank's two schemes - Kiwi Wealth (the old Gareth Morgan scheme) and the
Kiwibank scheme (now no longer being sold) - had a combined net transfer of
$107.6m.

Westpac's net switches were worth $56.3m, while ASB's giant scheme saw evenly
matched inflows and outflows, netting just $10.7m.

Just where the banks are winning is clear: the non-bank schemes are leaking
members.

Mercer's two schemes saw just under a net $75m of funds transfer to other
schemes, while Fisher Funds Two schemes (it bought Tower's) had total net
outflows of nearly $87m.

AMP appears to have lost more than those four schemes combined, just short of
$200m. AMP was operating two schemes, but closed the AMP Wealth scheme, which
saw a one-off transfer of $1.02b into its main scheme.

About $20m of funds was transferred in that closure to schemes other than the
AMP one, indicating some KiwiSavers took the opportunity to head to other
providers. The main AMP scheme saw just over $175m of member funds transfer to
others.

David Beattie, chief investment officer of the Grosvenor KiwiSaver scheme, which
saw net positive transfers in, said the banks' staff were selling KiwiSaver to
customers at every possible opportunity.

"The banks have dominated the flows in because they are using their
relationships with their banking customers," he said. "They often have the
opportunity to get in front of them, and are using the 'Do you want fires with
that?' approach. They always mention KiwiSaver."

They can also use bribes, he said. "Sometimes they will offer a fee discount. If
you move everyone [in a family] across, they will sometimes waive the membership
for the kids."

He suspected some transfers were the result of KiwiSaver "chasing past
performance" by shifting to funds with better recent performance, though this
seems a more minor trend. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 01, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Regulator investigates Liberty Medical Scheme's board after illegal payment to
ex-trustee

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 799 words


The Council for Medical Schemes says it is investigating whether the trustees of
Liberty Medical Scheme are fit to remain on the board after the North Gauteng
High Court this week found that a payment they made to a former trustee was
illegal.

The former trustee, Advocate Boyce Mkhize, was ordered to repay almost R1.7
million that he received from the scheme in an illegal settlement agreement.

He was also ordered to pay the costs of the court application, which was brought
by the regulator of medical schemes and a member of Liberty Medical Scheme.

In addition, the chairman of the scheme's board of trustees, Dan Pienaar, who
was the subject of an investigation by the Council for Medical Schemes into his
fitness and propriety to serve as a trustee, resigned from the board this week.

The Council for Medical Schemes has been addressing governance problems at
Liberty Medical Scheme since October 2010, when complaints were laid against
Pienaar and the former chairman of the board of trustees, Larry Jacques, the
council said in a statement on the court ruling this week.

Payment to resign

The High Court found that the scheme's decision in May 2011 to pay Mkhize R962
500 to resign from the board of trustees one month before his term of office was
about to end contravened the rules of the scheme.

It also found that the R700 000 that the trustees paid Mkhize in May 2011 to
agree not to disclose confidential information about Liberty Medical Scheme to
be in contravention of the scheme's rules.

When the payments first came to the attention of the Council for Medical Schemes
later in 2011, it directed the scheme to recover the money from Mkhize, but the
trustees and Mkhize refused to comply.

The council and the Registrar of Medical Schemes then approached the High Court
last year.

According to the court judgment, Liberty Medical Scheme amalgamated with
Medicover Medical Scheme on January 1, 2010.

The respective boards of trustees of Liberty and Medicover agreed that five
trustees from each board would make up the new board, but that the board would
be reduced to a more "manageable" eight trustees during 2010 and to seven in
2011.

The boards of the two schemes also agreed that trustees would be encouraged to
resign voluntarily in order to reduce the size of the new board and, where they
did not resign, the new board would vote in secret on which trustees should
resign. This decision was made a rule of the amalgamated scheme.

According to the judgment, Liberty Medical Scheme defended its actions saying
that the termination agreement and restraint-of-trade payment were concluded
amid acrimony and a severe breakdown in relations between Mkhize and the rest of
the amalgamated board.

The scheme asked the court to view the payment to Mkhize as a "compromise
agreement" with which the court should not interfere, the judgment says.

The trustees told the court that Mkhize had had sight of information about
Liberty Medical Scheme that they did not want disclosed to competitors and for
this reason they paid Mkhize to keep the information confidential.

not within the rules

But Judge Fayeeza Kathree-Setiloane found that the scheme did not have the power
to act outside the ambit and confines of its rules.

She says that, in its rules, Liberty links the remuneration of trustees to the
performance of their duties. When trustees are not performing these duties, they
are not entitled to professional fees.

The payment to Mkhize could not be viewed as a settlement or compromise, because
there had not been any dispute to settle, Judge Kathree-Setiloane says.

Liberty Medical Scheme was obliged by its rules to hold a ballot once it became
clear that Mkhize would not resign, she says.

There had been only a month until the end of what the scheme's lawyers regarded
as Mkhize's term of office; therefore, it would have been prudent for the
trustees to have waited out that period, Judge Kathree-Setiloane says.

"The payment has all the hallmarks of the conduct of a supine board succumbing
to the demands of a trustee who self-confessedly would have resigned only on the
terms of the agreement, or on better terms, despite the fact that he could
simply have been voted out by the board in terms of [its rules]," she says.

On the restraint-of-trade agreement, Judge Kathree-Setiloane says Mkhize had a
fiduciary obligation not to disclose the scheme's confidential information, and
that obligation continued after his services were terminated.

The Council for Medical Schemes's statement notes that the scheme's trustees are
the highest-paid in the industry, and their average remuneration rose from R412
000 in 2010 to R703 000 in 2011.

Despite its governance problems, the scheme is financially sound, with reserves
of 27.9 percent of contributions, which is above the 25 percent required by law.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                November 7, 2011

Medical aid costs unravelled

BYLINE: Maya Fisher-French

SECTION: SMART MONEY

LENGTH: 1452 words

DATELINE: Cape Town, South Africa



HIGHLIGHT: Selecting a medical scheme with the right cover at the right price is
a minefield.>


Selecting a medical scheme with the right cover at the right price is a
minefield. So medical scheme consulting firm Alexander Forbes Health has created
the benefit richness comparison model -- a table that compares the benefits and
claims paid by a scheme in relation to the monthly premiums paid -- to help its
clients to understand the benefits of their scheme. A value-for-money indicator,
the schemes below an indicator line offer the best cover for the best price and
those above the indicator line are overcharging for what they offer.

So far Alexander Forbes Health has assessed only the fully comprehensive options
of several schemes and is still to analyse middle of the road options, which
tend to be more popular.

Based on this analysis, Momentum Health and Discovery Health offered the richest
cover for the best value. But both schemes (in the Discovery Essential range
plans and Momentum Summit plans) had outliers, sitting well above the average
for costs. This highlighted the need to compare the individual options within a
scheme as well as the complexity facing consumers.

Fedhealth's Maxima options, the Bonitas medical fund and the Sizwe medical aid
all came in at higher prices relative to the benefits they provided.

Butsi Tladi, head of Alexander Forbes Health, said they created the model
because they found that clients and advisers were struggling to compare schemes
because of the complexity of the cover and the lack of comparative pricing.

"The regulator wants to encourage medical schemes to have their own rates of
cover, but how can a member know what 200% of the Discovery rate or Fedhealth
rate actually represents in rands? There are 98 schemes, all with various
options. In the absence of a benchmark rate, how is the individual supposed to
understand how each rate of cover compares to another?" said Tladi. It was
almost impossible for members to know whether the scheme they were on was
offering good value.

The first challenge for consumers was that there was no comparison for medical
prices. The old "board of health providers rate", which was a proxy for private
health care rates, was disallowed by the government several years ago as it was
seen as anti-competitive. The department of health then issued a national health
reference price list as a guideline for prices paid for medical services, but
that was not updated and has fallen away.

This left consumers with no way to determine what a reasonable price was for a
doctor's visit or a medical procedure. It also meant that they had no idea
whether or not their medical cover was sufficient to meet these costs. The idea
was that one would shop around, but how realistic is it for someone to phone
several specialists and hospitals asking for their price list on a hernia
operation?

Even if a member was that proactive, doctors found a way to juggle the pricing
between funds. Some doctors would price their service according to the member's
scheme so, if a member belonged to a scheme with higher cover, the member would
pay more. This just increased the cost of running the medical scheme, which was
possibly why top-end, fully comprehensive schemes were mostly running at a loss.

To cut costs, medical schemes are focusing on cutting benefits, which is
creating a whole new insurance industry in gap cover. The trend is for people to
buy the cheapest medical cover and then top up with gap cover insurance, which
will pay up to 400% of the schemes' rates.

Several years ago Discovery Health reduced its hospital cover on some of its
high-end schemes from 300% to 200%.

Tladi said that, for a while, other schemes kept the 300% cover as a
differentiator but most have followed Discovery's lead and reduced cover.

Although Discovery argued at the time that the move was immaterial as members
who used hospitals and specialists within their network would be fully covered,
what if one lived in an area where the hospital in town was not tied to the
Discovery network?

This year Discovery changed some of the hospitals in its KeyCare range to stem
the 17% loss it was experiencing in the range.

Tladi said that, although the registrar of medical schemes was opposed to this
type of gap insurance, it was a fast-growing market.

Part of the issue for medical schemes was the compulsory inclusion of some
prescribed minimum benefits, which prevented schemes from offering plans that
provided only hospital cover, although this was ultimately what many consumers
were demanding.

These prescribed minimum benefits were driving healthcare costs and medical
schemes needed to find ways to cut costs, often by limiting the medication they
would cover. Tladi said, for example, that hypertension, which was covered under
the compulsory prescribed minimum benefits, was a serious cost to medical
schemes. Some had removed Lipitor as a medication covered for the condition as
there were cheaper generics available. This meant that, next year, a member
could find that the medicine they had been prescribed and had been taking for
several years was no longer covered.

She said medical schemes were under enormous pressure to cut costs and remain
competitive, especially in tough economic times, so these moves were
understandable. But, by and large, medical schemes were fair and would extend
the cover if a doctor could motivate why an alternative was not viable.

To contain soaring medical costs, schemes were also moving their members on to
doctor and hospital networks by offering premium discounts. For example,
Momentum Health, the first medical scheme to introduce hospital networks into
their higher priced options, offered discounts of up to 30% for members using
hospitals, doctors and specialists in their network.

Discovery Health introduced general practitioner and specialist networks five
years ago, which at the time was fiercely challenged by the medical fraternity,
but it has become widespread in all schemes as a cost containment measure.

Tladi said Bonitas managed to reverse its R540-million loss last year by
insisting that members had to use network general practitioners to receive a
referral before seeing a specialist.

Schemes are also focusing on attracting healthier, younger members with
lifestyle benefits such as Discovery's Vitality and Momentum's Health Rewards,
which pay back cash of up to R3 600 a year to members.

Main cost drivers are specialists and hospitals

 Medical aid scheme increases for 2012 range from 7.2% for Fedhealth to as high
as 11.9% for Sizwe. The main cost drivers remain medical costs associated with
specialists, hospitals and new technology. But individual schemes are affected
by profiles and operating costs, which result in different cost drivers. Schemes
running losses or fast-growing schemes have to increase premiums to build up
reserves.

It is important to look at the longer-term price increases to understand pricing
trends. Fedhealth, which has the lowest increase this year, had the highest
premium increase in the market two years ago. If one looks at the longer-term
price increases over eight years, Discovery Health has the lowest overall
pricing at an average of 8.7%. Although Sizwe and Bonitas match this figure,
they both had a year in which they had zero price increases, which were not
sustainable, so they had much higher increases subsequently.

Sizwe's premium increase this year is driven by high losses within the scheme.
The head of Alexander Forbes Health, Butsi Tladi, said the scheme experienced
extremely high claim ratios of more than 90%. Unlike new-generation schemes that
have savings pockets to cover day-to-day expenses, Sizwe, as a traditional
scheme, created a perverse incentive for members to use all their benefits.
Those who did not use benefits, such as prescription glasses once a year, for
example, lost the benefit, hence members tended to tap into all available
benefits.

Fully comprehensive schemes and entry-level schemes usually run at a loss and
therefore tend to have much higher price increases. Higher-end schemes tend to
have more pensioners, driving up the claims ratio. For example, Discovery's
executive plan is running at a 46% loss and its Keycare range at a 17% loss.

Fedhealth increased its Ultima range by 7.1%, but its Maxima range increased by
only 6.8%. The scheme specifically stated that the higher increases were owing
to the higher number of pensioners in the Ultima range.

Although the Council of Medical Schemes focused on administration costs, Tladi
said one should rather look at the whole package. If higher administration costs
resulted in greater efficiency, cost containment and service, then a scheme with
a 10% administration cost could offer better value than a scheme with an 8%
administration cost.>

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                August 27, 2010

Tips for choosing a medical scheme

BYLINE: Fiona Zerbst

LENGTH: 474 words


South Africans have more than 100 medical schemes to choose from, with hundreds
of benefit options. But how do you know if your medical aid is a healthy one?
The Mail & Guardian asked Aleksandra Serwa, communications manager and
spokesperson for the Council for Medical Schemes, for some tips.


     ·    In terms of assessing the general health of schemes, there are a
          number of factors that should be considered, and they should be
          considered in relation to each other, not in isolation. Read as much
          as you can and ask questions.
     ·    Look at the solvency of your scheme or the scheme you are considering
          joining. The Medical Schemes Act requires schemes to maintain a
          solvency of at least 25%. At the same time, a solvency below 25% does
          not necessarily mean that the scheme is experiencing financial
          difficulties; consider the bigger picture.
     ·    Look at the reserves of the scheme per beneficiary.
     ·    Look at how the scheme is spending its money (it is, after all, your
          money). How much is spent on healthcare benefits (such as claims)? How
          much is spent on non-healthcare costs (such as administration)?
     ·    Look at the overall history of the scheme; has it been involved in any
          lawsuits? Pay attention to its corporate governance


.

     ·    Has its membership been growing? How has its membership profile
          changed? Is it attracting young and healthy beneficiaries? When more
          people join a scheme, its solvency inevitably drops.
     ·    Consider the kind of benefits the scheme offers. How do these benefits
          compare with those of other schemes?
     ·    Have its contributions increased and if so, by how much? Consider that
          in difficult economic times, schemes are able to derive less
          investment income than in good times, meaning that they have to
          increase their contributions by more than normally.
     ·    Does the scheme communicate in an open and transparent manner, and in
          a language that is easy to understand? Is the information you need
          freely available from its call centre, on its website?
     ·    Serwa stresses that all schemes must provide the so-called prescribed
          minimum benefits or PMBs. These are guaranteed to each and every
          beneficiary of a medical scheme in South Africa, regardless of benefit
          option. Your scheme must cover the PMB conditions of its beneficiaries
          in full, and from the "risk pool" of the scheme, so schemes are not
          allowed to use your medical savings account to cover PMB conditions.
          There are just less than 300 PMB conditions; these are all serious and
          expensive, and often life-threatening. PMBs are diagnosis-driven,
          which means that it does not matter how you developed the condition or
          disease; your scheme must pay for the diagnosis, treatment and care of
          your PMB condition in full. These PMBs are described in the Medical
          Schemes Act.

Read more news, blogs, tips and Q&As in our Smart Money section. Post questions
on the site for independent and researched information.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: South Africans have more than 100 medical schemes to choose from. But how
do you know if your medical aid is a healthy one?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                August 27, 2010

Tips for choosing a medical scheme

BYLINE: Fiona Zerbst

SECTION: SMART MONEY

LENGTH: 474 words



HIGHLIGHT: South Africans have more than 100 medical schemes to choose from. But
how do you know if your medical aid is a healthy one?>


South Africans have more than 100 medical schemes to choose from, with hundreds
of benefit options. But how do you know if your medical aid is a healthy one?
The Mail & Guardian asked Aleksandra Serwa, communications manager and
spokesperson for the Council for Medical Schemes, for some tips.


     ·    In terms of assessing the general health of schemes, there are a
          number of factors that should be considered, and they should be
          considered in relation to each other, not in isolation. Read as much
          as you can and ask questions.
     ·    Look at the solvency of your scheme or the scheme you are considering
          joining. The Medical Schemes Act requires schemes to maintain a
          solvency of at least 25%. At the same time, a solvency below 25% does
          not necessarily mean that the scheme is experiencing financial
          difficulties; consider the bigger picture.
     ·    Look at the reserves of the scheme per beneficiary.
     ·    Look at how the scheme is spending its money (it is, after all, your
          money). How much is spent on healthcare benefits (such as claims)? How
          much is spent on non-healthcare costs (such as administration)?
     ·    Look at the overall history of the scheme; has it been involved in any
          lawsuits? Pay attention to its corporate governance
     ·    Has its membership been growing? How has its membership profile
          changed? Is it attracting young and healthy beneficiaries? When more
          people join a scheme, its solvency inevitably drops.
     ·    Consider the kind of benefits the scheme offers. How do these benefits
          compare with those of other schemes?
     ·    Have its contributions increased and if so, by how much? Consider that
          in difficult economic times, schemes are able to derive less
          investment income than in good times, meaning that they have to
          increase their contributions by more than normally.
     ·    Does the scheme communicate in an open and transparent manner, and in
          a language that is easy to understand? Is the information you need
          freely available from its call centre, on its website?
     ·    Serwa stresses that all schemes must provide the so-called prescribed
          minimum benefits or PMBs. These are guaranteed to each and every
          beneficiary of a medical scheme in South Africa, regardless of benefit
          option. Your scheme must cover the PMB conditions of its beneficiaries
          in full, and from the "risk pool" of the scheme, so schemes are not
          allowed to use your medical savings account to cover PMB conditions.
          There are just less than 300 PMB conditions; these are all serious and
          expensive, and often life-threatening. PMBs are diagnosis-driven,
          which means that it does not matter how you developed the condition or
          disease; your scheme must pay for the diagnosis, treatment and care of
          your PMB condition in full. These PMBs are described in the Medical
          Schemes Act.


Read more news, blogs, tips and Q&As in our  section. Post questions on the site
for independent and researched information.>

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     March 17, 2010 Wednesday 10:06 AM EST

LCQ9: Non-means-tested student loan schemes

LENGTH: 2104  words


Hong Kong, Mar. 17 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:


Following is a question by the Hon Cheung Man-kwong and a written reply by the
Secretary for Education, Mr Michael Suen, in the Legislative Council today
(March 17): Question: In connection with the implementation of the
Non-means-tested Loan Scheme ("NLS"), the Non-means-tested Loan Scheme for
Post-secondary Students ("NLSPS") and the Extended Non-means-tested Loan Scheme
("ENLS"), will the Government inform this Council: (a) of the respective numbers
of applications received and approved under each of the aforesaid loan schemes
in each of the academic years from 2005-2006 to 2009-2010, together with a
breakdown of the figures for ENLS by the categories of students as set out in
the Eligibility section of the Guidance Notes for ENLS; (b) of the largest,
smallest, median and average loan amounts approved under each of the aforesaid
loan schemes in each of the academic years from 2005-2006 to 2009-2010, as well
as the respective programmes involved; (c) of the number of defaulters and
default rate of each of the aforesaid loan schemes in the 2009-2010 academic
year; (d) of the reasons for setting a maximum loan amount for NLS; (e) of the
reasons for not setting maximum loan amounts on tuition fees for NLSPS and ENLS;
and if it will review whether or not such maximum loan amounts should be set; if
it will, of the details and the timetable; if not, the reasons for that; (f)
whether it will review afresh the practice of setting the interest rate on the
basis of the risk-adjusted factor of the various loan schemes; if it will, of
the details and the timetable; if not, the reasons for that; (g) which of the
programmes covered under the various loan schemes are not subject to the
regulation of any relevant legislation or the assessment of the Hong Kong
Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications; (h) of the
annual number of programmes for which applications were submitted to the
Controller of the Student Financial Assistance Agency ("SFAA") for inclusion
into the Register of Eligible Course Providers and Courses between 2005-2006 and
2009-2010 academic years, the respective numbers of such programmes for which
approval had been and had not been given, as well as the relevant assessment
criteria; and the number of programmes being removed from the Register in each
of the past five school years; and (i) of the measures put in place by the
authorities to guarantee the quality of the programmes approved by SFAA and to
ensure that such programmes will not be discontinued?

Reply: President, The Government's student finance policy is to ensure that no
student would be denied access to education due to lack of means. The
non-means-tested loan scheme was first introduced in 1998/99 academic year to
provide an alternative source of finance to those tertiary students who failed
to or did not wish to go through the means test as required under the financial
assistance scheme concerned. Its ambit has been expanded over the years with the
approval of the Finance Committee of the Legislative Council. At present, the
Student Financial Assistance Agency (SFAA) is administering the following three
non-means-tested loan schemes which aim at providing loans to eligible students
to pursue their studies: * Non-means-tested Loan Scheme (Scheme A) - applicable
to full-time students covered by the Tertiary Student Finance Scheme -
Publicly-funded Programmes (TSFS), i.e. students pursuing publicly-funded
post-secondary programmes offered by the University Grants Committee
(UGC)-funded institutions, Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education of the
Vocational Training Council, Prince Philip Dental Hospital and Hong Kong Academy
for Performing Arts. * Non-means-tested Loan Scheme for Post-secondary Students
(Scheme B) - applicable to full-time students covered by the Financial
Assistance Scheme for Post-secondary Students (FASP), i.e. students aged 25 or
below and pursuing self-financing locally-accredited post-secondary (degree,
top-up degree and sub-degree level) programmes. * Extended Non-means-tested Loan
Scheme (Scheme C) - applicable to students not covered by TSFS and FASP and who
are pursuing part-time and continuing education programmes. My replies to the
questions in seriatim are in the ensuing paragraphs: (a) The number of
applications received and approved under the three non-means-tested loan schemes
from 2005/06 to 2009/10 academic years are at Annex I. (b) The highest, lowest,
median and average loan amounts under the three non-means-tested loan schemes
from 2005/06 to 2009/10 academic years and the programmes involved are at Annex
II. (c) The number of defaulters and default rate under the three
non-means-tested loan schemes in the 2009/10 academic year are at Annex III. (d)
and (e) At present, the maximum loan amount receivable by a loan borrower under
the three non-means-tested loan schemes in an academic year is as follows:
Maximum loan amount receivable in an academic year Scheme ATuition fees payable
in the academic year (the highest tuition fees payable for eligible courses
under the Scheme in 2009/10 academic year is $42,100) Scheme BTuition fees
payable in the academic year (no ceiling) + living expenses ($36,880 for 2009/10
academic year) + academic expenses ($3,200 for 2009/10 academic year) Scheme
CTotal tuition fees payable in the academic year (no ceiling) Since the eligible
courses covered by Scheme A and Scheme B are full-time courses, a student can
only apply for loans in respect of one eligible course under Scheme A or Scheme
B in an academic year. For Scheme C which covers a wide range of continuing
education courses, a student may apply for loans for more than one eligible
course under Scheme C in an academic year. Where practicable, a student may
apply for loans under more than one of the three loan schemes for pursuing
different eligible courses in an academic year. In addition, there is no limit
on the total amount of loans that may be borrowed by a person under different
loan schemes at any one time. There are also no limits on the total number of
courses for which loans may be borrowed and the total amount of loans that may
be borrowed by a student under any one scheme across academic years. Eligible
courses under Scheme B and Scheme C are self-financing programmes. Tuition fees
of these courses are determined by the relevant institutions having regard to
the market situation. To ensure that no student would be denied access to
education due to lack of means and to encourage life-long learning, Scheme B and
Scheme C do not set a ceiling on tuition fees loan so that sufficient loans
would be provided to eligible students to meet their tuition fees. The
Government will conduct a review on the operation of the non-means-tested loan
schemes, which would study whether there should be any changes to the
restrictions on the loan amount, loan coverage (whether the loans should cover
tuition fees only, or should also cover academic expenses and living expenses)
and number of courses for which loans may be applied by each student. We have
just launched phase 1 of the review on the operation of the non-means-tested
loan schemes on March 15, 2010, which will last for three months. The Government
has provided the public with key information and issues of concern on the
non-means-tested loan schemes for the purpose of inviting public views. We would
carefully consider the views and suggestions received from the public with a
view to drawing up proposals on how best to improve the schemes. (f) Borrowers
of non-means-tested loans do not need to go through any means test, and the
loans are not secured. To ensure the proper use of public money, the
non-means-tested loan schemes operate on a no-gain-no-loss and full
cost-recovery basis. The current interest rate of non-means-tested loans
includes a 1.5% risk-adjusted factor (RAF) that seeks to cover Government's risk
in disbursing unsecured loans. In view of the different default situations of
the three non-means-tested loan schemes, we have accepted the recommendation
made by the Director of Audit in his Report No.53 published in November 2009 to
consider the feasibility of adopting different rates of RAF for the three loan
schemes based on their different risk levels, in the context of the review on
the operation of the non-means-tested loan schemes. (g) The eligible courses
under Scheme A are full-time publicly-funded post-secondary programmes offered
by the eight UGC-funded institutions, Hong Kong Institute of Vocational
Education of the Vocational Training Council, Prince Philip Dental Hospital and
Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts; those under Scheme B are full-time
self-financing locally-accredited post-secondary programmes. These programmes
are provided by institutions with self-accrediting status or have been
accredited by the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational
Qualifications. Scheme C covers a wide range of courses, including programmes
offered by the Open University of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Shue Yan University,
Project Yi Jin programmes, publicly-funded part-time programmes offered by
publicly-funded institutions and their Schools of Professional and Continuing
Education, courses offered by statutory bodies, registered and exempted courses
under the Non-local Higher and Professional Education (Regulation) Ordinance
(Chapter 493), programmes offered by a school registered or exempted from
registration under the Education Ordinance (Chapter 279), programmes offered by
a post secondary college registered under the Post Secondary Colleges Ordinance
(Chapter 320) and other programmes approved by the Controller, Student Financial
Assistance Agency (SFAA). Eligible courses under Scheme C are not required to be
locally-accredited or reimbursable courses of the Continuing Education Fund. (h)
The Controller, SFAA, in exercise of the authority delegated by the Finance
Committee of the Legislative Council, approves inclusion of other institutions
and courses under Scheme C on the basis of the following approved criteria:
Approval of Institutions The institution offering the course must fall under one
of the following categories: (a) A registered trade, professional, business
association or Chamber of Commerce. (b) An educational agency having affiliation
with a Consulate or a foreign government (e.g. Alliance Francaise, British
Council, etc). (c) A company incorporated under the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
32) that has at least three years of experience in providing training. Approval
of Courses The course being offered must be: (a) A course undertaken to gain or
maintain qualifications for use in any employment; (b) A course that takes not
less than one month to complete; and (c) A course that will lead to an award of
qualification or certificate of attendance. From 2005/06 to 2009/10 academic
years, the number of courses approved and removed by the Controller, SFAA are at
Annex IV. (i) When processing applications for inclusion under Scheme C put up
by other institutions and courses, staff of SFAA will visit the relevant
institution's premises, make enquiry on the operation of the course concerned
and its basic information, such as the course fee and duration etc. If the
institution and course concerned are found to meet the criteria mentioned in (h)
above, the Controller, SFAA will approve the inclusion of such institution and
course under Scheme C. The approval criteria make no reference to the quality of
the institution concerned, nor that of the course offered by the institution.
According to the existing mechanism for processing loan applications under
Scheme C, SFAA will normally examine whether the applicant fulfils the
eligibility criteria and whether the course pursued is an eligible course. The
quality of the eligible training institution/body concerned and the course
offered is not an approving criterion. Notwithstanding this, SFAA and the
Education Bureau will conduct surprise inspections to some eligible training
institutions/bodies under Scheme C to authenticate the course information or the
loan borrowers' attendance records. In the course of reviewing the operation of
the non-means-tested loan schemes, we would study whether there should be
additional eligibility criteria for courses covered by the schemes, such as
whether we should introduce academic accreditation or other forms of quality
assurance as an eligibility criterion as appropriate.

Source: Hong Kong SAR GovernmentWebsite: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2010 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 08, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Reserves save you from paying more;
Medical schemes tapped into the funds they are required to keep in reserve to
foot a higher-than-usual bill for claims last year while containing contribution
increases. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 963 words


Medical schemes spent more of your contributions on paying your claims last year
than in previous years, while contributions rose on average at a rate only
slightly higher than the inflation rate, according to the Council for Medical
Schemes's annual report for 2006/7.

On average, healthy reserves cushioned you from higher contribution increases,
as schemes used excess reserves to pay the higher claims, the report shows.

The contributions that medical schemes collected from you, their members,
increased by 6.2 percent to R57.6 billion, while the claims schemes paid on your
behalf rose by 12.1 percent to R51.1 billion, from R45.6 billion in 2005.

Contribution increases were, however, higher in open schemes (those that must
admit anyone as a member) than in restricted schemes. The average contribution
increase for 2006 for open schemes was 8.4 percent.

The inflation rate (CPIX) last year was 4.6 percent and, according to a recent
report by Global Credit Ratings (GCR), the medical inflation rate decreased
during 2006, averaging about six percent, compared with 6.8 percent in 2005. GCR
rates schemes on their financial stability and claims-paying abilities.

Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, told Personal Finance that
although schemes faced high claims, they came out of it well and this could
possibly be attributed to the build-up of reserves in previous years.

Higher claims without correspondingly high contribution increases meant that on
average medical schemes made operating losses last year - a total deficit of
R2.1 billion. But thanks to about R3 billion that schemes earned in investment
and other income, on average schemes recorded a total net surplus of R1.1
billion.

Although schemes spent some of the money they have in reserve to pay your
claims, they ended 2006 with R21.8 billion in reserve.

This is a 4.7 percent increase on the R20.9 billion medical schemes had in
reserve at the end of 2005.

Solvency down

Schemes' reserves are expressed as a solvency ratio, which is a percentage of
their gross contribution income. By law, schemes are required to have 25 percent
of their contribution income in reserve.

On average, at the end of 2006 schemes had a solvency ratio of 37.9 percent.
This was a decrease from the average solvency ratio of 39.1 percent at the end
of 2005.

According to GCR, certain financially healthy medical schemes that had attained
solvency levels well above the required percentage adopted a policy of diluting
their reserves to benefit members through low contribution increases and
extended benefits.

GCR also says solvency ratios contracted as a result of the difficult operating
conditions (principally the higher claims) and strong membership growth.

When medical schemes grow their membership, their contribution income increases
and, unless their reserves grow in proportion, their solvency ratios decline.

Although the average solvency ratio was 37.9 percent, the council's annual
report notes that open schemes had a lower average of 27.7 percent, and 63.7
percent of beneficiaries of open medical schemes were in one of the 18 schemes
that had a solvency ratio below the 25 percent required by law.

The annual report notes that the immediate explanation for this is that the
country's largest medical scheme, Discovery Health Medical Scheme, had a
solvency ratio of 18 percent at the end of last year and its beneficiaries
therefore account for a significant proportion of the beneficiaries in schemes
with solvency ratios below the legal limits.

The Council for Medical Schemes's report notes that Discovery has submitted a
business plan in terms of which it will achieve certain solvency levels by set
deadlines and the required 25 percent solvency ratio by the end of 2008. The
council had "again impressed on the scheme the need to meet these targets", the
report notes.

Claims ratio up

The percentage of your contributions that schemes spend on claims - known as the
claims ratio - is on the rise, the council's annual report notes, and last year
schemes spent on average 88 percent of your contributions on claims, compared
with 84 percent in 2005.

According to GCR, the rise in claims can be attributed to a number of factors,
including the ageing of scheme members, the growing burden of diseases such as
tuberculosis, HIV/Aids and malaria, the cost of the prescribed minimum benefits
(benefits that all schemes must provide to members in full), fraud, and
over-servicing by doctors and other healthcare providers.

specialists and hospitals

Furthermore, GCR says there has been an increase in the use of specialists and
hospitals, and the increase in claims is exacerbated by the high cost of
treatment by specialists and in hospitals.

According to the council's annual report, schemes paid R17.9 billion, or 35
percent, of the amount they spent on your health care to hospitals. Expenditure
on private hospitals increased by 13.6 percent to R17.7 billion in 2006. This
increase was 8.6 percent when adjusted for inflation.

In addition, the report notes that admissions to private hospitals decreased to
171 per 1 000 beneficiaries, from 208 per 1 000 in 2005. This seems to indicate
that fewer people were admitted to hospital while the cost of their admissions
rose at a rate higher than the inflation rate.

Payments to medical specialists accounted for R10.9 billion, or 21.4 percent, of
benefits paid. This amount represented an increase of 17.5 percent on 2005, or
an inflation-adjusted increase of 11.9 percent.

Masobe told Personal Finance that the sharp rise in the amounts schemes paid to
specialists is a cause for concern.

General practitioners, however, were paid R4.4 billion, or 8.6 percent, of the
total benefits paid, representing an increase of 17.2 percent (12.1 percent
after inflation) on 2005.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                             June 24, 1994, Friday

Safeguards emphasise security and openness

BYLINE: Sara McConnell

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 1042 words


Peter Lilley's proposals attempt to restore confidence in the wake of the Robert
Maxwell scandal, writes Sara McConnell

The Government's White Paper on pensions is divided into three parts. The first,
and most hotly debated, deals with the regulation of company pension schemes.
The Government's proposals are based on recommendations made last September by
the Pension Law Review Committee, chaired by Professor Roy Goode. The second
sets out the Government's proposals for breaking the link between the State
Earnings Related Pension Scheme (Serps) and the guaranteed minimum pension
company schemes have to pay if they are contracted out of Serps. The third
explains the Government's plans to introduce age-related rebates for people
contracting out of Serps into a personal pension.

Part 1. The Pensions regulator

The Government has accepted Professor Goode's recommendation to appoint a
statutory regulator for occupational pension schemes. The regulatory authority
will comprise a board, with a chairman (the regulator) and six part-time
members. It will be accountable to Parliament through the Social Security
Secretary and will replace the Occupational Pensions Board. All members of the
regulatory authority's board will be appointed by the Social Security Secretary.
Employers' and employees' assocations will choose two members. The others will
be a pension fund specialist, a life assurance specialist and two members with
general pensions knowledge selected by the Social Security Secretary.

The regulator will have powers to investigate, impose sanctions and direct
schemes to put things right. The White Paper says, however, that he will be
''actively responsive to exception reporting, focusing on schemes with
difficulties rather than interfering with well-run schemes''. Scheme members
will be able to report concerns to the regulator, while actuaries and auditors
have a duty to do so. He may deal with problems of minimum solvency, payment of
contributions, member trustees, disclosure of information to scheme members,
surpluses, scheme wind-ups, internal dispute resolution procedures, transfers,
equal treatment, indexation of pensions in payment and scheme registration. But
he will not have sole responsibility for overseeing occupational pension schemes
. He will be paid for by pension funds through a levy. The Government expects it
to cost Pounds 10 million a year with start-up costs of Pounds 2 million.

The Compensation Scheme

This will also be funded by a levy on pension funds but based on total scheme
membership rather than liabilities. It will pay out in cases of fraud, theft or
where the employer is insolvent and unable to make good the loss. The scheme
will be administered by the Pensions Ombudsman, whose remit will be widened.

The maximum payout will be limited to the lower of 90 per cent of the missing
assets or the amount required to restore the scheme to 90 per cent of its
solvency.

The compensation board will be able to authorise drip-feed payments to a
claimant scheme in the form of repayable loans.

It will be up to the trustees of a scheme claiming compensation to recover the
assets. If the compensation board does not believe enough is being done, it has
the power to withhold any final compensation payment.

Minimum solvency requirements

Schemes will have to meet a minimum solvency requirement for the first time.
This will apply to all final salary schemes apart from unapproved schemes
offering benefits above Revenue limits and those backed by a guarantee offering
protection at least as good as the minimum solvency requirement.  This includes
local authority schemes.

A scheme's solvency will be based on the cash equivalent of benefits accrued
under the scheme calculated on the lines of the transfer values members would
get if they leave before retirement. This excludes discretionary benefits. The
Government has accepted proposals by the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries,
which would use equity yields as a basis for calculating cash equivalents for
younger people and gilt yields for calculating for those of retirement age.

Schemes will have five years to meet the required limits. Thereafter they will
have to have adequate funds for assets to match their liabilities or ensure the
scheme is funded to this level within three years. If funding falls below 90 per
cent, scheme managers will have to build the fund up to 90 per cent within three
months.

Solvency will be checked regularly, with actuarial reports every three years.
Annual solvency certificates must be provided in other years. Trustees will have
to keep proper books and records.

Member trustees and information for members

Scheme members will have the right to appoint one-third of the trustees on the
boards of all types of scheme.

There have to be at least two member trustees on all schemes with more than 100
members. But schemes whose trustee arrangements have the support of the members
(where the board is an independent corporate trustee and totally separate from
the employer, for instance) may be exempt.

Members will be able to ask for annual benefit statements and reports and
accounts.

Part 2. Equal treatment in occupational schemes:

Limited price indexation

Schemes will have to index pension rights earned after 1997 by 5 per cent or the
retail prices index, whichever is lower. This will apply to the whole pension,
not just the guaranteed part of it, as now, and will apply to all schemes not
just those contracted out of the state scheme.

Replacing the guaranteed minimum pension (GMP)

The Government is planning to break the link between guaranteed minimum pensions
paid to employees whose schemes are contracted out, and Serps.

Instead of having to pay benefits that partly mirror Serps if they contract out,
employers will have to meet a more general test of overall quality of the
benefits they provide. These benefits will be defined in legislation.

Part 3. Extending choice

The Government is to introduce a new system of age-related rebates, which will
make it better for older people to contract out of Serps into a personal
pension. This will replace the flat-rate system, which appeals more to younger
people.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Times Newspapers Limited


                              185 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                                 April 18, 2006

Mutual understanding.

BYLINE: Arnav Pandya

LENGTH: 1164 words



HIGHLIGHT: Analysis


The equity mutual fund juggernaut continued to roll in the last quarter of the
financial year '05-06. Absolute gains of 25% and above during the quarter were
common across various equity-diversified funds. The party was on as the equity
market kept hitting new highs. However, it is increasingly becoming a challenge
for fund managers to outperform the market.

Investors are putting increasing sums of money into equity-oriented mutual funds
even as the market zooms to higher levels. The collections for new fund
offerings are increasing. But a significant part of this amount also consists of
money that has been redeemed from other equity schemes and is, in effect, being
churned.

The last few months witnessed a change in the net impact as there were
significant net inflows into equity-oriented schemes. On the other hand, the
performance has been impressive which means that this is also boosting the
assets under management for the funds.

The ET Mutual Funds Quarterly powered by Lipper looks at the superior
risk-adjusted returns in order to check out the funds that are performing well
in the market. Risk-adjusted returns not only look at the earnings of the funds
but also at the risk measured through standard deviation. Therefore, one knows
the extent of risk being undertaken in order to earn the returns in the fund.

The overall list wears a new look with a lot of changes. There is also a new
scheme at the top of the return risk charts and this is HDFC Equity Fund. All
the top schemes have outperformed the BSE sensex over the last one year. HDFC
Equity Fund has been a steady performer for quite a few years. The absolute
performance has been very strong in the last couple of years and that is
responsible for the upward move on the return-risk charts. The return in the
last one year has been at 90%.

This is not much different from several of the other schemes that are in the top
15 list but a lower standard deviation of 5.19 has propelled it to the top. At
the end of February, the scheme had Rs 1,243 crore of assets under management.

Compare it with the Kotak Opportunities Fund which has managed a return of 102%
in the last one year. This is a good 12% higher than that of HDFC Equity Fund
but a higher standard deviation of 5.78 means that it has slipped into the
second spot by a mere whisker. This is because when rounded off to two digits
both the schemes end up with a return-risk score of 1.08.

In fact, this scheme had a negative period of only one month during the year
though the return during that period was - 7.8%. Most schemes have witnessed a
negative period of around two months in the year. The scheme had Rs 148 crore of
assets under management at the end of February '06.

The position of the standard deviation becomes even more important when one
considers the high-performing scheme from the SBI stable - SBI Global. The
scheme has a return of 103% in the past year. This is the second highest return
among the top schemes during this period but a high standard deviation has
pushed it downwards on the return-risk scale. If one looks at the three-year
performance of the scheme, then it has delivered a massive 737% for the
investors. The scheme has Rs 449 crore of assets under management at the end of
February '06.

It has been a very profitable time for schemes from SBI mutual funds during the
last year with three of its schemes making it to the top 15 list on the
return-risk scale. The other two schemes are Magnum Contra, which has been the
leader on these charts in the past and Magnum Multiplier Plus scheme.

SBI Magnum Contra, which topped the list in the last quarter, has slipped to the
fifth spot mainly on account of the fact that it has a slightly higher standard
deviation, which has pulled down the return-risk figure.

The one- year return from the scheme is till strong at 98%, but the high
standard deviation of 6.01 has meant that it has slipped down the rankings. It
is interesting to note that at the end of the last quarter too the scheme has a
similar standard deviation figure. The assets under management here were Rs 898
crore at the end of February '06.

One important point to note is that one-fourth of the top 15 schemes have been
in existence for less than two years. And, it is also interesting to take a look
at the corpus size of these schemes. The four schemes, which fall into this
category are Kotak Opportunities, HDFC Core & Satellite fund, Franklin India
Flexi Cap Fund and ING Vysya Domestic Opportunities. Only when a scheme has
completed one year can it enter the list because that is the figure that is used
to determine the return-risk figure in the calculations.

Except for Franklin Flexicap, which has an asset base of over Rs 2,700 crore,
all the remaining schemes have assets of less than Rs 550 crore. With more and
more new schemes collecting large sums from investors, it remains to be seen how
they manage to perform as well as retain investors. New schemes have delivered
performance.

But it must be remembered that these schemes have not witnessed tough times as
there has been a virtual one-way movement in the equity market during this
period and hence one is yet to test the situation when the tide turns in the
market.

The market has seen a shift in attention at regular intervals as large caps and
mid caps see bouts of rise followed by a cooling of interest. Among the schemes
devoted to the midcap space Sundaram Select Midcap is one scheme that is on the
top 15 list and it has shown the highest return of 31% among the top schemes in
the last three months. Investors would have doubled their money in this scheme
in the last one year, but a standard deviation of 5.92 has pushed it a bit
lower.

An important point to note here is that all the top schemes are very close
together in terms of the return-risk ratio and hence the difference separating
each of them is so small that a change of return about even 1% can alter their
positions. The scheme has around Rs 474 crore of assets under management.

On the three-month return scale SBI Contra has managed a performance of 29%
while another is Magnum Multiplier Plus has generated 28% returns. There are a
few other schemes with a 25-26% return figure in this period. On the lower side
however there is surprisingly the top placed HDFC Equity, which has generated
just 18.8% return in these three months along with a similar figure from BOB
Growth Fund.

HDFC Mutual Fund has also done quite well as it has three schemes in the top
mutual fund scheme list. The recently launched HDFC Core and Satellite Fund
scheme has shown a return of 94% in the last one year while the last quarterly
return was 26%. This has given it a return-risk ratio of 0.96 which is similar
to that of HDFC Top 200 that has an 83% return but a lower standard deviation at
5.6. The extent of the difference between the scheme can be gauged by the fact
that the top 15 schemes have a return-risk ratio of 0.9 and above with four
schemes with a similar 0.96 figure.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5106691

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5AKP

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                   Copyright 2006 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd.


                              186 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Farming Poll 2016:Poll's low level of satisfaction with TAMS is no surprise

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 1530 words


Farmers are most satisfied with the Basic Payment Scheme (BPS), with just under
7 in 10 satisfied with the replacement for the Single Farm Payment scheme (SFP).

Overall, satisfaction with all farm schemes has increased comapred to 2015
levels.

The low level of farmer satisfaction with TAMS is unsurprising, given the
ongoing delay with payments and approvals.

More than 7,000 applications have so far been submitted under the first three
tranches of TAMS II.

Considering the scheme was launched in 2015, to have less than half of the
applications processed and approved by mid-August 2016, is  catastrophic,
causing frustration amongst farmers, but also increasing the level of stress ,
according to Macra Na Feirme.

Macra say there is a great deal of confusion around the status of farmers  TAMS
II applications.

Irish farmers are anxious to commence the construction of various on-farm
projects, due to this being an ideal time of year to begin building .

Macra Ag Affairs committee chairperson, James Barber said:  Delays in the
building of on-farm projects, into the winter period, will increase the cost of
construction.

Come winter, construction becomes a lot harder, due to inclement weather
conditions.

Poor weather and poor ground conditions will result in farmers needing to
construct roadways to allow heavy machinery pass on land with minimal damage.

Added costs such as roadways aren t covered by the TAMS grant .

Satisfaction with TAMS is higher among those with larger farms, and is
relatively evenly split by age.

Tillage farmers are the least satisfied with TAMS, probably due to the initial
exclusion of a tillage scheme in TAMS.

A relatively large 40% of those surveyed were undecided on their level of
satisfaction with the scheme.

Basic Payment Scheme

Perhaps the most surprising finding is that the level of satisfaction with the
Basic Payment Scheme (BPS) has increased by 7% on 2015 levels to 69%, making it
the only scheme that more than 50% of farmers are satisfied with.

The strongest positivity with the scheme is among the 35-54 age group, and among
farmers with larger holdings.

Tillage farmers are the least satisfied, at 62%, with livestock farmers the most
satisfied, at 71%.

The lower satisfaction among tillage farmers is probably linked to the impact of
greening  on their operations.

This includes diversification which forces tillage farmers to have up to three
different crops on rented land, multiplying travel back and forth to rented land
by three.

Smaller farmers are less satisfied with the BPS, with 54% of those with less
than 40 acres satisfied with the scheme, compared to 74% of those with more than
120 acres.

Overall, only 20% of those surveyed are dissatisfied with the scheme, and just
11%  don t know  their level of satisfaction.

The Basic Payment Scheme was meant to reduce the level of red tape and the
complexity of the scheme, to reduce errors and cut the time spent on paper work.

But the scheme is still very complex.

It s unlikely that the increase in satisfaction with the scheme is entirely due
to reduced red tape.

Perhaps convergence is what has farmers satisfied.

Farmers who had low value entitlements prior to 2015 will see a gradual increase
in the value of their entitlements up to 2019.

This process, known as internal convergence, is designed to ensure a fairer
distribution of CAP funding.

However, it is the smaller farmers, who for the most part will gain from
convergence, that report the lower level of satisfaction in the poll.

Perhaps they see the gain from convergence as too small to make a real
difference, or their dissatisfaction could even be due to longstanding
unhappiness with the BPS and its SFP predecessor.

Greening

While 44% of all farmers are satisfied with  Greening , one third of tillage
farmers are dissatisfied with this scheme.

Just under one third (32%) of all farmers are  Greening   don t knows , which is
down from 44% last year.

Livestock farmers are most satisfied with the scheme (46%) followed by dairy
farmers (44%) probably due to the fact that  Greening  could be viewed as money
for nothing for most livestock farmers, as they are  green  by definition and
are not required to take any extra action.

It s unsurprising that the satisfaction level is lowest among tillage farmers,
as they have to sow a number of different crops that they may not normally sow,
and also have to comply with area restrictions for the crops they sow.

GLAS

In the Irish Examiner ICMSA farming poll, 43% of all farmers are satisfied with
GLAS, up 6% from last year, while a third (32%) were unable to rate their
satisfaction level.

Support for the scheme is strongest among the middle aged and those working
larger farms, while dairy farmers are the least satisfied with the scheme.

Increasing farmer satisfaction in the scheme may have been helped by the recent
extension of deadlines for sowing catch crops.

The third of those surveyed who are undecided about GLAS may still be waiting on
their first full year s payment before they make up their mind on the scheme.

Any farmer who took part in previous agri-environmental schemes such as REPS
would most likely be less satisfied with GLAS, due to the lower payment level,
and the perception that there is more work to be carried out under GLAS to get
the maximum payment.

Dairy farmers  dissatisfaction with the scheme is somewhat unsurprising, as they
have viewed a lot of the actions of the scheme as unworkable in intensive dairy
systems.

Knowledge Transfer

Overall, two in five (40%) of all farmers surveyed are either very or broadly
satisfied with the Knowledge Transfer Group Scheme, which is an increase of 8%
from last year, the largest increase in satisfaction for any scheme.

However, it remains only marginally (2%) more popular than TAMS, the least
popular of the six schemes which 526 farmers were asked about in the poll s
face-to-face interviews.

The low level of satisfaction is reflected in the number of farmers
participating in the scheme.

Uptake of the scheme has fallen short of expectations, due to what the IFA says
are  the complex and rigid rules imposed, as well as the requirements for
farmers to incur additional costs .

The 38% of those surveyed who did not know their level of satisfaction with the
scheme may reflect its complexity.

Or this fairly large  don t know  group may indicate that participants need more
time to fully assess the scheme, with many groups still currently being approved
and getting under way.

According to IFA Rural Development Chairman, Joe Brady, only around 20,000
farmers are partaking in the Knowledge Transfer scheme, which is well short of
the intended 27,000.

The poll shows those with larger farms are the most likely to be satisfied with
the Knowledge Transfer Group Scheme, while tillage farmers are least satisfied.

Larger farmers, likely to have a second farming enterprise, can participate in a
second discussion group, thus increasing their payment from the scheme, and
their technical knowledge.

BDGP

Just under half (46%) of livestock farmers are happy with the Beef Data and
Genomics Programme (BDGP).

Younger farmers are less likely to be happy with the scheme.

The level of satisfaction with the scheme is surprisingly high, given the recent
confusion over letters issued by the Department of Agriculture to participants
in the scheme seeking outstanding data and/or genotype samples.

And there were reports of farmer anger over some of their  top  cows receiving
only a 2 or 3 star rating on the replacement index.

It would be interesting to see how the level of satisfaction in the scheme
changes over the next few weeks, as participants receive their genomic  uro-Star
reports, which include the results of genomic evaluations of animals that were
genotyped as part of the scheme.

Farmers may be forced to buy heifers of high replacement index value in order to
comply with the terms and conditions of the scheme, if genomic results impact
negatively on their cows.

One third of livestock farmers surveyed in the poll  don t know  their level of
satisfaction with the scheme, many of whom may be awaiting their genomic
uro-Star report before making up their mind on the scheme.

Almost 80% of the 526 farmers surveyed in the Irish Examiner ICMSA farming poll
feel that the Department of Agriculture is too strict in implementing EU
legislation.

Those with larger farms are more in agreement with this view than those working
smaller holdings.

Like last year, agreement that the Department is too strict appears to
strengthen with age. This may be due to younger more educated farmers being
better able to deal with the bureaucracy of modern day farming.

At agricultural shows in the second half of August, 526 farm dwellers were
interviewed face-to-face for the Irish Examiner ICMSA farming poll.

81% were livestock/cattle farmers; 40% were dairy farmers; 14% had a tillage
farm; 71% of the livestock/cattle farmers had less than 40 acres, with 67%
farming between 40 and 80 acres.

Of the dairy farmers surveyed, 40% are farming more than 40 acres, with another
40% farming between 80 and 120 acres.

READ MORE: The Irish Examiner / ICMSA farming survey: Methodology

Find more on the Irish Examiner ICMSA farming survey HERE

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: 103 uplift schemes approved in six months

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 2 -- THE Punjab government, in the light of Chief Minister's
vision, approved 103 development schemes of various development sectors during
its last six months from 1st of July to 31st of December 2013 of the current
fiscal year 2013-14 at an estimated cost of Rs. 163876.727 million.

According to a Spokesman for the Planning and Development Department, a report
revealed that net size of the development budget in Punjab province is 240
billion. The twenty-two meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were
conducted by the P&D during its last six months of the current financial year
under the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. Secretary
P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government departments and other officials concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab Development Forum, during its last
six-month meetings, approved the total numbers of 103 development schemes of the
22 development sectors.

According to a half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of Rs.
53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs. 245.882 million for
five schemes of Energy Sector, Rs. 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health
Sector, Rs. 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Programme Sector, Rs.
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs. 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs. 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education
Sector, Rs. 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for
two schemes of Planning and Development Sector, Rs. 2827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector,
Rs. 13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383
million for scheme of Archaeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH
Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs. 2.000 million
for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture
Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416 million for two
schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for scheme of
Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 uplift schemes approved in six months

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


THE Punjab government, in the light of Chief Minister's vision, approved 103
development schemes of various development sectors during its last six months
from 1st of July to 31st of December 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14 at
an estimated cost of Rs. 163876.727 million.



According to a Spokesman for the Planning and Development Department, a report
revealed that net size of the development budget in Punjab province is 240
billion. The twenty-two meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were
conducted by the P&D during its last six months of the current financial year
under the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. Secretary
P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government departments and other officials concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab Development Forum, during its last
six-month meetings, approved the total numbers of 103 development schemes of the
22 development sectors.

According to a half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of Rs.
53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs. 245.882 million for
five schemes of Energy Sector, Rs. 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health
Sector, Rs. 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Programme Sector, Rs.
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs. 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs. 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education
Sector, Rs. 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for
two schemes of Planning and Development Sector, Rs. 2827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector,
Rs. 13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383
million for scheme of Archaeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH
Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs. 2.000 million
for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture
Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416 million for two
schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for scheme of
Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

103 uplift schemes approved in six months

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


THE Punjab government, in the light of Chief Minister's vision, approved 103
development schemes of various development sectors during its last six months
from 1st of July to 31st of December 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14 at
an estimated cost of Rs. 163876.727 million.



According to a Spokesman for the Planning and Development Department, a report
revealed that net size of the development budget in Punjab province is 240
billion. The twenty-two meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were
conducted by the P&D during its last six months of the current financial year
under the chairmanship of Muhammad Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. Secretary
P&D Arif Anwar Baloch, Members P&D Board, Sector Chiefs, all senior
representatives of government departments and other officials concerned
participated in these meetings. The Punjab Development Forum, during its last
six-month meetings, approved the total numbers of 103 development schemes of the
22 development sectors.

According to a half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of Rs.
53885.715 million for 38 schemes of Road Sector, worth Rs. 245.882 million for
five schemes of Energy Sector, Rs. 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health
Sector, Rs. 5501.858 million for two schemes of District Programme Sector, Rs.
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector, Rs. 4.500 million for
scheme of Consultancy Sector, Rs. 4745.165 million for four schemes of Education
Sector, Rs. 210.987 million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for
two schemes of Planning and Development Sector, Rs. 2827.950 million for three
schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs. 1428.311 million for scheme of Information
Technology Sector, Rs. 1773.108 million for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector,
Rs. 13475.929 million for six schemes of Urban Development Sector, Rs. 3.383
million for scheme of Archaeology Sector, Rs. 60.00 million for scheme of
Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH
Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs. 2.000 million
for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for two schemes of Agriculture
Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416 million for two
schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for scheme of
Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      December 30, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Minister of State for Textiles Panabaaka Lakshmi replies to a query on 'Handloom
Schemes'

LENGTH: 491  words


Minister of State for Textiles Panabaaka Lakshmi replies to a query on 'Handloom
Schemes' raised by Ganesh Singh on Dec. 9, 2013.

Question (Starred; # 690):



(a) The details of the schemes being implemented by the Government for the
development of handloom sector and handloom weavers along with the funds
allocated/released and utilized under various schemes during the last three
years and the current year, scheme/State-wise and the steps taken to ensure
optimum utilization of funds across the country;

(b) Whether the Government has made evaluation of each of the said schemes in
the country; and

(c) If so, the details thereof along with shortcomings found in the said schemes
and follow-up remedial measures taken/proposed to be taken in this regard.

Answer

(a) For overall and holistic development of handloom sector and welfare of
handloom weavers, the Government of India during the 11th plan five year Plan
and 2012-13, had been implementing six schemes which are (i) Integrated
Handlooms Development Scheme (IHDS) (ii) Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare
Scheme (HWCWS) (iii) Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme (MEPS) (iv)
Diversified Handloom Development Scheme (DHDS) (v) Mill Gate Price Scheme (MGPS)
and (vi) Revival Reforms and Restructuring (RRR) Package. During 2013-14, IHDS,
MGPS and DHDS have been merged into Comprehensive Handlooms Development Scheme
(CHDS) and Government is implementing CHDS alongwith other 3 schemes implemented
during 11th plan.

The scheme-wise funds allocated and released during last three years and current
year upto 30.11.13 is given at annexure-I. The State-wise funds have been
released under Integrated Handlooms Development Scheme and Marketing & Export
Promotion Scheme only and in other schemes, funds are released to implementing
agency(s) directly. The State-wise funds released under IHDS and MEPS during
last three years and current year is given in Annexure-II.

The scheme are being implemented and monitored by the State Governments through
their field offices. To ensure optimum utilization of fund, the schemes are
being monitored by senior officers of the Ministry of Textiles and Development
Commissioner for Handlooms through regular filed visits from time to time
besides regular review meeting(s) conducted with officials of State Directorate
of Handlooms and implementing agencies

(b) & (c): The Government of India during the 11th five year plan, implemented 6
schemes for the development of handloom sector and welfare of handloom weavers.
Though, no adverse report/ shortcoming were reported in implementation of the
schemes, the Government of India initiated and awarded evaluation study to the
independent consultancy organizations for these schemes to further strengthen
the handlooms sector. Based on the suggestions of the evaluation studies, the
scheme of 12th Plan have been suitably modified.

Annexure can be viewed at http://164.100.47.132/Annexture/lsq15/15/au690.htm

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

KPK's ADP budget swells by 17pc

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 112

LENGTH: 704  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government set aside Rs118 billion for the Annual
Development Programme (ADP) for fiscal year 2013-14, showing 17 per cent
increase against the outgoing fiscal year.

According to budget documents, Rs118 billion ABP will include provincial share
of Rs83,000 million, total foreign assistance Rs35000 million, Rs30,698.280
million and loans 4,304.720 million.

The ADP comprises 983 projects, with 609 ongoing and 374 new, while 12 per cent
increase in local component of ADP, 51 per cent increase in foreign assistance
of which about 88 per cent is grant.

Moreover, allocation of Rs162 million for welfare budget that was seven per cent
more than the outgoing fiscal year. Rs633 million proposed for administrative
budget for upcoming fiscal year, registering an increase of 14 per cent of the
current fiscal year.

Formulated on the basis of priorities of the development departments solicited
under the Comprehensive Development Strategy and Economic Growth Strategy, the
ADP envisages substantial allocations for all the development sectors.

The most allocations have estimated for ongoing development schemes, which aimed
to immediately complete various projects in the province. The economic growth
rate would be enhanced at seven per cent rate within three years to create the
required number of jobs and to keep unemployment at within acceptable level.

A sum of Rs1,532.204 million has been set a side for agriculture in ADP to
complete total of 51 schemes, including 35 ongoing and 16 news schemes.
Rs106.000 has earmarked for Auqaf, for more than 14 schemes, including two
ongoing and 14 new projects.

For building, Rs1215.655million has been allocated for 36 development schemes,
including 32 ongoing and four new projects, while for district ADP Rs1672.330
has been earmarked for a single new scheme. The Drinking Water and Sanitation
Department will get Rs3261.756million for ten ongoing and tens new schemes.

A sum of Rs8107.140 million has been allocated for E&SE Department to complete
41 ongoing and 59 new development schemes. For energy and Power sector,
Rs1,417.881 million has been earmarked for 16 ongoing and 28 new schemes. The
Department of Environment will get share in ADP Rs 56.999million for nine
ongoing and two new schemes while Rs3886.293million has been estimated for 10
ongoing and 10 new schemes in the Department of Finance.

Apart from, Rs500.233 million has been allocated for the Food Department's six
ongoing and two new schemes, while a sum of Rs569.459million has been set a side
for 32 ongoing and 14 new schemes in Forestry.

The Department of Health will get big chunk of Rs7,998.077 million in share in
ADP for 62 ongoing schemes and 36 new development schemes. Rs5722.546million has
been earmarked for Higher Education's 20 ongoing and 18 new schemes. The Home
Department will get Rs3,702.967million, Rs949.001million eight ongoing and one
new schemes of the Department of Housing, while Rs3237.586 million for Industry
Department's 41 ongoing and 30 new development schemes.

A sum of Rs210.538million has been provided for four ongoing and four new
schemes in the Department of Information, while Rs22.500 million has been
allocated for three new schemes in Department of Labour. Rs586.499million has
been estimated for seven ongoing and eight new schemes in Mines and Mineral,
while Rs14759.621 million has been allocated for Regional Development for 16
ongoing and 23 new schemes.

Likewise, Rs224.801 has been set a side for four ongoing and two new development
schemes for Population Welfare, Rs1447.435million for Relief and Rehabilitation,
A sum of Rs10,258.329 million has been set aside for 74 ongoing and 33 new
schemes of roads development, while Rs492.805million has been earmarked for 21
ongoing and 10 new development schemes in the Department of Social Welfare.
Rs871.000 has been allocated for 23 ongoing and 16 new schemes in Sports and
Tourism while ST and IT would get Rs571.150million for 21 ongoing and six new
development schemes.

Likewise, Rs4692.092million has been allocated for nine ongoing and 11 new
schemes of Urban Development department, while Rs3138.293 million would go to
the Welfare Department for 52 ongoing and 38 new development schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: Rs151bn ADP funds spent

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 3 -- The Punjab government has approved funds worth Rs151 billion
for various development sectors of the economy during the last six months of the
current fiscal year against a total volume of the development programme of Rs210
billion.

According to a half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department here on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme
(ADP) 2012-13 was Rs210 billion out of which a sum of Rs151 billion has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of 21 development sectors of
the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings presided over by P&D Chairman
Javed Aslam.

According to details, the provincial development forum has approved from July to
December 2012 funds to the tune of Rs2.645 billion for four schemes of the
agriculture sector; a sum of Rs10.06 billion for six schemes of the education
sector; Rs3.03 billion for two schemes of the literacy sector; Rs19.50 billion
for 11 schemes of the health sector; an amount of Rs92.367 million for one
scheme of the mines and minerals sector.

A sum of Rs620.845 million was approved for four schemes of the archaeology
sector; Rs1.513 billion for one scheme of the youth affairs sector; Rs290.500
million for one scheme of the information and culture sector; Rs1.693 billion
for three schemes of the special infrastructure sector.

Funds to the tune of Rs42.135 billion were approved for 49 schemes of the roads
sector; Rs12.532 billion for 11 schemes of the irrigation sector; Rs2.896
billion for two schemes of the energy sector; Rs6.524 billion for eight schemes
of the public buildings sector.

A sum of Rs1.539 billion was approved for six schemes of the urban development
sector; Rs460.529 million for one scheme of the district programme; Rs1.594
billion for three schemes of the regional planning sector; Rs42.730 billion for
14 schemes of the transport sector; Rs567.483 million for three schemes of the
P&D sector and Rs1.084 billion for two schemes of the Auqaf sector.

One scheme of DERA sector worth Rs2.331 million and another scheme relating to
consultancy sector worth Rs1.200 million were also approved in the PDWP meetings
conducted by the Punjab P&D Department Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday

Rs151bn ADP funds spent

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government has approved funds worth Rs151 billion for various
development sectors of the economy during the last six months of the current
fiscal year against a total volume of the development programme of Rs210
billion.

According to a half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department here on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme
(ADP) 2012-13 was Rs210 billion out of which a sum of Rs151 billion has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of 21 development sectors of
the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings presided over by P&D Chairman
Javed Aslam.

According to details, the provincial development forum has approved from July to
December 2012 funds to the tune of Rs2.645 billion for four schemes of the
agriculture sector; a sum of Rs10.06 billion for six schemes of the education
sector; Rs3.03 billion for two schemes of the literacy sector; Rs19.50 billion
for 11 schemes of the health sector; an amount of Rs92.367 million for one
scheme of the mines and minerals sector.

A sum of Rs620.845 million was approved for four schemes of the archaeology
sector; Rs1.513 billion for one scheme of the youth affairs sector; Rs290.500
million for one scheme of the information and culture sector; Rs1.693 billion
for three schemes of the special infrastructure sector.

Funds to the tune of Rs42.135 billion were approved for 49 schemes of the roads
sector; Rs12.532 billion for 11 schemes of the irrigation sector; Rs2.896
billion for two schemes of the energy sector; Rs6.524 billion for eight schemes
of the public buildings sector.

A sum of Rs1.539 billion was approved for six schemes of the urban development
sector; Rs460.529 million for one scheme of the district programme; Rs1.594
billion for three schemes of the regional planning sector; Rs42.730 billion for
14 schemes of the transport sector; Rs567.483 million for three schemes of the
P&D sector and Rs1.084 billion for two schemes of the Auqaf sector.

One scheme of DERA sector worth Rs2.331 million and another scheme relating to
consultancy sector worth Rs1.200 million were also approved in the PDWP meetings
conducted by the Punjab P&D Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Rs151bn ADP funds spent

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 1

LENGTH: 365  words


The Punjab government has approved funds worth Rs151 billion for various
development sectors of the economy during the last six months of the current
fiscal year against a total volume of the development programme of Rs210
billion.

According to a half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department here on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme
(ADP) 2012-13 was Rs210 billion out of which a sum of Rs151 billion has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of 21 development sectors of
the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings presided over by P&D Chairman
Javed Aslam.

According to details, the provincial development forum has approved from July to
December 2012 funds to the tune of Rs2.645 billion for four schemes of the
agriculture sector; a sum of Rs10.06 billion for six schemes of the education
sector; Rs3.03 billion for two schemes of the literacy sector; Rs19.50 billion
for 11 schemes of the health sector; an amount of Rs92.367 million for one
scheme of the mines and minerals sector.

A sum of Rs620.845 million was approved for four schemes of the archaeology
sector; Rs1.513 billion for one scheme of the youth affairs sector; Rs290.500
million for one scheme of the information and culture sector; Rs1.693 billion
for three schemes of the special infrastructure sector.

Funds to the tune of Rs42.135 billion were approved for 49 schemes of the roads
sector; Rs12.532 billion for 11 schemes of the irrigation sector; Rs2.896
billion for two schemes of the energy sector; Rs6.524 billion for eight schemes
of the public buildings sector.

A sum of Rs1.539 billion was approved for six schemes of the urban development
sector; Rs460.529 million for one scheme of the district programme; Rs1.594
billion for three schemes of the regional planning sector; Rs42.730 billion for
14 schemes of the transport sector; Rs567.483 million for three schemes of the
P&D sector and Rs1.084 billion for two schemes of the Auqaf sector.

One scheme of DERA sector worth Rs2.331 million and another scheme relating to
consultancy sector worth Rs1.200 million were also approved in the PDWP meetings
conducted by the Punjab P&D Department.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 01, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Use your medical scheme's appointed provider or pay more;
Medical schemes appoint designated service providers (DSPs) to reduce benefit
costs, thereby keeping members' contributions affordable. But, as Laura du Preez
reports, you may pay a price for exercising your freedom to be treated by the
doctor of your choice.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 987 words


You could benefit if your medical scheme expects you to use a designated
service|provider (DSP), but be careful if you use a doctor of your choice,
because some schemes will apply punitive co-payments.

Medical schemes increasingly expect you to access your benefits through their
DSPs: the doctors, hospitals, pharmacists and other healthcare providers with
whom the scheme has entered into an agreement. The aim of these arrangements is
to contain the contributions you pay.

However, there may be times when you want to use a provider who is not one of
the scheme's DSPs. In these cases, you may find that your scheme will not simply
expect you to pay the difference between what the provider you chose charged and
what the DSP would have charged, but will instead impose a harsh co-payment.

Some schemes apply co-payments as high as 40 percent on expensive chemotherapy
medicines prescribed by oncologists who are not part of the scheme's oncology
DSP network.

Some schemes are effectively denying you the right to continuity of care with
your existing provider by imposing co-payments on providers' services and the
medicines the providers prescribe.

In terms of the Medical Schemes Act, schemes are also entitled to appoint DSPs
that you must use in all but exceptional cases to access the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs), which are benefits that all schemes must by law provide.

The PMBs cover emergencies, a number of conditions that if left untreated would
severely affect the quality of your life and 27 common chronic conditions.

Medical schemes must name their DSPs in their rules. If you choose to use a
non-DSP, the scheme has the right to impose a co-payment. The co-payment must
also be detailed in the scheme's rules, and the co-payment may not be 100
percent of the bill.

Oncologists who chose not to be part of a nationwide oncology network that many
schemes have appointed as a DSP are|outraged that when members use their
services, rather than those of a DSP oncologist, the members face co-payments on
the medicines they prescribe.

In some cases, non-DSP oncologists have agreed to charge discounted rates in a
bid to avoid additional payments for members, but this is not always a solution
because the scheme automatically imposes a co-payment on whatever the doctor
bills.

Medshield, a large open medical scheme, Medipos, a restricted scheme for Post
Office employees, and Transmed, the restricted scheme for Transnet employees,
have all appointed the Independent|Clinical Oncology Network (Icon) as their DSP
for oncology benefits.

Medshield members have been told they will pay a co-payment of 40 percent if
they do not use Icon oncologists. Medipos has a co-payment of 25 percent and
Transmed has a co-payment of 20 percent.

Non-Icon oncologists complain that all three schemes' co-payments also apply to
the medicines they prescribe.

Petrus Wasserman, Transmed's principal officer, confirmed that the co-payment
applies to medicines, but Francina Mosoeu, Medipos's principal officer, denied
that Medipos applies a co-payment to medicines. She says the scheme will approve
the prescribed medicines if they are the same as those that the DSP would
prescribe.

In September last year, Medipos members were informed that the scheme would
continue to pay for their current oncology treatment plan until it came to an
end or until March 31 this year, whichever was earlier.

One oncologist who is not part of Icon complained to the Council for Medical
Schemes and informed the South African Oncology Consortium that he has been
treating an 84-year-old Medipos member for prostate cancer since 1995, and that
the member was "extremely distressed" about having to change to a new oncologist
to avoid the co-payment.

Medshield members have been informed that they can continue with their current
treatment plans until these need to be renewed. They must then either consult an
Icon oncologist or face a co-payment.

A Medshield member's non-DSP oncologist offered to discount his rates by 40
percent, but the scheme told her doctor that it would automatically impose the
co-payment on whatever the doctor billed.

Duduza Khosana, Medshield's principal officer, says co-payments cannot be
waived, because the scheme needs to protect members against providers who bill
the scheme at the required rate and then claim the balance from the members. DSP
providers agree not to bill members in this way, a practice known as split
billing.

Khosana also says that when providers discount on a case-by-case basis, they
have no commitment to help the scheme manage its costs.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says if you consult a
non-DSP doctor, this service and the|prescribed medicines may attract a
co-payment unless the scheme has a DSP for|medicines and you use that DSP.

If a scheme has a formulary, or a list of cost-effective medicines, and a
non-DSP doctor prescribes medicines that are on the formulary, the member can
still be made to pay the co-payment if he or she obtains the medicines from a
non-DSP, he says.

The registrar says the co-payment is imposed purely because you choose to use a
non-DSP.

The PMB regulations limit co-payments to where you use non-DSPs voluntarily -
that is, you could have obtained both the prescription and the medicines from a
DSP to avoid the co-payment, Gantsho says.

Dr Leon Gouws, a founder of Icon, says co-payments ensure that members use the
DSP and so that oncologists who are contracted to the DSP treat a larger number
of patients to compensate them for the discounted rate they charge the scheme.

Gantsho says if a scheme intends to appoint or change its DSP during the year,
it must communicate this to members beforehand and must implement interim
arrangements to accommodate patients who are already receiving treatment from a
non-DSP. The scheme must also not penalise patients for using their existing
doctor for "a reasonable period of time after the change".

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 09, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes outraged as regulator tries to enforce PMB compliance

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 587 words


The Council for Medical Schemes this week instructed all medical scheme
administrators and self-administered medical schemes to declare to the council
whether or not they are complying with its interpretation of the law and paying
prescribed minimum benefit (PMB) claims at full invoice cost.

The move angered medical schemes represented by the Board of Healthcare Funders
(BHF), which has launched a court application that seeks clarification of the
meaning of the regulation under the Medical Schemes Act that states that medical
schemes must pay PMB claims in full.

The BHF has lodged an appeal against the council's instruction. Humphrey Zokufa,
the BHF's managing director, says in a letter to the council that the BHF
expected the council to await the outcome of the BHF's application to the
Pretoria High Court.

The dispute over the meaning of the regulation that says that PMB claims must be
paid in full escalated in late 2008, when the Council for Medical Schemes'
Appeal Board stated in two cases that the regulation means that schemes must pay
whatever doctors charge for PMBs. The council has since been enforcing this
interpretation of the regulation.

The BHF says the council's interpretation gives healthcare providers a blank
cheque to charge as much as they like for PMBs, because they know that your
scheme is obliged to pay.

The BHF says that if the council's interpretation prevails, providers will no
longer contract with schemes and will charge more than they do now for PMBs,
with significant negative financial implications for schemes.

In its court application, the BHF cites an analysis by one administrator of what
could happen. This analysis shows that if all healthcare providers charged the
current top-end rate (300 percent of the rates based on the former guideline
tariffs), the administrator's schemes would need to increase their contributions
by 18 percent.

The BHF expects its court application to be heard in May or June. Papers filed
recently reveal some of its key arguments.

The BHF argues that the Medical Schemes Act states that schemes may not pay
anything other than the benefits payable in terms of the rules of the scheme. If
there is no provision in the rules to pay a healthcare provider in full, the
Minister of Health cannot by way of regulation compel schemes to pay in
contravention of the Act, the BHF says in its court papers.

The Act also states, the BHF argues, that the rules of a medical scheme are
binding on the scheme, its officers and on any person who claims any benefit
under the rules. The BHF says this means that service providers are also bound
by a scheme's rules.

In its replying papers, the Council for Medical Schemes says that if schemes
contend that their rules are required to conform only to the Act and not the
regulations, the Minister of Health's power to make regulations will become
redundant.

It says if schemes curtail the rights of members to require full payment of the
PMBs, this will effectively nullify members' rights to receive basic private
healthcare benefits, because members would be required to carry some or all of
the costs of the PMBs, making them prohibitively more expensive.

The council also says that the BHF does not have locus standi to bring the case,
because it is not itself a medical scheme.

In their papers, the Hospital Association of South Africa, ER24 and National
Renal Care argue that if schemes are expected to pay PMBs only at scheme
tariffs, schemes would be able to determine healthcare providers' tariffs for
them.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 09, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes |can do more to save you money - survey;
A recent survey of medical schemes, members and employers suggests that schemes,
in using methods such as disease management and wellness programmes to reduce
costs, aren't actually saving you much, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1229 words


Survey data suggest that medical schemes can do more to contain costs for you,
the member, a healthcare actuary says. However, when schemes do take steps to
contain costs, it generally results in greater inconvenience to you.

Old Mutual Actuaries & Consultants (Omac) recently surveyed employers, medical
schemes, scheme members and scheme brokers to determine trends in the funding of
health care. The survey found that members complain about rising costs and
decreasing benefits, while schemes face rising costs and deteriorating risk
pools, Margaret Hulme, the head of healthcare consulting |at Omac, says.

The results of the survey indicate that schemes can do more to contain costs
that are passed on to you in the form of higher contributions, she says.

The survey also found that members do not make use of some of the measures
implemented by schemes to contain costs and that members view some of these
measures negatively, Hulme says.

Schemes, employers, members and brokers interviewed for the survey all cited
containing the rising costs of health care as a key consideration in healthcare
funding.

The survey found that traditional managed care measures used by schemes to
control costs - such as requiring hospital pre-authorisation and hospital case
management - need to be maintained, but they no longer bring about additional
|savings from one year to the next.

In particular, the schemes |interviewed for the survey reported that disease
management programmes, such as those that seek |to ensure members who have an
|illness such as diabetes are aware that they must have certain tests and
treatment, and wellness programmes, that seek to test for health problems and
detect illnesses at an early stage, do not add significant value.

Despite this, there has been a huge increase in the number of schemes that use
disease management programmes. These programmes are used by 91 percent of the
closed schemes and 88 percent of the open schemes surveyed, as opposed to only
26 percent of the schemes surveyed by Old Mutual in 2005.

Only about half of the schemes surveyed buy chronic medicines for their members
in bulk from a single provider (centralised buying) to control costs. Half of
the open schemes and hardly any closed schemes use centralised buying for other
healthcare services, such as medical appliances and optometry benefits.

In addition, only half of the open schemes, and far fewer closed schemes, use
risk-sharing arrangements with hospitals. These arrangements involve setting a
|fee per member to cover all |members for certain procedures or agreeing on a
set fee per member for all hospitalisation.

Risk sharing arrangements with specialists - where specialists agree to treat a
scheme's members for a set fee - have proved difficult to implement and are
therefore not widely used as a managed care technique.

Managing sick members

The degree of risk a scheme faces, and hence the claims it faces, is directly
correlated to the level of chronic illness among its members, the survey says.

Data submitted in 2006 to test the proposed Risk Equalisation Fund for medical
schemes found huge differences in the average cost to schemes between
beneficiaries (members and their dependants) who have chronic illnesses and
those who do not, Hulme says.

Data from four different administrators showed that the claims of a beneficiary
with no chronic illness cost these schemes on average R318 a month, whereas a
beneficiary with just one chronic illness (as listed as a prescribed minimum
benefit, or PMB) costs schemes on average nearly four times as much: R1 245 a
month. The cost rises with each additional PMB chronic illness, to R2 618 a
month for members with four chronic illnesses. This is eight times the cost of a
beneficiary without any chronic illnesses, Hulme says.

In interviews with 10 medical schemes, Omac found that their biggest problem
with managing chronically sick members is the members' failure to take their
chronic medicines consistently as prescribed and the lack of co-ordination of
care. Schemes need to ensure that doctors manage members with chronic illnesses
in a synchronised way in conjunction with other parties, such as a screening
clinic at a retail pharmacy or a nurse at a managed care company, Hulme says.

Most disease management programmes have limited impact because of the way they
communicate with members. Communication is generally paper-based, requiring the
completion of forms, or involves telephone calls from a nurse or other managed
care company employee, she says.

Very few disease management programmes make use of healthcare providers to
ensure that you have the necessary check-ups or tests or the treatment your
check-ups or tests suggest you need, and this is why they fail, Hulme says.

Omac consulting actuary Jan Howell says that members are more likely to listen
to their doctors than to a call centre agent from a managed care company.

HIV/Aids management programmes implemented by medical schemes, in contrast to
other disease management programmes, have been highly successful, because they
have involved the total care of the patient and have included all providers, the
survey says.

Hulme says schemes surveyed also reported that wellness programmes, which are
widely used by open medical schemes, add little value because of low uptake and
use of the benefits by members.

Over a recent six-month period only 57 beneficiaries out of 14 000 people
covered by a particular scheme made use of screening tests at a pharmacy. These
tests were for blood pressure, glucose levels, cholesterol and body mass index
and were paid for by the scheme.

Again, very few wellness programmes involve healthcare providers, and this is
the reason for their low uptake, Hulme says.

In addition, she says, none of the schemes surveyed makes use |of the biometric
data from screening tests that members are required to have as part of their
treatment plans for managing their conditions.

If this data were recorded on a database of members with chronic illnesses and
there was permission to share it with parties such as the treating specialist
and the managed care company, the information could be used to ensure that
members are given the required treatment, including changes in their medication.
Healthcare problems would be detected through the screening tests.

Hulme says a stitch in time saves nine, and the early detection of health
problems in this way could save the costs of more expensive treatment that would
be required if the problems were left to become more severe.

risk pools must improve

The survey also suggests that schemes need to attract younger and healthier
members to improve their risk pools and increase cross-subsidies to older,
sicker members.

To do this, Hulme says, schemes should try to educate all their members,
preferably with effective face-to-face communication, to appreciate the value of
their PMB entitlements - even for the currently healthy member, who could have
an accident or be diagnosed with a life-threatening disease the next day.

Schemes should also use the tools mentioned - such as appropriate treatment
protocols, designated service providers (DSPs), and formularies - to have better
control over PMB costs. Schemes that |manage to achieve both these goals should
be able to attract and retain younger members and be better able to control the
increases in members' contributions.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            December 6, 1998, Sunday

Personal Finance: Love them and leave them?; Vivienne Starkey on the pros and
cons of transferring pensions

BYLINE: Vivienne Starkey

SECTION: BUSINESS; Page 20

LENGTH: 901 words


ALMOST all of us will change jobs several times during our working lives, go
part-time or become self-employed. The more complicated our work patterns, the
greater the number of pensions we leave behind, having paid in for a few years.
You can either leave your old pensions to grow, or you can cash in the proceeds
and stick the money into your current pension plan.

How do you know when to stick and when to switch? There is no magic formula but
there are several things to consider that may make your decision easier.

Public-sector employees may find their employer belongs to a Transfer Club that
allows benefits to move between various schemes without penalty.  For the rest
of us transfers of benefits can rarely be made without some cost. So you need to
find out whether you can justify a transfer because the benefits will add up to
more than the cost of moving your money.

Start by considering what your new employer might be offering. Having read the
pension scheme handbook (see box for definition of different pension schemes)
you should know what commitment your employer is making.  In most cases you will
probably be better off joining the scheme.

Now, what have you left behind? Look at your documents and find out.  It will be
a final salary scheme, a final salary scheme plus AVC, a final salary scheme
plus free-standing additional voluntary contributions (FSAVC), a money purchase,
a money purchase plus AVC, a money purchase plus FSAVC, or personal pension
plan.

It is a good idea to get professional advice to make sure you make the right
decision about whether to move your money or leave it where it is to grow. You
should start by speaking to the person in charge of the pension scheme at your
new place of work. To prepare, work out which of these categories you fit into -
don't worry if none of them seem right; not everyone can be pigeonholed. You may
also want to see an independent financial adviser who specialises in pension
planning.

Old final salary scheme to new final salary scheme. You will have been given a
statement by your previous employer showing what your future benefits may be at
retirement along with a transfer value. The trustees of the new scheme will be
able to show you the possible benefits that this transfer value will buy you in
their scheme.

Before making a decision, you will need to take into consideration how long you
hope to stay with the new company, what your future salary increases may be, and
the contributions you will be making.

Final salary scheme to group money purchase. Here you will be leaving a scheme
that offers clearly defined benefits at retirement for one that does not. If you
are thinking about moving your transfer value into the money purchase scheme be
very cautious. Remember, the amount you get at retirement under money purchase
will depend on the performance of the investment funds within the scheme. Plus,
there is the risk that annuity rates will be low when you retire.

Final Salary to Personal Pension. It is seldom a good idea to swap your
guaranteed pension in a final salary scheme for a cash injection into a personal
pension. You will take on all the investment risk. It is unlikely you will
receive any additional contributions and you will bear all of the costs.

Personal Pension Plan to any company scheme. You cannot contribute to a personal
pension once you have joined a company plan. Before you stick your money into
the new scheme, check what the penalties are for stopping contributions to the
personal pension. If they are unfavourable, find out whether the company may
allow you to change the contract to an FSAVC without additional cost and
avoiding any penalties.

Vivienne Starkey is an independent financial adviser at Haddock Porter Williams.

pensions made easy

WHEN you join a firm you may be invited to join its pension scheme (although
under-25s are often excluded). Most employees should take up this offer, even if
it means stopping a personal pension. The booklet provided by your company will
tell you everything you need to know about the scheme.

Company pension schemes look complicated but there are only two sorts of scheme:
final salary schemes ("defined benefit" schemes) and money purchase schemes
("defined contribution" schemes).

With a final salary scheme your pension will be related to your salary when you
leave the company and to the number of years you have worked there. These
schemes are expensive for the employer to run and are becoming less common
outside the public sector since the employer takes all the risk.

Money purchase schemes mean you take the risk. The contributions are invested
individually for each member and, at retirement, the value of the fund is used
to buy a contract to pay you an annual income for life (a pension annuity). This
is not ideal when (as now) interest rates are low: it means you get less income
in retirement.

If you are not working for a company with a pension scheme you can take out a
personal pension. These schemes are like money purchase arrangements for the
individual. You cannot normally contribute to a personal pension and a company
scheme at the same time unless you have another source of income. Company money
purchase schemes have the edge over personal arrangements because they cost less
and the employer makes a contribution.


LOAD-DATE: December 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              199 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             March 13, 1989 Monday

EMPLOYER SCHEMES USUALLY BETTER

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AUTON R

LENGTH: 606 words


Employer schemes usually better QUESTION: I am a 24-year-old school teacher,
employed in an independent school system and at present contribute 2.5% of my
wages into an employment superannuation scheme, which is not compulsory. I wish
to increase my subscription to at least 5%, so: (1) Would it be in my better
interest in the long-term to increase the contributions with the employer's
scheme? (2) Should I leave it as is and take out a separate superannuation cover
through a private company for about a further 2.5%?, or (3) Would it be better
if I cancelled the existing scheme and took out a private one, contributing
about 5% of my salary and could then claim the total contribution on tax each
year? M.T. ANSWER: The comparison of the benefits likely to be obtained from two
different superanuation plans is usually a fairly difficult exercise. Normally
the comparison between company and private schemes is even more difficult. In
general terms, superannuation schemes which involve an employer contribution are
usually superior to private schemes. The main reason is the additional benefit
gained by the employer contribution which is not available under a private
scheme. The difficulty in making this sort of statement is that the rate at
which members become entitled to a share of the employer contribution varies
greatly from one scheme to another. For example, in some employer schemes,
members may need to wait five years before they become entitled to any part of
the employer contribution. On the other hand, under other schemes, they become
entitled to the full benefit virtually from the outset. Even apart from this,
employer sponsored schemes enjoy advantages over private schemes. The first is
that members under employer sponsored schemes usually qualify for quite generous
life insurance benefits and often do not need to provide much if any medical
evidence to qualify. Further, the premium rates paid by an employer sponsored
scheme for life insurance are very much lower than those obtainable by an
individual under a private scheme. Another very important factor is the level of
expenses under the two schemes. Quite often, all of the expenses of an
employer-based scheme will be met from the employer contribution. Members
therefore receive the full benefit of their own contribution without deduction
for expenses. By virtue of numbers of members under an employer scheme, the unit
rate of expenses is usually very much lower than under a private scheme.
Finally, the investment returns under private schemes can sometimes be subject
to significant charges. These are less likely to apply in the case of any
employer sponsored scheme. One advantage of private schemes is that members may
qualify for a tax deduction for their own contribution. Against this must be set
the fact that any benefits arising under a private scheme must be preserved
until the members' 55th birthday or later retirement unless the benefit is paid
as a result of death, disablement or permanent departure for overseas. In your
case, this would be a significant disadvantage in view of your age. Benefits
arising from member contributions under employer schemes are not subject to this
requirement. A full answer to your question would require some further
information as to the exact details of your employer's scheme and the
alternatives you are considering. In general terms, I believe your best option
would be to make additional contributions to your employer's scheme. This of
course is subject to the facility for you to make additional contributions under
your employer's scheme being available. _ROGER AUTON

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              200 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Tax authorities' amnesty schemes have failed miserably

BYLINE: Shailesh Menon

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 1479 words


In 1997, the government launched a tax amnesty scheme that allowed well,
reluctant taxpayers to declare their wealth and income, pay a higher rate of tax
and gain a reprieve.

The so-cal led Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) posed an unusual
challenge for the taxman. Apart from assessing cash holdings, income tax
officials had to wade through hoards of utensils, silverware and jewellery
declared as "priced possessions" by taxpayers.

The scheme attracted over 4.75 lakh declarations of which 3.09 lakh pertained to
jewellery and other movable chattels. VDIS of 1997 allowed 'declarants' to
disclose their possession at back-dated values. Tax defaulters took advantage of
this clause by grossly undervaluing their property. Jewellery and real estate
were declared at 'decade-ago' prices, causing a sharp drop in their taxable
incomes.

The government realised taxes worth `9,729 crore, but it was a fraction of the
parallel economy prevalent in the country then. Tax collections could have been
much higher had the government framed more stringent rules around VDIS - 97,
according to tax experts.

Even so, VDIS-97 is billed as the most successful of all tax amnesty schemes in
India. If this scheme is regarded the best, one can imagine the success of other
similar schemes launched by tax authorities. Suffice it to say all amnesty
schemes launched in India since independence have failed to meet the objectives
of the government.

Despite their limitations, tax amnesty schemes - an opportunity for taxpayers to
pay a defined amount in exchange for pardon of a tax liability relating to a
previous tax period without fear of criminal prosecution - are a favourite tool
of governments to recover money from taxpayers.

Never mind governments aren't allowed to launch such schemes. The Supreme Court,
immediately after VDIS 97, asked the government to stop offering 'amnesty
schemes', as such schemes demoralise honest taxpayers and gives tax evaders an
opportunity to get away by paying a penalty.

As it often happens in such instances, subsequent governments played on the
nomenclature and started offering income disclosure schemes without using the
word 'amnesty schemes'.

The latest budget too has one such scheme. Only, it is loosely called Income and
Assets Declaration Scheme (IADS). Under this scheme, people with undisclosed
income can legalise their money (or possessions acquired using unaccounted
money) by paying a tax of 45% (30% tax, a surcharge of 7.5% and penalty of
7.5%). 'Declarants' using this route would be immune from prosecution under the
IT Act, Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act and Wealth Tax Act.

A senior tax official in the Mumbai circle says the objective of IADS is to
allow people disclose their 'under-stored' assets. "Income is only incidental.
By bringing unaccounted assets into books, we'll be able to regulate cash
dealings in a big way." Industry bodies have lauded the decision.

At first glance, the government seems to have imbibed a few lessons from VDIS
-97 and launched a stricter scheme. ET on March 7 reported that government will
not allow habitual tax offenders to misuse IADS. The scheme will also not
provide immunity to tax defaulters named in financial scams. Sources in the IT
department say the government may also ask declarants to price their assets at
current market value or 'price as on a more recent date.' The scheme will only
be notified (with guidelines) after the Act is passed in Parliament.

But tax experts and economists are sceptical about its success. The prime factor
that may work against IDS is the 45% tax that tax dodgers will have to pay on
declared income, experts opine. "The rate of 45% seems fair, considering the
fact that marginal tax rate is nearly 35%, but from the tax-payers' perspective,
it may seem high," says Ketan Dalal, managing partner at PwC. "Several tax
amnesty schemes in the previous years have not succeeded due to high rates."

The 11 prominent tax amnesty schemes since independence all suffered from this
problem. That's not all. Too Steep for Our Taste The tax department has also not
been able to instil faith among defaulters to reveal their unaccounted wealth
and come clean. Fear of further scrutiny by tax officials is another deterrent.
"Defaulters do not have much faith in the immunity clauses. They feel, if they
disclose their ill-gotten wealth, they would permanently be under the tax
officials' scanner," reasons Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings.
"Also, if a person has lot of black money, there's little incentive for him to
reveal his source of income."

That apart, by announcing a series of tax amnesty schemes, the government is
creating a 'moral hazard', where even honest taxpayers would be intuitively
encouraged to wait for an amnesty scheme to declare their income. Tax amnesty
schemes, according to Sabnavis, is like rewarding the tax evader's dishonesty.

SS Khan, former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), says repeated
amnesties bring down compliance levels, create expectation of future amnesties
and leave a message that while the honest taxpayer pays tax regularly, the
dishonest pays from one amnesty scheme to the next one. Tax department officials
say relaxation of rules and 'step-down' from pre-set parameters weaken tax
collection initiatives drastically. Still, such schemes return in some form or
the other. Why? One reason is influential industrialists and industry
associations lobby for such schemes at regular intervals. Industry bodies are
said to push for changes in 'amnesty rules' to suit their patrons.

Indeed, governments have been launching tax amnesty schemes since the early days
of independence. The first voluntary disclosure scheme was announced in 1951,
wherein assessees were allowed to declare their unaccounted funds without
attracting any penalty or prosecution under tax laws of that time. This drive
managed to collect taxes of just `11 crore (on `70 crore worth of income
declared) as tax evaders were not confident about the assurances of immunity.

In 1965, there were four major amnesty schemes. The government was short of
money in the wake of the Chinese invasion. For a sizeable haul through amnesty
schemes, the government had to wait another 10 years. In 1975, it managed to
book `744 crore worth of unaccounted money (see Tax Amnesty Schemes...).

"A taxpayer will participate in an amnesty scheme if it offers a highly
concessional tax rate compared to when he made the decision to evade," writes
Arindam Dasgupta and Dilip Mookherjee in related study published in 1998. "He
may also want to bring his money to the books if he sees better economic
prospects (like a good investment option where he can earn better returns).
Thirdly, greater chances of detection may drive him to declare ill-gotten
wealth," surmises Dasgupta and Mookherjee in their treatise studying amnesty
schemes between 1965 and 1993.

That is an apt explanation of the mixed success of tax amnesty schemes.
Defaulters use amnesty schemes only when they see value in it. In the 50s and
60s, when tax rates ranged between 60% and 70%, tax evaders used amnesty schemes
to split their assets (with family members) to under-pass high marginal tax
rates. In the mid-80s, defaulters (especially businessmen) disclosed their
actual wealth (or part of actual wealth) to create 'equity bases' for their
businesses. This helped them to secure more business and funding lines. Bullish
financial markets also encourage defaulters to declare their unaccounted wealth
as investments in stocks, bonds and real estate would give better returns that
holding idle cash.

VDIS 97 attracted declarations worth `33,697 crore and tax realisations of
nearly `10,000 crore. This, according to former CBDT member Khan, was just 0.79%
of the GDP that year. The amnesty scheme of 1985 brought out 4.63% of the GDP.

Khan says almost all the amnesty schemes have been a failure. "The government
must initiate punitive follow-ups after opening such schemes. Defaulters who
have not availed of amnesty benefits should be hunted down and punished."

"Even the current scheme may fail if there's no higher incentive for defaulters
to declare their wealth," says Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India
Ratings & Research. "This problem will exist as long as we're a cash economy."
Tax amnesty schemes are rare in the developed world but countries like USA,
Australia, Germany, Singapore and Belgium have tried it on different occasions.
Economically weaker countries like the Philippines, Russia and South Africa have
offered income disclosure schemes to their people with varying degrees of
success. Tax amnesty schemes can only be worthwhile if the rules are
water-tight. They should not be recurring in nature, but when they are offered
to the public, they should be followed up with strict punitive action.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Energy one of lowest funded sectors

BYLINE:  Salman Abduhu

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 304

LENGTH: 442  words


The energy sector, which should have been on top of priority in view of severe
electricity loadshedding particularly in Punjab, has remained one of the lowest
funded sector, since the PML-N government has taken over the rule, as just
Rs245.88 million for five schemes of energy related projects have been approved
out of total Rs165 billion for 103 schemes of 22 different sectors in half year
of 2013-14.

Still it is not clear that how much amount has been released to initiate the
physical work or any feasibility plan in any energy sector plan during last six
months from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs53.88 billion for 38 schemes of Road Sector, Rs9.02 billion for 13 schemes of
Health Sector, Rs5.5 billion for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs51.36
billion for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector and Rs4.74 billion for four schemes
of education sector were sanctioned.

In the same way, about Rs2.82 billion was approved for three schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs1.43 billion was sanctioned for scheme of Information Technology
Sector, Rs1.77 billion was okayed for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector and
Rs13.47 billion was granted for six schemes of Urban Development Sector.

Report said that the Punjab government approved a total of Rs164.88 billion for
103 development schemes of various development sectors during last six months
from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

The net size of development budget in Punjab Province was 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D during
its last six months of the current financial year under the Chairmanship of
Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. The Punjab development forum, during its last
six months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report, other schemes included, Rs210.98 million
for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for two schemes of Planning and
Development Sector, Rs3.383 million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00
million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for 04
schemes of PPH Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs.
2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for 02 schemes
of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Energy one of lowest funded sectors

BYLINE:  Salman Abduhu

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 304

LENGTH: 442  words


The energy sector, which should have been on top of priority in view of severe
electricity loadshedding particularly in Punjab, has remained one of the lowest
funded sector, since the PML-N government has taken over the rule, as just
Rs245.88 million for five schemes of energy related projects have been approved
out of total Rs165 billion for 103 schemes of 22 different sectors in half year
of 2013-14.

Still it is not clear that how much amount has been released to initiate the
physical work or any feasibility plan in any energy sector plan during last six
months from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs53.88 billion for 38 schemes of Road Sector, Rs9.02 billion for 13 schemes of
Health Sector, Rs5.5 billion for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs51.36
billion for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector and Rs4.74 billion for four schemes
of education sector were sanctioned.

In the same way, about Rs2.82 billion was approved for three schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs1.43 billion was sanctioned for scheme of Information Technology
Sector, Rs1.77 billion was okayed for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector and
Rs13.47 billion was granted for six schemes of Urban Development Sector.

Report said that the Punjab government approved a total of Rs164.88 billion for
103 development schemes of various development sectors during last six months
from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

The net size of development budget in Punjab Province was 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D during
its last six months of the current financial year under the Chairmanship of
Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. The Punjab development forum, during its last
six months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report, other schemes included, Rs210.98 million
for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for two schemes of Planning and
Development Sector, Rs3.383 million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00
million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for 04
schemes of PPH Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs.
2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for 02 schemes
of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Energy one of lowest funded sectors

BYLINE:  Salman Abduhu

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 304

LENGTH: 442  words


The energy sector, which should have been on top of priority in view of severe
electricity loadshedding particularly in Punjab, has remained one of the lowest
funded sector, since the PML-N government has taken over the rule, as just
Rs245.88 million for five schemes of energy related projects have been approved
out of total Rs165 billion for 103 schemes of 22 different sectors in half year
of 2013-14.

Still it is not clear that how much amount has been released to initiate the
physical work or any feasibility plan in any energy sector plan during last six
months from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

According to the half-yearly report issued by the P&D Department, an amount of
Rs53.88 billion for 38 schemes of Road Sector, Rs9.02 billion for 13 schemes of
Health Sector, Rs5.5 billion for two schemes of District Program Sector, Rs51.36
billion for 11 schemes of Irrigation Sector and Rs4.74 billion for four schemes
of education sector were sanctioned.

In the same way, about Rs2.82 billion was approved for three schemes of Literacy
Sector, Rs1.43 billion was sanctioned for scheme of Information Technology
Sector, Rs1.77 billion was okayed for two schemes of Youth Affairs Sector and
Rs13.47 billion was granted for six schemes of Urban Development Sector.

Report said that the Punjab government approved a total of Rs164.88 billion for
103 development schemes of various development sectors during last six months
from 1st July to December 31st, 2013 of the current fiscal year 2013-14.

The net size of development budget in Punjab Province was 240 billion. The 22
meetings of Provincial Development Working Party were conducted by P&D during
its last six months of the current financial year under the Chairmanship of
Irfan Elahi, Chairman P&D Board. The Punjab development forum, during its last
six months meetings, approved total numbers of 103 development schemes of the 22
development sectors.

According to the half-yearly report, other schemes included, Rs210.98 million
for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs. 507.468 million for two schemes of Planning and
Development Sector, Rs3.383 million for scheme of Archeology Sector, Rs. 60.00
million for scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs. 14679.572 million for 04
schemes of PPH Sector, Rs. 672.202 million for scheme of Transport Sector, Rs.
2.000 million for scheme of Forestry Sector, Rs. 12.450 million for 02 schemes
of Agriculture Sector, Rs. 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs. 671.416
million for 02 schemes of Public Buildings Sector and Rs. 2724.347 million for
scheme of Industry Sector were also approved by the Punjab Development Forum.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 02, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

You could pay less for medical scheme cover;
There are ways to relieve the burden on existing medical scheme members and
induce more low-income earners to join schemes - all while helping government to
implement National Health Insurance, an actuary says. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1254 words


Medical scheme members could pay lower contributions, more low-income earners
could afford to join schemes and much-needed funds could be freed up for use in
the public healthcare sector if a few reforms were introduced, an actuary told a
conference this week.

Barry Childs, a healthcare actuary with Lighthouse Actuarial Consulting and
CareGauge, told delegates at the Hospital Association of South Africa's annual
conference that there is a relatively quick way to bring relief to users of both
the private and the public healthcare systems while waiting for National Health
Insurance (NHI) to be fully developed.

Childs says the reforms include making medical scheme membership mandatory for
people in formal employment and increasing income cross-subsidisation among
members. He says these reforms, together with other reforms that were proposed
earlier but have been ignored since the focus turned to NHI, could:

u Reduce by 15 percent the average cost of medical scheme membership for
high-income earners;

u Result in another 13 percent of the country's population becoming scheme
members at contribution rates that are less than half the current average; and

u Benefit the public healthcare system, because it would have to treat six
million fewer people. This would have the effect of increasing by 19 percent the
annual amount spent on each person who uses the public healthcare sector.

Not only would these reforms bring short-term relief to medical scheme|members
while government pursues the longer-term goal of introducing universal coverage
through NHI, but they would also help to bring about the conversion to NHI,
Childs says.

On average, R11 395 a year (R949 a month) is paid in contributions for each
medical scheme beneficiary, whereas government spends R2 835 a year (R236 a
month) on each person who uses public healthcare facilities, he says.

The average amount spent on medical scheme contributions could be reduced to R9
686 a year (R807 a month) - a decrease of 15 percent - for high-income earners,
while low-income earners whose contributions are cross-subsidised by high-income
earners could be brought in at a contribution rate of R5 854 a year (R487 a
month).

Childs says this would encourage about 13 percent of the population to join
low-cost medical scheme options, which, in turn, would increase from 17 percent
to 30 percent the percentage of the population covered by schemes. This would
reduce the number of people who rely on the state for health care and enable
government to increase the average amount it spends on users of public
healthcare facilities from R2 835 per person a year to R3 377 per person a year
(R281 a month) - an increase of 19 percent, he says.

Mandatory cover

In order to achieve all these things, government should complete the reform of
|medical scheme regulations that was proposed when it was pursuing a social
health insurance system (SHI) for South Africa, Childs says.

In terms of SHI, everyone who could afford to do so - typically those in formal
employment - would be expected to join a medical scheme.

However, the move to SHI was halted in 2005, and in 2007 government announced
its intention to pursue NHI.

Childs says that making scheme membership compulsory for people in formal
employment would prevent anti-selection (people join schemes only when they need
health care and leave thereafter) and reduce contributions.

Making membership mandatory would also reduce the average age of the lives
covered by medical schemes, he says.

It is estimated that utilisation of healthcare services by medical scheme
members increases by 2.5 percent a year, and this can, in part, be attributed to
the ageing, and worsening risk profile, of the medical scheme population.

The absence of mandatory membership for those in formal employment is a notable
contributor to medical scheme contribution increases each year, and Childs
estimates that introducing mandatory membership could save existing members
between nine and 14 percent of the contributions they currently pay.

Another reform that was proposed previously, a risk equalisation fund that will
equalise the cost of providing benefits to members across medical schemes, will
encourage schemes to compete on efficiency rather than on their membership
profile, Childs says.

Greater cross-subsidisation

One of the obstacles to making medical scheme membership mandatory is the high
cost of contributions relative to household income, Childs says.

The high cost of providing the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) - the benefits
that all schemes are required by law to provide - is a major hurdle to making
contributions more affordable. On average, it costs R1 064 per family to provide
the PMBs to scheme beneficiaries.

Income cross-subsidies are needed to ensure that medical scheme membership is
affordable for lower-income households. Currently, wealthier households spend a
far lower proportion of their income on medical scheme contributions.

He says that the introduction of greater income cross-subsidisation in medical
schemes could make contributions more affordable, which would encourage more
low-income earners to join schemes.

Restricted schemes (those that limit membership to a group, such as employees of
a company) use income cross-subsidisation effectively to ensure that low-income
earners can afford the contributions, but open schemes (those that must admit
anyone) tend to differentiate contributions by income band only for their
low-cost options, Childs says.

Employers also achieve income cross-subsidisation by giving higher subsidies to
lower-income employees, he says.

For open schemes to make greater use of income-rated contributions, all schemes
would have to be compelled to introduce such bands, he says. Ways would have to
be found to verify members' incomes, he says.

Smarter healthcare buying

A saving of between 20 and 30 percent in contributions could be achieved if the
regulations were reformed, while, at the same time, more co-ordinated strategies
were implemented to manage fraud and schemes adopted a "smarter" approach to
choosing the healthcare services they provide for their members, Childs says.

If medical schemes, administrators, managed care entities and healthcare
providers collaborated more, they could do more to eliminate fraud, which, by
conservative estimates, costs schemes five percent of your contributions.

Schemes that use data collected about healthcare providers in order to contract
with those that have been identified as providing services cost-effectively have
achieved a significant saving on claims payouts, and more schemes should be
encouraged to follow suit, Childs says.

Schemes could make greater use of alternative reimbursement methods, which
incentivise healthcare providers to take some of the financial risk of providing
services to members. Currently, providers charge for each service, which can
result in the overservicing of members.

If schemes passed on to their members only half of the potential saving of 30
percent in contributions, members' contributions could be 15 percent lower. The
remaining saving of 15 percent could be used to subsidise the contributions of
low-income earners, Childs says.

The healthcare system must be reformed to bring about affordable healthcare
cover for all, he says. But implementing previously proposed reforms for|medical
schemes will keep contributions affordable in the meantime, while increasing the
amount available to spend on public health care. This, in turn, will facilitate
the development of NHI, he says.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 30, 2013

BUSINESS DAY TV: Outlook for medical schemes. Mark Arnold

BYLINE: Transcripts service

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 1348 words


BUSINESS DAY TV: Outlook for medical schemes Resolution Health's Mark Arnold
provides an outlook for the medical scheme industry over the next 12 months
Business Day TV . 26 August 2013 Mark Arnold is the principal officer at
Resolution Health. BUSINESS DAY TV: Medical schemes turning a deficit of R459m
in the 2010-2011 financial year to a surplus of R1bn the very next year has
gotten the attention of the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), to the extent
that a study has actually been commissioned to find out how. Giving us some of
the details now is Mark Arnold - he is the principal officer at Resolution
Health. Let's take a look at what's actually emerged here - when they've been
complaining of an increase in claim costs, we've got medical schemes managing to
turn this deficit to a surplus. Are we looking at anything untoward here?

MARK ARNOLD: No I don't think so - and that's perhaps the unfortunate thing
about how this entire issue has come across, is that there's an inference that
there's profiteering by the medical schemes at the cost of the members or
consumers. And while any industry should welcome an investigation into a
turnaround of that sort, if you look at the medical scheme industry it's very
explainable and you need to understand the context of how the industry works....
BDTV: So put some of that explanation and workings of the industry on the table
for us because a phrase that certainly startles any consumer is 'medical schemes
are not for profit organisations', and many would say, really.... MA: Perhaps
the simplest way to explain it is medical schemes are not businesses in the
normal sense of the word. They are in effect large mutual societies and they
don't have shareholders that are taking dividends, they don't have large boards
of executives that get performance bonuses. So in essence, any profits that the
medical schemes are making remain in the medical scheme. The shareholders of a
medical scheme are the members themselves. So we're not seeing those profits or
those monies flowing out of the medical schemes.... All schemes are required to
maintain 25% reserve levels so, as with any insurance-based business, you
require certain reserving to ensure that you're able to meet claims. So those
sit in what we call members' reserves or in effect, the scheme reserves and
they're used to benefit the members in the long-term. BDTV: I know we're talking
very broad strokes here, but you say that 25% threshold for reserves have been
set. How far away are medical schemes from hitting that target? MA: You need to
break it into what we call open medical schemes and restricted medical schemes.
Restricted medical schemes are obviously for specific employee groupings like
GEMS for government employees, Bankmed for employees of the large banking
institutions and then open medical schemes - those such as Resolution Health
where a member of the public irrespective of who they're employed by is free to
join. The open medical schemes currently have reserve levels of just over 28%,
so it's in excess of the 25%. Not all the schemes are above 25%, but the average
is above 25%. But it is very easy to drop below that 25%. There's not much of a
margin between 25% and 27% when you're speaking in the medical claims
environment where your claims experience can move up or down by a percentage in
any given year. The restricted schemes are significantly higher - they're
sitting at 40%, but what one must remember is that in 2006 they were sitting at
60%. So essentially in the last four years, 30% of their reserves have been
wiped out. And where you've seen most of that turnaround in the financial
performance that the BHF has referred to - from effectively R460m loss, to a
R1bn surplus - that has happened in the restricted scheme environment. So open
schemes in fact made a deficit last year. They lost around R50m. BDTV: So in the
open scheme environment how exactly are they getting this right because the
assumption is that the healthcare schemes have been collecting more because of
raised rates or pricing structures, and that's exactly what gets the consumers'
backs up against the wall. MA: The concerns are that schemes are either reducing
benefits in order to achieve those profits or are putting through increases
higher than what is justified. The one point we must make - and as you mentioned
it gets consumers' backs up - that there are really only two ways money flows
out of the medical scheme environment. The first which constitutes 86% of the
outflow goes to hospitals, doctors, specialists, opticians, dentists - it goes
to people who provide services to the members. In the balance roughly 14% goes
to what we call nonhealth expenses and that goes to your four profit entities
like your administrators and your managed care organisations. And their
increases year on year in the open scheme environment last year was 2.7% which
is significantly lower than CPI (consumer price index). So your main cost
drivers in that environment are the medical service providers and obviously the
utilisation of the members. So although it may appear that schemes have made a
significant amount of money. We need to remember that part of this turnaround is
then catching up the last six years where we've had consecutive deficits for six
years in a row.... BDTV: And it's exactly because of that that amongst the
questions being asked right now is whether or not schemes have overestimated the
funds needed for future expenditure, given the history of deficits. MA: There is
an element of that and what we do need to understand, the medical scheme
environment, you really get one bite of the cherry once a year. So every scheme
sets its prices at the end of the year for the following year. They set their
tariffs, they contract all their expenses and then they're pretty much tied to
that for the next 12 months. It's not like a normal business where you can react
to movements in the market - you essentially have to sit out the 12 months and
you wait, so you're always looking at it in a delayed timeframe. So the schemes
may well have overestimated, the increases required in 2010 and as such made
large surpluses in 2011, but you will see that pull back in 2012 because 2012
was one of the lowest average increases we've seen in the last 10 years. BDTV:
So at the end of the day could we expect to see any surpluses then passed back
onto the consumer? MA: How those surpluses are passed back is through future
increases, or increased benefits and the medical scheme would look at its
financial position as reserving levels. So we've actually done quite well, we've
made a large surplus. As I've mentioned earlier, there's no such thing as paying
out dividends to shareholders. The way the scheme spend that money is to either
enhance the benefits that the members enjoy or otherwise, instead of putting
through an 8% increase on their premiums, they put through a 7.5% increase. So
in the long-term that money remains locked in the system for the benefits of the
members. One more point to put this particular issue into context is that the
surplus of R1bn was largely driven by two schemes. It was driven by Polmed and
GEMS, the Government Employees Medical Scheme and the medical scheme for the
South African Police Services. Their combined surplus is R1bn. Once you strip
that out, the rest of the schemes made R23m in surpluses which is an
insignificant number in terms of the industry numbers. BDTV: As we wrap things
up in a nutshell, what is your outlook for the medical schemes industry over the
remainder of this year? MA: What we're going to see is increased stability, so
you're going to see increases quite similar to what you saw last year, maybe
lower, in the region of 7.5% or 8% and that's something that the industry needs,
that stability. We do have a history of increases being very high and then
dropping again. We have a fairly erratic history in that regard so I think
you're going to see a large amount of stability, stability that we probably
haven't seen in the last six or seven years in the industry.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 29, 2013

BUSINESS DAY TV: Outlook for medical schemes. Mark Arnold

BYLINE: Transcripts service

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 1348 words


BUSINESS DAY TV: Outlook for medical schemes Resolution Health's Mark Arnold
provides an outlook for the medical scheme industry over the next 12 months
Business Day TV . 26 August 2013 Mark Arnold is the principal officer at
Resolution Health. BUSINESS DAY TV: Medical schemes turning a deficit of R459m
in the 2010-2011 financial year to a surplus of R1bn the very next year has
gotten the attention of the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), to the extent
that a study has actually been commissioned to find out how. Giving us some of
the details now is Mark Arnold - he is the principal officer at Resolution
Health. Let's take a look at what's actually emerged here - when they've been
complaining of an increase in claim costs, we've got medical schemes managing to
turn this deficit to a surplus. Are we looking at anything untoward here?

MARK ARNOLD: No I don't think so - and that's perhaps the unfortunate thing
about how this entire issue has come across, is that there's an inference that
there's profiteering by the medical schemes at the cost of the members or
consumers. And while any industry should welcome an investigation into a
turnaround of that sort, if you look at the medical scheme industry it's very
explainable and you need to understand the context of how the industry works....
BDTV: So put some of that explanation and workings of the industry on the table
for us because a phrase that certainly startles any consumer is 'medical schemes
are not for profit organisations', and many would say, really.... MA: Perhaps
the simplest way to explain it is medical schemes are not businesses in the
normal sense of the word. They are in effect large mutual societies and they
don't have shareholders that are taking dividends, they don't have large boards
of executives that get performance bonuses. So in essence, any profits that the
medical schemes are making remain in the medical scheme. The shareholders of a
medical scheme are the members themselves. So we're not seeing those profits or
those monies flowing out of the medical schemes.... All schemes are required to
maintain 25% reserve levels so, as with any insurance-based business, you
require certain reserving to ensure that you're able to meet claims. So those
sit in what we call members' reserves or in effect, the scheme reserves and
they're used to benefit the members in the long-term. BDTV: I know we're talking
very broad strokes here, but you say that 25% threshold for reserves have been
set. How far away are medical schemes from hitting that target? MA: You need to
break it into what we call open medical schemes and restricted medical schemes.
Restricted medical schemes are obviously for specific employee groupings like
GEMS for government employees, Bankmed for employees of the large banking
institutions and then open medical schemes - those such as Resolution Health
where a member of the public irrespective of who they're employed by is free to
join. The open medical schemes currently have reserve levels of just over 28%,
so it's in excess of the 25%. Not all the schemes are above 25%, but the average
is above 25%. But it is very easy to drop below that 25%. There's not much of a
margin between 25% and 27% when you're speaking in the medical claims
environment where your claims experience can move up or down by a percentage in
any given year. The restricted schemes are significantly higher - they're
sitting at 40%, but what one must remember is that in 2006 they were sitting at
60%. So essentially in the last four years, 30% of their reserves have been
wiped out. And where you've seen most of that turnaround in the financial
performance that the BHF has referred to - from effectively R460m loss, to a
R1bn surplus - that has happened in the restricted scheme environment. So open
schemes in fact made a deficit last year. They lost around R50m. BDTV: So in the
open scheme environment how exactly are they getting this right because the
assumption is that the healthcare schemes have been collecting more because of
raised rates or pricing structures, and that's exactly what gets the consumers'
backs up against the wall. MA: The concerns are that schemes are either reducing
benefits in order to achieve those profits or are putting through increases
higher than what is justified. The one point we must make - and as you mentioned
it gets consumers' backs up - that there are really only two ways money flows
out of the medical scheme environment. The first which constitutes 86% of the
outflow goes to hospitals, doctors, specialists, opticians, dentists - it goes
to people who provide services to the members. In the balance roughly 14% goes
to what we call nonhealth expenses and that goes to your four profit entities
like your administrators and your managed care organisations. And their
increases year on year in the open scheme environment last year was 2.7% which
is significantly lower than CPI (consumer price index). So your main cost
drivers in that environment are the medical service providers and obviously the
utilisation of the members. So although it may appear that schemes have made a
significant amount of money. We need to remember that part of this turnaround is
then catching up the last six years where we've had consecutive deficits for six
years in a row.... BDTV: And it's exactly because of that that amongst the
questions being asked right now is whether or not schemes have overestimated the
funds needed for future expenditure, given the history of deficits. MA: There is
an element of that and what we do need to understand, the medical scheme
environment, you really get one bite of the cherry once a year. So every scheme
sets its prices at the end of the year for the following year. They set their
tariffs, they contract all their expenses and then they're pretty much tied to
that for the next 12 months. It's not like a normal business where you can react
to movements in the market - you essentially have to sit out the 12 months and
you wait, so you're always looking at it in a delayed timeframe. So the schemes
may well have overestimated, the increases required in 2010 and as such made
large surpluses in 2011, but you will see that pull back in 2012 because 2012
was one of the lowest average increases we've seen in the last 10 years. BDTV:
So at the end of the day could we expect to see any surpluses then passed back
onto the consumer? MA: How those surpluses are passed back is through future
increases, or increased benefits and the medical scheme would look at its
financial position as reserving levels. So we've actually done quite well, we've
made a large surplus. As I've mentioned earlier, there's no such thing as paying
out dividends to shareholders. The way the scheme spend that money is to either
enhance the benefits that the members enjoy or otherwise, instead of putting
through an 8% increase on their premiums, they put through a 7.5% increase. So
in the long-term that money remains locked in the system for the benefits of the
members. One more point to put this particular issue into context is that the
surplus of R1bn was largely driven by two schemes. It was driven by Polmed and
GEMS, the Government Employees Medical Scheme and the medical scheme for the
South African Police Services. Their combined surplus is R1bn. Once you strip
that out, the rest of the schemes made R23m in surpluses which is an
insignificant number in terms of the industry numbers. BDTV: As we wrap things
up in a nutshell, what is your outlook for the medical schemes industry over the
remainder of this year? MA: What we're going to see is increased stability, so
you're going to see increases quite similar to what you saw last year, maybe
lower, in the region of 7.5% or 8% and that's something that the industry needs,
that stability. We do have a history of increases being very high and then
dropping again. We have a fairly erratic history in that regard so I think
you're going to see a large amount of stability, stability that we probably
haven't seen in the last six or seven years in the industry.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday
                                Surveys Edition

Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

BYLINE: Andrew Gillingham

SECTION: PROD:PAGE

LENGTH: 798  words


Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

As the price of staying well rises, some companies are looking for alternatives

CLOSED company medical schemes are often a more favourable option for both
companies and employees with a better overall risk profile and good benefits,
even for companies that have shifted to different remuneration models.

Dr Johan Pretorius, CEO of Universal Healthcare, says an increasing number of
companies are moving towards a total cost to company model with regard to
employee packages and employee benefits.

& In the past companies contributed 50%-100% of their employees' medical scheme
contribution. However, due to rising medical costs, medical scheme fees have
typically risen ahead of the consumer price index every year. Therefore, many
employers have realised that it is beneficial to pay employees according to the
cost to company model and allow employees to buy their own medical cover,& says
Pretorius.

He says in some cases employers make it a condition of employment that employees
join a preferred medical scheme unless the person is a member or a dependent of
a spouse's medical scheme.

On the other hand, some companies are not as strict and some employees may opt
to go without medical cover.

The latter scenario can reduce some of the benefits the company receives from
providing employees with benefits. Not only is there less recognition of the
company's approach to caring for its employees, but where employees opt for no
cover, morale and productivity can suffer and absenteeism and illness may
adversely affect performance where employees cannot pay for proper medical care.

Pretorius says companies with good restricted (closed) in-house medical schemes,
which are only available to employees of a particular employer, often stand to
benefit significantly.

& Contributions into such schemes are typically lower than the rest of the open
medical schemes market (which anyone can join), though that does depend on the
effectiveness of the managed care department appointed by the medical scheme to
manage the scheme's risk, and the pensioner profile of the scheme, which can
increase the overall cost to members of the scheme.

& Research done on some of the large open schemes in the industry in comparison
with some of the corporate schemes shows that on a benefit for benefit and rand
for rand spent basis, restricted schemes provide excellent benefits and a
different approach. While open schemes tend to be rules based, within a
restricted company scheme there is some room for manoeuvre, with a softer and
'more caring' approach.

& Restricted schemes are not subject to the circumstances affecting an open
scheme,

with the risk that the sick will buy first and the healthy later,& says
Pretorius.

He says that everyone in a company is required to join a closed scheme and this
often results in a better cross-section of risk, provided that if the company
moves to a cost to company model it does not allow employees to shift to other
schemes and thus potentially damage the closed scheme's membership risk profile.

Pretorius says this more restrictive approach helps to keep the focus on
healthcare and not have employees distracted by non-medical benefits and
features.

& Medical cover is there to look after you when you get sick, not to provide
lower cost leisure activities. With that value proposition, restricted schemes
undoubtedly offer better value.

& Moreover, restricted schemes have more flexibility in terms of the manner in
which they apply the scheme's rules to individual members.& He says that for all
schemes, wellness and preventative programmes are as important as the cover
schemes provide to pay for care. If schemes do not provide active programmes
they and their members are losing out on significant long-term health benefits.

& Some of our more progressive corporate clients have become aware of the
benefits associated with effective healthcare strategies that include well run
wellness and preventative care programmes,& says Pretorius.

He says the most effective strategy takes a top down approach with executives
required to have full medical assessments each year to identify any health risks
before they result in serious illness

or death.

Furthermore, wellness and other programmes are introduced to promote health
awareness throughout the enterprise and provide positive lifestyle
reinforcement.

& Some companies are using their programmes as an attraction to draw talent into
the organisation and gain good market recognition as a company for which people
want to work. These programmes have an upfront cost, but they are an investment
and studies have shown that they can reduce costs in several areas, including
group life insurance, disability and employment costs.& Johan Pretorius ...
check benefits.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday
                                Surveys Edition

Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

BYLINE: Andrew Gillingham

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 798  words


Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

As the price of staying well rises, some companies are looking for alternatives

CLOSED company medical schemes are often a more favourable option for both
companies and employees with a better overall risk profile and good benefits,
even for companies that have shifted to different remuneration models.

Dr Johan Pretorius, CEO of Universal Healthcare, says an increasing number of
companies are moving towards a total cost to company model with regard to
employee packages and employee benefits.

& In the past companies contributed 50%-100% of their employees' medical scheme
contribution. However, due to rising medical costs, medical scheme fees have
typically risen ahead of the consumer price index every year. Therefore, many
employers have realised that it is beneficial to pay employees according to the
cost to company model and allow employees to buy their own medical cover,& says
Pretorius.

He says in some cases employers make it a condition of employment that employees
join a preferred medical scheme unless the person is a member or a dependent of
a spouse's medical scheme.

On the other hand, some companies are not as strict and some employees may opt
to go without medical cover.

The latter scenario can reduce some of the benefits the company receives from
providing employees with benefits. Not only is there less recognition of the
company's approach to caring for its employees, but where employees opt for no
cover, morale and productivity can suffer and absenteeism and illness may
adversely affect performance where employees cannot pay for proper medical care.

Pretorius says companies with good restricted (closed) in-house medical schemes,
which are only available to employees of a particular employer, often stand to
benefit significantly.

& Contributions into such schemes are typically lower than the rest of the open
medical schemes market (which anyone can join), though that does depend on the
effectiveness of the managed care department appointed by the medical scheme to
manage the scheme's risk, and the pensioner profile of the scheme, which can
increase the overall cost to members of the scheme.

& Research done on some of the large open schemes in the industry in comparison
with some of the corporate schemes shows that on a benefit for benefit and rand
for rand spent basis, restricted schemes provide excellent benefits and a
different approach. While open schemes tend to be rules based, within a
restricted company scheme there is some room for manoeuvre, with a softer and
'more caring' approach.

& Restricted schemes are not subject to the circumstances affecting an open
scheme,

with the risk that the sick will buy first and the healthy later,& says
Pretorius.

He says that everyone in a company is required to join a closed scheme and this
often results in a better cross-section of risk, provided that if the company
moves to a cost to company model it does not allow employees to shift to other
schemes and thus potentially damage the closed scheme's membership risk profile.

Pretorius says this more restrictive approach helps to keep the focus on
healthcare and not have employees distracted by non-medical benefits and
features.

& Medical cover is there to look after you when you get sick, not to provide
lower cost leisure activities. With that value proposition, restricted schemes
undoubtedly offer better value.

& Moreover, restricted schemes have more flexibility in terms of the manner in
which they apply the scheme's rules to individual members.& He says that for all
schemes, wellness and preventative programmes are as important as the cover
schemes provide to pay for care. If schemes do not provide active programmes
they and their members are losing out on significant long-term health benefits.

& Some of our more progressive corporate clients have become aware of the
benefits associated with effective healthcare strategies that include well run
wellness and preventative care programmes,& says Pretorius.

He says the most effective strategy takes a top down approach with executives
required to have full medical assessments each year to identify any health risks
before they result in serious illness

or death.

Furthermore, wellness and other programmes are introduced to promote health
awareness throughout the enterprise and provide positive lifestyle
reinforcement.

& Some companies are using their programmes as an attraction to draw talent into
the organisation and gain good market recognition as a company for which people
want to work. These programmes have an upfront cost, but they are an investment
and studies have shown that they can reduce costs in several areas, including
group life insurance, disability and employment costs.& Johan Pretorius ...
check benefits.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday
                                Surveys Edition

Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

BYLINE: Andrew Gillingham

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 798  words


Employers leave employees to buy their own health cover

As the price of staying well rises, some companies are looking for alternatives

CLOSED company medical schemes are often a more favourable option for both
companies and employees with a better overall risk profile and good benefits,
even for companies that have shifted to different remuneration models.

Dr Johan Pretorius, CEO of Universal Healthcare, says an increasing number of
companies are moving towards a total cost to company model with regard to
employee packages and employee benefits.

& In the past companies contributed 50%-100% of their employees' medical scheme
contribution. However, due to rising medical costs, medical scheme fees have
typically risen ahead of the consumer price index every year. Therefore, many
employers have realised that it is beneficial to pay employees according to the
cost to company model and allow employees to buy their own medical cover,& says
Pretorius.

He says in some cases employers make it a condition of employment that employees
join a preferred medical scheme unless the person is a member or a dependent of
a spouse's medical scheme.

On the other hand, some companies are not as strict and some employees may opt
to go without medical cover.

The latter scenario can reduce some of the benefits the company receives from
providing employees with benefits. Not only is there less recognition of the
company's approach to caring for its employees, but where employees opt for no
cover, morale and productivity can suffer and absenteeism and illness may
adversely affect performance where employees cannot pay for proper medical care.

Pretorius says companies with good restricted (closed) in-house medical schemes,
which are only available to employees of a particular employer, often stand to
benefit significantly.

& Contributions into such schemes are typically lower than the rest of the open
medical schemes market (which anyone can join), though that does depend on the
effectiveness of the managed care department appointed by the medical scheme to
manage the scheme's risk, and the pensioner profile of the scheme, which can
increase the overall cost to members of the scheme.

& Research done on some of the large open schemes in the industry in comparison
with some of the corporate schemes shows that on a benefit for benefit and rand
for rand spent basis, restricted schemes provide excellent benefits and a
different approach. While open schemes tend to be rules based, within a
restricted company scheme there is some room for manoeuvre, with a softer and
'more caring' approach.

& Restricted schemes are not subject to the circumstances affecting an open
scheme,

with the risk that the sick will buy first and the healthy later,& says
Pretorius.

He says that everyone in a company is required to join a closed scheme and this
often results in a better cross-section of risk, provided that if the company
moves to a cost to company model it does not allow employees to shift to other
schemes and thus potentially damage the closed scheme's membership risk profile.

Pretorius says this more restrictive approach helps to keep the focus on
healthcare and not have employees distracted by non-medical benefits and
features.

& Medical cover is there to look after you when you get sick, not to provide
lower cost leisure activities. With that value proposition, restricted schemes
undoubtedly offer better value.

& Moreover, restricted schemes have more flexibility in terms of the manner in
which they apply the scheme's rules to individual members.& He says that for all
schemes, wellness and preventative programmes are as important as the cover
schemes provide to pay for care. If schemes do not provide active programmes
they and their members are losing out on significant long-term health benefits.

& Some of our more progressive corporate clients have become aware of the
benefits associated with effective healthcare strategies that include well run
wellness and preventative care programmes,& says Pretorius.

He says the most effective strategy takes a top down approach with executives
required to have full medical assessments each year to identify any health risks
before they result in serious illness

or death.

Furthermore, wellness and other programmes are introduced to promote health
awareness throughout the enterprise and provide positive lifestyle
reinforcement.

& Some companies are using their programmes as an attraction to draw talent into
the organisation and gain good market recognition as a company for which people
want to work. These programmes have an upfront cost, but they are an investment
and studies have shown that they can reduce costs in several areas, including
group life insurance, disability and employment costs.& Johan Pretorius ...
check benefits.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Incentive schemes for ST registration: FBR to study 3 countries' tax
administration

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 295

LENGTH: 889  words


The Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has decided to conduct study of three tax
administrations which have launched incentives schemes for increasing sales tax
registration through an effective 'Lottery Scheme'.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Monday that the efforts made by the FBR
in the past for launching of 'Lottery Scheme' or 'Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme'
failed due to one reason or the other.

Now, the study of three countries, which have launched incentive schemes for
sales tax registration, has prompted the FBR to come up with an 'effective'
lottery scheme.

In Turkey, and some states in the USA, such incentive schemes were introduced to
encourage implementation of the value-added tax (VAT).

It has also been noticed that the countries which launched the incentive scheme
had also ensured implementation of issuance of sales tax invoices by the sales
tax registered persons.

It is important to note that normally it is made absolutely clear in the tax
administration policy that no action will be taken against the person providing
details of invoices and participating in the lottery schemes.

The scheme may initially be initiated as a pilot phase in Islamabad as since
sales tax on services is now a provincial subject.

The FBR has given assignment to a seasoned tax official and FBR Member
(Enforcement & Accounting) Aminullah Khan to provide an update on the study.

It is important to mention that the FBR had drafted a scheme of 'consumer lucky
draw' in the past, which was never launched.

Earlier, the FBR had planned to launch Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme in January
2011 in all major cities including Karachi, Lahore, Sialkot, Faisalabad and
Islamabad with monthly prizes of Rs 6 million to encourage documentation of the
economy.

At that time, it was decided that the scheme would initially be for hotels and
restaurants but extendable to bakeries and caterers.

This scheme envisaged various prizes with maximum and minimum individual prizes
of Rs 100,000 and Rs 5,000 respectively, in the descending quantum but ascending
number of about 350 prizes, would be worth Rs 6.0 million per month.

These prizes were to be awarded through balloting to those consumers of the
hotels/restaurants who produced the original invoices of their payments to the
hotels/restaurants.

Initially, this scheme was only for the registered hotels/restaurants.

Later invoices and receipts obtained from bakeries and caterers would be
considered for the draw to attract consumers.

The FBR had also constituted a steering committee for this scheme, but the
Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme was not implemented by the due date i.e., January
2011.

The launching date of the scheme was further delayed to March-April 2011.

Later, the statutory regulatory order (SRO) of the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Scheme
(STLDS) 2011 was sent to the Law and Justice Division for vetting, but the same
was not implemented by the FBR.

The FBR had also drafted the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Rules-2011, which was not
enforced due to non-implementation of the scheme.

According to the draft of the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Rules-2011, this was the
first Consumer Incentive Scheme of its sort to be launched by FBR, FBR endeavour
was to cover restaurants and similar food outlets, registered under Sales Tax
Act 1990, through a lucky draw scheme to encourage voluntary registration of all
those who are liable to pay/collect sales tax and ensure that the tax deducted
is also deposited into government treasury.

The scheme envisaged to promote voluntary registration of restaurants and food
outlets, promote documentation through issuance of invoices and to plug revenue
leakages and was issued under powers vested in FBR under preamble to FBR Act
2007 and section 4(1) (1) of the said Act.

Under the STLDS-2011, the FBR would monitor the scheme's effectiveness through
laid down parameters.

The parameters included number of new registrations after launch of scheme;
increased tax paid on returns by existing taxpayers; increased tax paid on
returns by new taxpayers; number of audits conducted as a result of the scheme;
tax levied in audit as a result of the scheme; invoices received during the
scheme which were not verified due to outlet being below tax threshold.

The rules said that the scheme aimed at achieving the following objectives for
the restaurants /food outlets sector: Promoting documentation; help in plugging
of revenue leakages; increased voluntary sales tax registration; broaden tax
base through invoice based information and create a data bank to deter tax
evasion.

This scheme covered invoices issued by restaurants/food outlets all over
Pakistan.

The customers availing food from restaurants/food outlets would obtain invoices
(receipts, cash memos) and inform FBR in the manner prescribed.

The customers sending information of invoices along with their CNIC number under
the Scheme would be called participants in the scheme.

The participants would be subject to lucky draw through computer ballot to
determine cash prizes.

The personal information of participants will not be used for tax purpose in
their individual cases.

However, the information received regarding sales by restaurants/food outlets
shall be utilised by FBR for objectives of documentation.

Despite drafting of the said Sales Tax Lucky Draw Rules-2011 and SRO, the FBR
did not launch the scheme, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 07, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

You stand to benefit from new PMB code;
A new code of conduct attempts to address uncertainty among industry roleplayers
surrounding the definition and treatment of the prescribed minimum benefit
conditions, |which must be paid for by your medical scheme. Laura du Preez
reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 845 words


A code of conduct drawn up by representatives of the key roleplayers in the
medical scheme industry is expected to help you, as a scheme member, to get
access to the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) when you are entitled to them.

Medical schemes, their administrators and healthcare providers are expected to
abide by the code, which addresses issues such as clarity on the benefits you
are entitled to, the information you should be provided with about the PMBs,
alternative treatment for PMB conditions if the benefits your scheme covers are
inappropriate for you, and how scheme administrators should identify PMB
services and deal with your claims.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho is the Registrar of Medical Schemes and chief executive of
the Council for Medical Schemes, which led the task team that drafted the code.
He says roleplayers committed themselves to the code before it was drawn up and
their representatives on the task team are expected to inform them of the
contents of the code and to ensure that they abide by it.

The registrar's office will monitor schemes to see that they do adhere to the
code, and Gantsho says he is prepared to engage with any roleplayers who do not
abide by |the code.

The task team has also agreed to continue to meet to advise the Department of
Health and the |Council for Medical Schemes on possible amendments to the
Medical Schemes Act regulations that govern the PMBs.

The code notes that the task team did not agree on proposed solutions to the
problems arising from the |regulation stipulating that schemes must pay your PMB
claims in full. The Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal Board has interpreted
this to mean schemes must pay PMB claims in full regardless of the rate at which
your doctor or any other healthcare provider charges.

The PMB code of conduct states that the Council for Medical Schemes will
co-ordinate a process to define the PMB benefits you are entitled to and another
to determine what information about the PMBs should be communicated to you, as a
medical scheme member.

The PMBs are listed in the |regulations under the Medical Schemes Act, but
Gantsho says |the benefits need to be defined in simple language.

definitions and treatment

The code says the definitions should be clear about when a condition can be
regarded as a PMB, what is required to verify that you have that condition, and
should stipulate the services, care (including the level of care) and medicines
and devices you can expect your scheme to pay for that condition.

The code says where schemes take decisions on treatments based on health
economic evaluations (that take into account the cost-effectiveness of the
treatment) they must make these evaluations available to you on request.

The PMBs place a clear obligation on schemes to pay for chronic medicines for
you if you have one of 27 common chronic conditions.

However, there have been disputes about chronic medicines required for other PMB
conditions, such as medicines required after an organ transplant, for
quadriplegics and after cardiac surgery.

The code says that when the PMB definitions are drafted they should list the
chronic medicines required. However, it also notes that full consensus could not
be reached by all medical scheme and administrator representatives on this
issue.

Other issues the code covers are:

u When your condition is presumed to be a PMB and treated as such until further
tests confirm it is not, your scheme must pay the costs as if it is a PMB up to
the point it is confirmed as not being one;

u If your condition is confirmed as being one that is not a PMB, your scheme
must immediately notify you and your healthcare providers that it is withdrawing
its PMB cover. Your healthcare provider must then inform you that further
treatment will only be covered as far as the scheme's non-PMB benefits provide;

u If the PMB treatment your scheme covers proves ineffective or causes an
adverse reaction, your scheme must have a pre-defined process that allows you to
apply for alternative treatment. Your provider is expected to supply the
information your scheme will require to assess whether you need an alternative
treatment.

u The code notes that some PMB claims can be identified from the ICD10 code that
should appear on your medical bill. In these cases schemes must pay your claim
automatically.

u In other cases, schemes may need further information to determine whether or
not your condition is a PMB or not. Your doctor will be expected to provide
this, and the Council for Medical Schemes has been tasked with finding a way to
ensure the information is passed on.

u Schemes may require you to obtain pre-authorisation (but not in an emergency)
or to register or apply for PMB benefits. If it has information from these
processes that enable it to identify your subsequent claims as those for a PMB
condition, it must also pay these as PMBs automatically.

u If the scheme does not have sufficient information to identify your claim as a
PMB one, you have three years in which to go back to the scheme with the
additional information and claim payment.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 7, 2010 Monday

Pakistan: Police seek Rs 2.115b

LENGTH: 987  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, June 07 -- The Punjab Police Department has proposed an allocation of Rs
2.115 billion for continuing construction work on 124 ongoing schemes and
initiating work on 45 new projects under the Annual Development Plan (ADP)
2010-11.

However, the government of Punjab has reduced the number of new schemes to only
nine due to reasons including the scarcity of funds. Around Rs 150 million will
be provided to the Police Department for initiating work on nine new schemes.
Thus, it will receive Rs 1437. 487 million in total for the continuation of
construction work on 124 ongoing schemes and for starting work on nine new
schemes for the ADP 2010-11.

In the ADP 2009-10, the government had approved 67 new schemes under which
construction work on 246 buildings was initiated at an allocated amount of Rs
518.606 million.

The number of ongoing schemes during the ADP 2010-11 has now increased to 124
schemes under which work on 511 buildings will continue at an allocation of Rs
1287.487 million out of the total proposed allocation of Rs 1437.487 million.

In ongoing schemes of 2010-11, construction of 44 buildings of police stations
under 44 schemes, 11 police check-posts under six schemes, 96 buildings of
patrolling posts (PHP) under 15 schemes, 45 river posts under seven schemes, two
police lines under two schemes, 43 hostels, barracks, allied facilities under 12
schemes, 41 police training institutes under nine schemes, eight offices under
eight schemes, 210 residences under 10 schemes, nine boundary walls under nine
schemes, one store, godown under one scheme and one building of dog kennels
under one scheme will continue.

For the ADP 2010-11, the Punjab Police Department proposed 45 schemes under
which work on 777 new buildings of different nature had to start at an estimated
cost of Rs 827.786 million. Out of the 777 new buildings, the department planned
to start construction of 48 buildings of police stations under five schemes, one
police check-post under one scheme, 463 buildings of patrolling posts (PHP)
under two schemes, 33 hostels, barracks, allied facilities under eight schemes,
five police training institutes under three schemes, three offices under three
schemes, 209 residences under 14 schemes, eight boundary walls under eight
schemes and seven buildings of dog kennels under one scheme.

However, the government of Punjab cut short the proposed 45 schemes to only nine
for the ADP 2010-11 which include construction of police station (PS), New
Multan; PS Karmunwali Multan; PS Raja Ram, Multan; PS Thatha Sadiqabad,
Khanewal; construction of 10 family quarters in Multan; construction of three
residences (for BS 11-14) at PS Mianchannu; construction of two residences (BS
11-14) at PS Kehror Pacca, Lodhran; construction of 30 family quarters in Police
Lines, Vehari; and construction of three residences (BS 1-10) at PS Khanewal.

The cut in the development schemes proposed under the ADP 2010-11 has exposed
tall claims of the Punjab government about the improvement of police stations.
Most police stations are still in rented and dilapidated buildings across the
province, especially in the provincial capital.

Moreover, the Punjab Police Department will receive a huge amount of over Rs 43
billion under the head of the non-development budget during the fiscal year
2010-11 for payment of salaries, utility bills, POL charges and transport, risk
and efficiency allowances.

After prolonged delay in the issuance of a grant for POL prices, patrolling
vehicles of Punjab police especially Lahore were parked at police installations
even in a poor law and order situation. Several vehicles of VVIP squads and
patrolling vehicles designated for crime-prone areas were grounded due to the
unavailability of finances for petrol and diesel purchase.

The Punjab Police Department is also a defaulter of SNGPL and Wapda due to
non-payment of bills which resulted in disconnection of supplies during fiscal
year 2009-10. Recently, a gas connection to a police training institute in
Walton and electricity to Shahdara police station was disconnected due to
non-payment of bills as well as use of an illegal connection.

Experts suggest a separate regulatory authority to deal with grants related to
utility bills and POL charges to avoid any breakdown of operations which had
been earning a bad name to the department.

According to (non-development) budget estimates for 2009-10, around Rs 709
million were released under the scheme of direction, Rs 175 million under the
scheme of superintendence, Rs 27.899 billion for district police, Rs 302 million
for CID, Rs 1.332 billion for Special Branch, Rs 2.286 for Punjab Constabulary,
Rs 148 million for police employed for agency function, Rs 82 million for Qaumi
Razakar Organization, Rs 30 million for works, Rs 837 million for Police
Training Institute, Rs 600 million for the provision of replacement of
transport, Rs 170 million for the provision for Elite Police Training and Rs 8
billion for the provision of risk allowance and daily allowance etc to the
police force.

Despite huge allocations under the scheme of Elite Police Training from the
government, most of the force had been deployed for the security of VVIPs. The
force which had training on the lines of the Pakistan army was rarely used to
curb heinous crime and terrorist activities.

On the other hand, the provision of Rs 600 million for the replacement of
transport seems impractical as most patrolling vehicles of Punjab police are out
of order and unable to chase criminals on high speed modern vehicles.

The Punjab government also failed to change the Thana culture. There is no
respite from terrorist activities, bribery, corruption, kidnappings for ransom
and crime against property across the province Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 10, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes cut back on top rates to doctors;
You could be paying a lot more out of your pocket for consultations with
specialist doctors - especially 'super specialists' - as the result of a trend
among medical schemes to drop the rates at which they pay these doctors. Schemes
are trying to reduce payments to keep your contributions down, writes Laura du
Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1165 words


A growing number of medical schemes have, on their higher options, reduced the
rate at which they reimburse doctors - particularly specialists - in order to
keep your contributions down.

The move comes despite a decrease in the number of specialists practising in the
country and unhappiness among remaining doctors about the guideline tariffs on
which schemes base their rates.

As a scheme member you need to be aware that you could be treated by a
specialist who charges a lot more than your scheme is prepared to pay - and you
will have to pay in the difference.

This week, two large medical schemes, Momentum Health and Fedhealth, announced a
reduction in the rates they pay doctors on their popular options.

Momentum Health, the country's fifth-largest open medical scheme, announced it
was dropping the doctor rates of its Incentive and Extender options from 300
percent to 200 percent of the guideline Reference Price List (RPL) tariffs and
the rate on the Custom option from 150 percent to 100 percent of RPL.

Lee-Ann du Toit, the head of marketing for the scheme's administrator, Momentum
Medical Scheme Administrators, says the drop in the rates at which doctors are
reimbursed is necessary to maintain maximum cover and contain the scheme's
contribution increases, which will average 11.6 percent for next year.

Medical schemes have been announcing increases for next year that range from 9.2
percent by Genesis Medical Scheme to 15.9 percent by Fedhealth. The country's
largest scheme, Discovery Health, will up its contributions by 9.8 percent.

Du Toit also announced that Momentum is working with specialists to set up a
network of practitioners who will charge the scheme's rates. Members who use
these doctors will be covered in full for their specialists' bills.

The incentive for doctors to join this network is that the scheme will pay them
directly at a rate higher than the RPL.

specialist networks

In this move, Momentum Health is following the lead taken by Discovery Health
Medical Scheme, which, from 2007, reduced its rates of reimbursement on a number
of its options and set up two direct-payment structures with doctors who agreed
to charge the scheme's rates.

Although Discovery's specialist networks initially met with some opposition from
doctors, Discovery says 84.5 percent of specialist visits its members make are
now covered in full as a result of these arrangements.

Du Toit says doctors, who are facing a higher incidence of bad debt in the tough
economic climate, are willing to accept lower rates of reimbursement to secure a
direct payment from the scheme.

If your doctor does not charge your scheme's rates, schemes tend to pay you the
portion they are obliged to pay and you have to settle the bill. But sometimes
members use the money paid to them by schemes for other purposes, and the doctor
doesn't get paid, Du Toit says.

While members using specialists in the Momentum network will enjoy full cover,
members using specialists outside the network will be paid for their specialist
visits at between 100 and 300 percent of RPL.

The 300-percent rate applies on the top Summit option only, and Du Toit says the
rate reduction on three of its options will potentially affect 25 percent of
members only if they don't use specialists in the network.

Doctors have yet to sign up for the network, but Du Toit says Momentum expects
that 68 percent of all specialists will sign up. Associations representing the
main specialist disciplines have indicated that the arrangements are acceptable.

This week, Fedhealth, which has long been marketing itself as the scheme that
covers doctors at 300 percent of RPL, also announced that it was cutting the
rate at which it reimburses doctors on its middle-of-the-range options.

Fedhealth cut the rate at which it covers specialists on its Ultima 200, Maxima
Standard, Maxima Basis and Maxima Core options, but says it has maintained the
300-percent rate for certain procedures required to treat accidents and
injuries, and for normal maternity deliveries.

The scheme will maintain the 300 percent of RPL rate for doctors treating
members on its Maxima Plus, Ultimax and Ultima 300 options next year.

Currently, 99 percent of Fedhealth's members are covered for specialist
consultations at 300 percent of RPL. If members remain on the same options next
year, only seven percent of the scheme's members will enjoy benefits at this
rate.

As of this month, another large open medical scheme, Oxygen, closed its top
Elite Plus option and its comprehensive Standard Plus option. Both of these
options offered cover at 300 percent of RPL.

The scheme also plans to drop the rate of reimbursement for doctors on its Core
Plus and Premium Plus options from 300 percent of RPL to 200 percent. The
Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) stopped the scheme from implementing this
change immediately, but the scheme has confirmed it will resubmit this rule
change for next year.

According to Momentum's analysis of the market, among the 10 biggest schemes,
Bonitas and Medshield each have only one option offering reimbursement rates at
300 percent, and most members are on options with lower rates of cover.

Last year, Bonitas launched a network for general practitioners. The scheme's
acting principal officer, Gerhard van Emmenis, says the scheme is looking at
establishing a specialist network, but this won't be for 2010.

GAMing the RATES on offer

Du Toit says Momentum has found that doctors are charging patients according to
the rate offered by the options they have chosen.

For example, the scheme's Custom option this year offered cover at 150 percent
of RPL, while the Incentive and Extender options offered cover at 300 percent of
RPL.

The scheme found cases where, for example, a physician charged a member of the
Custom option 150 percent of RPL, upped his rate to 300 percent for a member of
the Incentive option, and to more than 300 percent when treating a member on the
Extender option.

Gap cover

The trend towards lower reimbursement rates for doctors could drive up the sale
of gap cover.

Gap cover is typically offered by short-term insurance companies to scheme
members who do not have cover for doctors at 300 percent of RPL. These policies
pay out the difference between what a doctor charges and the amount your scheme
will pay out.

Victor Crouser, a medical scheme broker at Alexander Forbes, expects an increase
in the sale of gap cover policies following schemes' reduction of rates for
doctors.

He says many new gap cover products have become available since the CMS lost its
case against Guardrisk, an Alexander Forbes subsidiary offering the product.
Many gap products seem to do the business of a medical scheme without conforming
to the interpretation of what insurers may and may not do as stated in the
judgment, and may therefore come under renewed fire from the CMS, Crouser says.

He says while there may be a real need for these insurance products, you should
buy them from reputable companies and via reputable brokerages only.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 09, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

You'll pay the price for medical non-disclosure;
Some medical schemes strictly apply the law and terminate the membership of
people who failed to provide important information about their healthcare
history. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words


Failing to disclose your medical history accurately on a medical scheme
membership application form can have severe financial consequences or even
become a matter of life and death, more and more medical scheme members are
finding.

Medical schemes are entitled, in terms of the Medical Schemes Act, to terminate
your membership and that of any of your dependants if you fail to disclose on
your medical scheme application form "material information" about your medical
history or that of your dependants.

The aim of allowing schemes to terminate your membership if you fail to disclose
important information is to prevent people from joining schemes only when they
need to claim - for example, when they know that they need an operation. This
practice is known as anti-selection. Anti-selection by some members prejudices
other members who are contributing to the scheme on an ongoing basis, because
they have to bear the medical expenses of those who anti-select without
benefiting from their contributions.

As a result, some schemes are aggressively applying the law, with dire
consequence for the members whose benefits are terminated. These members may in
some cases have brought the hardship on themselves by being dishonest, while in
other cases they may have been misled or uninformed. Three recent cases are
outlined in "Families face massive bills after schemes end benefits" on this
page.

These cases illustrate the dire financial and other risks you take if you fail
to fully disclose your medical history, fail to ensure your application form has
been completed correctly or fail to check with your adult dependants that their
medical history is fully disclosed.

Stephen Harrison, the head of strategy at the Council for Medical Schemes, says
the termination of membership when a scheme uncovers material non-disclosure is
quite widespread.

Harrison says he is not sure of the reason for the increase in the number of
such cases. But he says there is a perception among some members that schemes
are using the fact that they can terminate membership for non-disclosure to
target high-risk members and remove them from a scheme.

Open schemes stricter

Mostly, it is open medical schemes that take action against members who fail to
disclose their medical history because restricted schemes generally accept
members who join by virtue of their employment, without imposing waiting
periods.

Some schemes, however, report higher incidents of non-disclosure than others.

Spectramed is a large, growing medical scheme with about 174 000 beneficiaries.
Every month it receives about 1 250 applications for membership, Quincy Beukes,
the principal officer of the scheme, says.

Beukes says in June this year the scheme received 1 231 applications for
membership.

Among such new applications, the scheme found 228 cases of non-disclosure
following an application within 90 days for hospitalisation or other medical
treatment.

The scheme considers all such cases on the basis of the materiality of the
non-disclosure and referred only 24 of the 228 cases to a committee with legal,
clinical and member representation. The committee is expected to consider
whether an ordinary person could reasonably have been expected to declare what
the member did not declare.

Beukes says the 24 cases the committee considered in June resulted in the
termination of 22 members' and their families' membership of the scheme for the
protection of existing members.

These members had joined the scheme and immediately sought authorisation for
operations such as hysterectomies, tonsillectomies or even hip replacements,
Beukes says.

Jacky Mathekga, the principal officer of Discovery Health Medical Scheme, which
receives 800 to 1 000 applications for membership a day, says Discovery does
have cases of members anti-selecting but not a lot.

Mathekga says these cases are usually detected by the claims department, which
sees big claims from members who have been with the scheme for only a few days
or weeks or months.

For example, he says, there was the case of a woman who informed the scheme two
weeks after joining that she had just discovered that she was pregnant and did
not know this when she joined. Her doctor said she was then two to three months
pregnant, but within four months she gave birth to a normal healthy baby who
appeared to have been carried to term.

James van Vught, the principal officer of Oxygen Medical Scheme, says for the
first six months of this year, the total number of cases in which membership was
cancelled as a result of non-disclosure amounted to about 0.5 percent of
applications for membership.

The Council for Medical Schemes appeal committee has heard a number of cases
concerning terminated memberships in recent months.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 3, 2001 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

ASIC tells mortgage scheme investors not to panic

BYLINE: Simon Hoyle

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 722 words


If you're one of an estimated 20,000 investors who have placed a total of $1
billion in about 200 solicitors' mortgage schemes currently being investigated
by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the message from the
regulator is: don't panic.

ASIC voiced its concerns over these mortgage schemes last week after a survey
into their financial state revealed that about $300 million of the $1 billion in
mortgages that they have written are in default.

ASIC's national director of financial services regulation, Ian Johnston, says
not all solicitors' mortgage schemes are being investigated, because some have
made the transition to the managed investments regulatory regime that came into
effect in December 1999. These are not being investigated.

Johnston says a 30 per cent default rate does not necessarily translate into a
30 per cent capital loss for investors.

A mortgage is classified as being in default if a borrower has missed an
interest payment, a situation that can be very easily rectified.

While the default rate of the schemes is extremely high, not all schemes are
equally badly affected, and the default rate varies widely from State to State.
In Victoria, for example, the default rate is averaging about 5 per cent, while
in Queensland it is about 70 per cent.

ASIC says that even if an investor has money tied up in a scheme that has
mortgages in default, there are steps the investors or the scheme operator can
take to recover the funds.

Depending on the rules of the particular scheme, members may have the right to
sell the mortgaged property to recover their funds.

But in some cases that right is assigned to the operator of the scheme, which
means members have to wait until the scheme is wound up to get their money back.

ASIC points out that some schemes do face serious trouble, however, and in some
cases it is "not realistic to expect that investor losses will be recovered".

But it says it hopes that the early identification of problem schemes, and
timely intervention by the regulator, "should provide opportunity to minimise
these losses and maximise consumer redress".

"Your scheme manager your solicitor or finance broker should have told you
already if a default has occurred on a mortgage affecting you," ASIC says. "If
you are not sure, contact the manager."

The key characteristics of mortgage investment schemes generally are that more
than one person contributes money to a central pool, which is then invested for
the benefit of all scheme members. Members of the scheme do not have day-to-day
control over how it is run.

The schemes ASIC is concerned about are a subset of mortgage investment schemes
called "runout" schemes.

These are schemes that did not move over to the new managed investment
regulatory regime. Runout schemes were given until the end of October this year
to wind up.

They have not been allowed to write new mortgages since December 17, 1999.

They are regulated by one of The Law Society of NSW, The Law Institute of
Victoria, The Law Society of Queensland, The Law Society of Tasmania or The
Finance Brokers Institute of SA Inc until the scheme is wound up.

ASIC says it is clear that a number of runout schemes have "serious" default
rates, but it is not yet clear exactly why that is thecase.

Johnston says the default rate is likely to deteriorate as the October deadline
nears, because non-defaulting mortgages are more likely to be repaid first, with
the problem loans taking longer to clear up.

One of the main tasks of any mortgage lender is to assess the creditworthiness
of a borrower that is, its ability to meet all of its obligations in a timely
manner.

The findings of ASIC's survey suggest clearly that, at the very least, some
managers of runout schemes have failed in this task.

ASIC will consider launching civil or criminal proceedings against the scheme
manager in a bid to recover investors' money in cases where it identifies
misconduct or negligence on the part of the manager.

ASIC's advice to anyone who has not been advised of their scheme's default
situation, but who thinks they may be in a scheme with a high level of
defaulting mortgages, is to seek legal advice from a different firm of
solicitors to the one running the

scheme in question.

"A solicitor who is independent of your mortgage scheme may be best placed to
advise you," it says.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: ASIC is concerned about a 30 per cent loan default rate. Photo:
Michel Bunn

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 April 2, 2000

Stealth tax bomb: Workers pay for Brown's stand on pensions;
Council tax payers have to cover public sector shortfall, says Pamela Atherton

BYLINE: Pamela Atherton

SECTION: Observer Cash Pages; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 866 words


THE RECENT announcement that members of the Tesco pension scheme will have to
pay extra contributions from this month has prompted a furious response from the
pensions industry and Conservative politicians.

This is because the rise from 3.75 per cent to 4.25 per cent has been attributed
by the Tesco scheme to the abolition of the tax credit on dividends, which was
introduced in the July 1997 Budget by the Chancellor, Gordon Brown. Its effect
has been to reduce the income received by pension funds from dividends by 10 per
cent.

At the time the change caused uproar from trade bodies such as the National
Association of Pension funds (NAPF), which estimated that the cost to UK pension
funds in the first year alone would be approximately pounds 5 billion.

But the axing of tax credits went largely unnoticed by the public because the
tax was not noticeable in their pay packets immediately and has therefore been
dubbed by the Conservative Party as yet another 'stealth tax'.

However, the 10 per cent loss in income to pension funds is now starting to bite
hard on pension schemes. Where there is no surplus in the fund, pension scheme
sponsors face a stark choice: increase employer/employee contributions, reduce
benefits or a mixture of both.

For example, a Tesco employee earning pounds 25,000 will have to pay an extra
pounds 100 this year, and Tesco plc, the scheme sponsor, is having to stump up
two-thirds of the extra contribution.

If you think this does not affect you, you are wrong. Local authority pension
schemes have been badly hit by the loss of income and a number have had to raise
council tax rates to top up their pension schemes.

According to trade magazine Pensions Week, the shortfall amounts to pounds 30
million for Greater Manchester, pounds 33m for Cornwall, and pounds 75m for
Staffordshire and it is council tax payers who are having to pick up the tab.
The cost to local authorities is expected to be an average 3 per cent per annum
of payroll on an ongoing basis.

Private sector pension schemes have also been hit. British Airways has
calculated the loss of income due to the tax change at pounds 177m, BT pounds
70m, and the Post Office pounds 600m. Where a scheme is non -contributory or a
'balance of cost' scheme, the employer has to bear the entire cost of any
shortfall in the scheme's assets, so these schemes face the choice of increasing
employer contributions or reducing benefits. If there is a scheme surplus and
the employer is enjoying a 'contribution holiday', this may have to be reduced.
However, if a scheme is a 'shared cost' scheme, both the employer and employees
have to increase contributions, where there is a funding shortfall.

The NAPF says an estimated 9 per cent of its occupational scheme members are
shared cost schemes and these are the schemes where employees are most likely to
face contribution hikes.

Post Office pensions director Frank Calvert commented: 'The Post Office scheme
has had to cut its contribution holiday from five years to two, as a result of a
number of factors, one of which was the abolition of the tax credit. It has
definitely had an adverse effect on the scheme's valuation.'

Other schemes, such as Sainsbury's, which is a balance of cost scheme, have
reacted by closing the final salary scheme to new members, who are now offered a
group personal pension.

Group personal pensions are cheaper to fund and easier to administer for the
employer, but are recognised as providing inferior benefits for employees
compared with final salary schemes.

Colin Hartridge-Price, BT scheme secretary and chief pensions officer said:
'BT's contributions to the fund have not changed since the abolition of the tax
credit, but it has had the effect of removing what would have been a scheme
surplus. The abolition of tax credit is far more serious for employers than it
is for employees, because it is the employer in the majority of cases who has to
make good the shortfall.'

He accuses the Government of imposing 'double taxation' on pension schemes
because pensions are taxed at source when they are taken in retirement and
should therefore not be taxed while they are accumulating within the fund as
well.

NAPF Director General Ann Robinson said: 'The increasing burden of cost is
driving employers to consider whether they need to offer a defined benefit
scheme at all. The Government claimed the tax change would not affect pensions
but it is savaging schemes, particularly smaller ones, which are less likely to
have a surplus to cushion the blow.'

According to Incomes Data Services, the average contribution employers are
paying into occupational pension schemes has started to rise, after years of
falling. In 1999, total contributions rose by nearly 5 per cent in spite of
excellent investment returns.

NAPF council member Lynne Ruddick is urging pension scheme managers to publicise
the damaging effects of the tax change. At a recent NAPF conference, she told
delegates: 'If you can relate the need for a rise in contributions or a
reduction in scheme benefits to the abolition of tax credit, then tell your
members who is to blame.'


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              217 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 19, 1999 Saturday
                                  late Edition

The good oil on bad tax dodges;
Fear & greed

BYLINE: Ivor Ries

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1372 words


It's that time of the year when thousands of Australians develop an interest in
a wide range of exotic agricultural pursuits. Their promoters promise to save
you substantial amounts of tax and many will but they could end up costing much
more.

This financial year tens of thousands of Australians will collectively invest
somewhere between $800 million and $1 billion in the latest investment fad:
tax-effective schemes. And for that investment they're virtually guaranteed tax
deductions worth between $388 million and $485 million. Due to Tax Commissioner
Michael Carmody's 1998 decision to pre-vet tax scheme prospectuses and issue
"product rulings", most of the 60-odd tax scheme products being sold by
financial planners and accountants will deliver real reductions in the amount of
tax people pay.

These schemes are providing a fees bonanza for financial planners and
accountants. With upfront commissions ranging from 5 per cent to 15 per cent,
and the minimum investment on most products around $25,000, the profits on
selling such products are massive.

For small investors who are looking for ways to wipe out capital gains tax
liabilities from booming share and property markets, tax schemes probably seem
like manna from heaven. The fact that they are being sold by people they trust
means that many will invest in tax schemes in blind faith.

But signs are emerging that the tax scheme market has become dangerously
overheated, allowing scheme promoters to sell products that will inflict serious
financial pain on investors a few years down the track.

Indeed, judging by the content of a few prospectuses read by Fear & Greed,
today's tax scheme boom will lead to another boom in about five to seven years'
time. That will be the litigation boom that occurs when investors in many of
today's schemes seek to sue scheme promoters in what will probably be a vain
attempt to minimise their losses.

This view is shared by many investment industry professionals. Van Eyk Capital
managing director David Marshall recently completed a review of 42 tax scheme
offerings and concluded that most schemes will leave investors seriously out of
pocket.

Marshall says most schemes are "extremely dangerous" and are likely to see
investors incur serious losses. Of the 42 schemes van Eyk Capital surveyed, it
found only five that it would recommend to investors. The rest were rejected
because of excessive fees and charges payable to scheme promoters and
over-optimistic forecasts for profits, most of which were based on the
assumption of perpetually increasing commodity prices.

Space doesn't permit this column to itemise all of the pitfalls of tax scheme
investments. What follows is a basic check-list for investors contemplating
investing in such schemes. Tax deductibility. Most tax schemes are sold on the
basis of being able to claim a tax deduction. But unless the scheme has obtained
a product ruling from the Tax Office beforehand, there is no guarantee that the
investor can claim the investment as a tax deduction. Indeed, even if the
product ruling has been obtained, the ATO can deny your deduction up to four
years afterwards if the promoter alters the scheme. Investment risk. Most
investors in tax schemes are so obsessed with getting a tax deduction of 48.5Â¢
for every $1 invested, they forget that once they've obtained the deduction,
they still have 51.5Â¢ of capital at risk.

Most tax schemes involve projects with long lead times tree farms, vineyards,
tea-tree oil and olive plantations where investors get little or no money back
for the first five to seven years. Most schemes run for 15 to 20 years, which
means that investors are waiting an awfully long time to get their original
capital back.

Most schemes are sold to investors on the basis of average rates of return
ranging from 9 per cent to 20 per cent. But as most of the profits are made in
the last five years of the project, the investor is well behind where he or she
would be with comparable investments until the last few years. Market risk. Most
tax investment schemes are based on legitimate tax deductions associated with
rural or commodity-based industries or with research and development. In
farming-based schemes (trees, grapes, olives), the investor wins a tax deduction
for the cost of ground preparation, fertiliser, fencing, planting and so on,
plus the management fees paid to the promoter.

But without exception the investor takes a gamble on the price of the end
commodity that will be produced, such as grapes, wine, woodchips or olives. Most
scheme prospectuses forecast that prices for the commodity concerned will rise
steadily over the long run (typically 2 to 4 per cent a year), but a slump or
gradual decline in prices could wipe out most of the returns promised to
investors.

In one vineyard-based scheme examined by this writer, a 2 per cent reduction in
the forecast annual increase in grape prices would result in a total loss of
capital to all investors. Liquidity. All tax schemes currently sold in Australia
are unlisted, so investors can't get their money out once it has been invested.
To get their money back, investors have to wait out the period of the scheme,
which may last from 15 to 25 years. Some scheme promoters may buy back
investors' interests, but they are not legally obliged to do so. Default risk.
Many tax schemes guarantee that investors cannot lose any more than their
original investment. But some schemes where the promoter borrows money leave
investors at risk of being asked to cough up more money in future years.

In several schemes, investors can be sued by banks who have lent to the scheme
promoter if cash flow is insufficient to repay the loans. Investors won't be
able to plead ignorance: this risk is spelt out in the prospectus fine print.
Fees and charges. Most investors who give their money to a fund manager expect
to pay the manager a fee for doing the job. In mainstream investment funds,
management fees and expenses range from 1 per cent to 3 per cent of the invested
funds. But the fees charged by most tax scheme promoters are on another planet.
In the schemes currently on offer, management fees and rents paid to promoters
range from 20 per cent to 90 per cent of annual cash flows.

In one Western Australian-based vineyard tax scheme currently on offer, the
scheme promoter and his associates will earn around $61 million in rents and
management revenue and roughly $15 million in net profits from managing the
scheme over 20 years.

If all goes well, investors will earn net profits of $26 million over the same
period.

But fund promoters receive rents and management fees irrespective of whether
investors receive any return. In the fund cited above, a decline in grape prices
would see investors receive next to nothing. The promoter would still make a net
profit of $15 million. The way management fees are structured increases the risk
that investors will suffer losses. Over-capitalisation. Two factors determine
the rate of return on an investment: the amount of capital originally invested,
and the cash flows received from it. For any given investment, the rate of
return will be reduced as the buy-in price of the investment rises. The cost of
buying land and establishing a vineyard in good areas is around $40,000 to
$50,000 a hectare. Many schemes charge investors up to $150,000 a hectare, which
means they're paying three times the market rate. Most scheme investors stand to
make lousy returns because they're simply paying too much in the first place.
Tax. Most tax schemes are sold on the basis of the upfront tax deduction that
can be claimed. They also tout high rates of return to investors, but in the
prospectuses seen by this author such returns are always pre-tax. Any income
derived from such schemes is taxable. To top-rate taxpayers, the post-tax rates
of return on these investments assuming the prospectus income forecasts are
right will range from 4.6 per cent to 10.3 per cent.

Ask yourself this: am I prepared to lock up my money for 20 years for a nominal
(pre-inflation) return which may or may not be 4.6 to 10.3 per cent ? If the
answer is "no", then tax-effective investment schemes may not be right for you.

Smart Money: The Last Tax Train page 33

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Investors often forget that after they get a tax deduction, they
will still have capital at risk. Yet most schemes, including olive plantations,
involve projects with long lead times, where investors get little or no money
back for the first five to seven years. GRAPH: Who's the bunny here? Post-tax
returns to promoters and investors in a popular vineyard tax scheme.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Card security product holders to be contacted about compensation

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: London


Financial Conduct Authority has issued the following news release:

If you bought a card security product called Card Protection, Sentinel
(including Sentinel Gold, Protection and Excel) or Safe and Secure Plus from a
bank, credit card issuer or Affinion International Limited, you may be entitled
to compensation.

Approximately two million people with a card security product will receive a
letter from AI Scheme Limited about a compensation scheme we agreed with
Affinion and 11 banks and credit card issuers.

These customers bought or renewed card security products from Affinion, a bank
or credit card issuer between January 2005 and August 2013.

The compensation scheme has been agreed with Affinion and the following 11 banks
and credit card issuers:

AIB Group (UK) Plc trading as First Trust Bank in Northern Ireland and Allied
Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain
    Barclays Bank Plc
    Capital One (Europe) Plc
    Clydesdale Bank PLC
    HSBC Bank Plc
    Lloyds Bank Plc
    Northern Bank Limited trading as Danske Bank
    Santander UK Plc
    Tesco Personal Finance plc
    The Co-operative Bank Plc
    The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc

The amount to be paid to each eligible product holder will depend on how long
they have had the product and whether any successful insurance claim was made on
the product.

Please note that the scheme will not cover you if you have a card security
product linked to a bank account, such as where it is a feature of a packaged
bank account.
What you should do next

You do not have to do anything at this stage.

AI Scheme Limited will write to eligible card security product holders to
explain how the compensation scheme will work and what you have to do next.

You should read the letter from AI Scheme Limited and keep it in a safe place as
you may need to refer to it again. In particular you should note your scheme
reference number which is printed on the letter from AI Scheme Limited.

This may be useful if you call the dedicated scheme helpline (0800 678 1930), as
you will have to confirm your identity. The dedicated scheme helpline is
available from 28 January 2015.
More about AI Scheme Limited

AI Scheme Limited is a genuine legal entity and only it is permitted to write to
you about the scheme. If another organisation contacts you about the scheme it
may be a scam.

AI Scheme Limited will not contact you by email or telephone about the scheme.
You will not have to use and pay a company to claim compensation on your behalf.

The dedicated AI Scheme Limited website has further information, or read below
to find out more.
How the compensation scheme will work

Compensation is expected to be paid from the second half of 2015 but the
following steps still have to be completed (and the timings are approximate):

Step 1: AI Scheme Limited writes to eligible customers from late January 2015
with more information about the compensation scheme.

Step 2: Customers will be invited to vote in April/May 2015 on whether they want
the compensation scheme to go ahead. This is a legal requirement and a majority
of customers will have to vote in favour of the compensation scheme for this to
happen.

Step 3: If a majority of customers vote in favour of the compensation scheme the
High Court will be asked to approve it.

Step 4: If the scheme is approved by the High Court, AI Scheme Limited will
write to eligible customers again in August and September 2015 to ask whether
they want to be considered for compensation.

This would include a compensation claim form that has to be completed, signed
and returned to the scheme administrators before the specified deadline, in
order for a successful compensation claim to be made.
Why you may be entitled to claim compensation

There may have been issues with the way that a feature of the card security
product (insurance cover for fraudulent use of lost or stolen cards) was sold to
customers before it was removed  from the relevant products between October 2012
and August 2013.

These include statements made to customers to the effect that:

the product covered customers for up to £100,000 (figure varied over time) worth
of unauthorised transactions that occurred after they reported a card as lost or
stolen.

Our view is that customers did not need this cover, as their bank or card issuer
is typically responsible for any transactions after they tell it their card has
been lost or stolen.

the product covered customers for up to £5,000 (figure varied over time) worth
of unauthorised transactions that occurred before they reported a card as lost
or stolen.

Customers are, however, only liable for unauthorised transactions in limited
circumstances, as the bank or card issuer will usually cover them for anything
over the first £50 of those transactions.

Affinion and certain banks and card issuers continue to sell these card security
products, but they no longer contain the unnecessary fraud insurance cover.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Your contributions could be '30 percent cheaper'

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 537 words


Your medical scheme contributions could be nearly 30 percent cheaper if
government completed its reform of the regulations that govern the industry and
if schemes were more proactive about combating fraud and chose cost-effective
healthcare providers, a medical scheme conference heard this week.

Barry Childs, a healthcare actuary with Lighthouse Actuarial Consulting, told
the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference that he had shown last year
that, if it were compulsory for all employed people to belong to a medical
scheme, schemes' costs could be reduced by 14 percent.

Schemes could save up to 15 percent if they profiled providers, such as doctors
and hospitals, and designed scheme benefits so that use was made of providers
that offered the best-quality services at the lowest cost, Childs says.

When schemes profile providers, they use data supplied by their administrators
to understand how providers' practices affect their costs.

Medical schemes could save a further estimated 10 percent if they collaborated
to tackle fraud, he says.

Christoff Raath, an actuary and the chief executive of the Health Monitor
Company, says it is estimated that providers and members defraud medical schemes
of between R3 billion and R22 billion a year.

Raath says that examples of fraud and abuse are:

u Anaesthetists who bill for more time than, according to hospital records, they
spent in theatre;

u Providers, such as psychologists, who bill for services for more hours than
there are in a day; and

u Doctors who order tests for every patient they see or bill every consultation
as an emergency.

Childs says that fraud is like a iceberg: schemes and their administrators are
dealing with the tip of the problem through their fraud detection units, whereas
most of the fraud goes undetected.

Unless schemes pool their data, they will not detect the massive fraud that is
"below the surface", which may be far more than the two to three percent of
claims that schemes are detecting currently, he says.

Solvency ratios

In addition to making scheme membership mandatory, Childs says the reforms
should include equalising the cost of claims across schemes (an initiative that
has since been scrapped), proper guidelines on the difference between the
business of medical schemes and that of health insurance, and the introduction
of risk-based solvency.

Currently, medical schemes are obliged by law to hold 25 percent of the
contributions as reserves (their solvency level) to protect schemes against
large claims.

Many medical scheme industry experts say this percentage is unnecessarily high
and that schemes' reserves should be aligned to their exposure to risk. This
would free up reserves, which schemes could use to provide you with better
benefits.

However, a change to the solvency requirements is not expected to be included in
the Medical Schemes Amendment Bill, which the Council for Medical Schemes has
proposed to the Department of Health.

Registrar of Medical Schemes Dr Monwabisi Gantsho told the BHF conference that
his office had received many submissions from schemes that have large reserves.

However, none of the arguments put forward have convinced his office that it is
necessary to change the solvency level, he says.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Interest boost |for your medical savings account

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 541 words


If you belong to a medical scheme and your option has a savings account, it is
likely you will earn more interest this year on a positive balance in the
account.

If you have a medical savings account, you should also expect to receive
statements from your scheme this year outlining what interest you have earned on
your account balance.

The Council for Medical Schemes, which regulates medical schemes, has instructed
schemes to hold your medical savings account contributions in a short-term call
account or bank deposit account separate from scheme funds and to pay the
interest earned on the account to you.

Your medical scheme will be able to deduct any bank charges and investment fees
from the interest before allocating it to your savings account and disclosing to
you the net interest.

The council issued its instruction to schemes on how to deal with savings
accounts in September 2011, but many schemes obtained an exemption from
complying with the instruction until January this year.

Up until this year, most schemes have been paying low rates of interest on
medical savings account balances and using the balance of any interest the
scheme earns to fund their costs.

Schemes justified this practice by saying the interest that was not paid to
members was used to fund the costs of running medical savings accounts, as well
as the cost of lending you, at the beginning of the year, the full amount you
will contribute to your savings account during |the year.

When the Council for Medical Schemes first issued its instruction |to schemes on
how to deal with |savings account monies, some schemes said they would close
their savings accounts and others said they would reconsider the merits of
offering these accounts.

The council told Personal Finance it is not aware of any schemes that have
closed their |savings accounts as a result of its instruction about how the
accounts should be run.

However, Heidi Kruger, communications manager at the Board of Healthcare Funders
(BHF), an organisation that represents schemes and their administrators, says
the BHF is aware that some smaller restricted schemes have closed their savings
account options.

The BHF does not have data on how many options were affected, |she says.

The Council for Medical Schemes also reports that no schemes that have been
giving members an advance at the beginning of the year on the contributions they
make to a savings account throughout |the year have stopped providing these
advances.

high court judgment

The council's September 2011 instructions to schemes on how to run savings
accounts was based on a 2007 High Court judgment that |prevented the liquidators
of Omnihealth Medical Scheme from using some R33 million in members' |savings
accounts to repay the scheme's creditors.

The then Registrar of Medical Schemes sought a declaratory order confirming its
interpretation of the law that the money in the savings accounts of Omnihealth's
members had to be returned to them.

The court held that medical savings accounts constitute trust money as defined
by the Financial Institutions (Protection of Funds) Act, and therefore it
supported the registrar's view that the funds in the savings accounts had to be
repaid to Omnihealth's members and not the scheme's creditors.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

July to December 2012 : Punjab govt okays Rs 150bn development funds

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 1 -- The Punjab government approved funds of Rs 150.15 billion for
various development sectors of the economy during July to December 2012 against
the total volume of development programme of Rs 210 billion.

According to half yearly report by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP)
2012-13 is Rs 210 billion out of which a sum of Rs 151,526.777 million has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of the 21 Development Sectors
of the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings held under the Chairmanship of
Javed Aslam Chairman P&D Board Punjab.

Provincial Development forum has approved funds amounting to Rs 2,645.805
million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, a sum of Rs 10,065.694
million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for two
schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven Schemes of health
sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and minerals
sector.

Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archeology sector, Rs 1,513.544 million
for one scheme of youth affairs sector, sum of Rs 290.500 million for one scheme
of information and culture sector, Rs 1,693.183 million for three schemes of
special infrastructure sector.

Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11
schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544 million for two schemes of energy
sector, sum of Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes of public buildings
sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban development sector. Rs
460.529 million for one scheme of district programme worth Rs 1,594.986 million
for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs 42,730.719 million for 14
schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes of P&D sector
and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

Whereas one scheme of DERA sector a sum of Rs 2.331 million and one scheme
relating to consultancy sector worth Rs 1.200 million were also approved in the
PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 4, 2010 Monday

Check out performances of the NPS schemes of ICICI Prudential and IDFC Pension
Fund

BYLINE: SKANDITA AGRAWAL

SECTION: INVESTOR'S GUIDE

LENGTH: 780 words


Unlike government officials and those who work with public sector companies,
employees of most private sector companies and self-employed individuals do not
get pension benefits. For such employees, schemes like Public Provident Fund
(PPF) and pension schemes offered by life insurance companies are the only
options available to save for retirement.

New Pension Scheme, launched in May 2009 is a more structured form of retirement
planning for the unorganised sector. NPS is the cheapest form of investment
available for people. One needs to first register under NPS scheme and open a
pension account. A Central Record Keeping Agency (CRA) maintains this account.
CRA has recently reduced the annual maintenance charges and transaction fees
after opening more than one million accounts under NPS. The annual maintenance
fee is now Rs 280, which means annual saving of Rs 70 compared to the previous
maintenance charges.

Further, the transaction charge is reduced from Rs 10 to Rs 6. Investors get the
choice of six pension fund managers to maintain their invested corpus. These
include SBI, ICICI, Kotak, Reliance, UTI and IDFC. Each of these offers six
schemes, three under each tier I and tier II accounts.

Tier I is a mandatory non-withdrawal pension account while tier II is a
voluntary savings account that allows withdrawals as well. The schemes include
scheme E, which is a growth option, invests in equity, scheme G, which is a
cautious option, invests in government bonds and scheme C that invests in
corporate bonds. While one can choose to invest entire pension wealth in C or G
asset classes, only a maximum of 50% can be invested in E. A combination of all
the three can be opted for medium risk and return approach.

This is true for both the tier I and tier II accounts. Last week, we discussed
investment strategies of SBI Pension Fund and UTI Pension Fund, based on the
returns generated under all the schemes. Today, let us have a look at NPS
schemes offered by ICICI Prudential fund house and IDFC pension fund house.

ICICI PRUDENTIAL PENSION FUND HOUSE:

ICICI Prudential has an asset under management (AUM) of Rs 5 crore. According to
the PFRDA guidelines, fund houses need to invest proceeds under Scheme E in an
index fund. An index fund replicates movements of a stock market index such as
the Nifty, the Sensex, BSE 500 and others. ICICI Prudential replicates the Nifty
by buying the underlying stocks and regularly maintaining the weightage.

This allows them to have full control over their scheme E and avoid delays.
Their tracking error also have been nil due to the adoption of this methodology.
In terms of returns, it has marginally outperformed major indices like the Nifty
and the Sensex. While absolute returns from Nifty have been 36.1% over the past
oneand-a-half year, ICICI scheme E has provided 40.5% returns.

This implies that an investment of 100 a year-and-a-half ago in scheme E would
grow to 140.5 as of today. For scheme C and scheme G, the company invests in
bonds with a maturity period of 15-20 years, which is quiet decent. However for
tier II account, due to the flexibility of withdrawal given in the account,
ICICI keeps considerable amount in liquid funds as well.

IDFC PENSION FUND HOUSE:

IDFC Pension Fund has almost 5% of the total AUM in its tier I account and tier
II account. But, the low AUM has not really affected the performance of its
funds. Scheme E of IDFC Pension Fund, like others replicates the Nifty. It has
closely competed with its peer group. The tracking error of IDFC is also quiet
low. Its returns since inception have been quite similar to ICICI Prudential.

It has yielded 41% absolute return since inception as against 36% returns of
Nifty. IDFC's scheme E has managed to earn 13.8% return in the past six years,
while the Nifty returns are 13.6 %. This implies that an investment of Rs100 six
months ago in scheme E would grow to 113.6 as of today. IDFC's Tier II scheme E
has given highest return in the past six months. Scheme G of IDFC has not done
very well.

It's the worst performing scheme and also of the IDFC's basket. Scheme C that
comprises corporate bonds have performed well since inception, but the
performance slipped in the past six months.

OUR VIEW: ICICI Prudential's equity scheme E is a good investment, but is not
better than UTI pension scheme. A good combination of scheme E, C, and G may
serve good returns in the long run.IDFC equity scheme overall has performed well
one can opt for scheme E and team it up with scheme C. Those interested to
invest in scheme G for conservative returns should opt for either UTI pension
fund or SBI pension fund over others.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

How will State's new pension protection scheme operate?

SECTION: FINANCE; Personal Finance; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 970 words


The Pension Insolvency Payment Scheme works only for companies with a pension
deficit when they collapse, writes  FIONA REDDAN

THE MINISTER for Finance this week signed a statutory order giving effect to the
new Pensions Insolvency Payment Scheme (Pips), which will come into force next
month.

Established in the aftermath of the collapse of Waterford Wedgwood, which left
many long-serving staff with no prospect of receiving a pension from a pension
scheme which was significantly in deficit, it attempts to provide some measure
of security for members of defined benefit schemes.

However, it will only offer assistance to schemes of companies which are
insolvent and will do little to improve the position of the vast majority of
Irish defined benefit schemes which are currently nursing major deficits and are
under pressure from the regulator, the Pensions Board, to take measures to
regularise their situation.

What is the purpose of the Pips?

The Pensions Insolvency Payment Scheme is being established to support
pensioners of companies which are insolvent and where there is a deficit in the
pension scheme which is being wound up as part of the process. It will ensure
more money will be available for the pensions of those yet to retire.

At the moment, if there is a deficit in a pension scheme being wound up
following a business collapse, absolute priority is given to members already in
receipt of pensions. Unfortunately, as in the case of Waterford Crystal, this
can leave nothing in the pot for members still working or those who have left
the company and deferred their pension.

When will it become operational?

The scheme will come into effect from February 1st and will run as a pilot
scheme for three years. At that stage, any schemes which are already
participating will continue, but the Government may decide to discontinue the
scheme or to continue with it in a modified form.

How does it work?

In effect, the Pips scheme works by enabling pension schemes to buy annuities
from the Government at a lower cost than they would be able to on the open
market.

That means more money will be kept in the pension fund to disperse to members of
the scheme.

If annuities are available at a lower price, the balance of assets for other
members will be greater, and there will be more left for others,  says Aisling
Kennedy, a principal with financial consultants Mercer. She expects the savings
to be in the region of 15-20 per cent.

These savings are based on current bond yields, as the annuities, unlike those
offered by commercial entities which are tied to euro-zone bonds, are linked to
the 10-year rate on fully secured government bonds.

With government bonds yielding so much at present, this equates to a lower cost
of annuity   albeit in the short to medium term.

As the Pips is to be operated on a cost-neutral basis, pension schemes will be
charged a fee for the service and must submit this to the Government in cash.
The Government, in turn, will then outsource pension administration to a third
party.

Who is eligible for the scheme?

In order to qualify for the scheme, there is a  double insolvency  criterion
ie, defined benefit pension schemes must wind up in deficit and the sponsoring
employer must be insolvent.

This means that only a small minority of firms are likely to meet the
requirements, as it is aimed at pension scheme members who have no other
recourse to funding because their employer is insolvent and their scheme is in
deficit.

So, while employees of firms which have collapsed, such as Waterford Crystal,
will no doubt welcome the move, others, such as SR Technics, will find
themselves ineligible because they do not meet the definition of insolvency as
set out in the Protection of Employees (Employers Insolvency) Act 1984.

What happens to defined benefit schemes not covered by Pips?

Pips is relevant only for those companies that collapse and which also have a
pension deficit. However, other measures of the Social Welfare and Pensions Act
2009 will also mean fundamental change for pension schemes.

Pensioners will continue to get first priority for their pensions but, under the
Act, any future pension increases will not be granted until workers who have
also contributed to the scheme, and have yet to retire, receive their share of
benefits.

In addition, pensioners can now be affected by changes made as part of a
restructuring of a pension scheme to improve its position   although their
existing payments cannot be cut.

Indeed, given the situation facing defined benefit schemes   where the employer
undertakes to pay a fixed monthly benefit to the employee on retirement   the
Irish Brokers Association is calling on the Government to abolish such pensions.

Pointing to the situation whereby older members of a defined benefit scheme
receive their benefit first, the association says younger employees of defined
benefit schemes  have a real prospect of ending up with a zero pension .

Employees cannot continue to believe their retirements are secure, nor can
employers be expected to continue to fund such schemes never knowing the true
extent of their future liabilities.

DB [defined benefit] schemes belong to a different era and should for the
benefit of all be wound up,  says Ciarán Phelan, chief executive of the
association.

It has also been suggested that, in order to boost the solvency of defined
benefit schemes, the Government should allow all pension schemes access to the
Pips on a once-off basis. However, this is seen to be unlikely.

While Kennedy acknowledges that there would likely be significant interest in
such a move, she notes that the Government is taking on a level of risk with the
Pips.

While it expects the scheme will be cost-neutral, she points out that the
Government will not actually know how much it will cost until the last pensioner
is paid.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 27, 2008

Question of money: Transferring pensions into PRSA account a tricky business

SECTION: THE MARKET

LENGTH: 539 words


Dilemma

I have worked for three employers over the last ten years and, as a result, I
have been in three occupational pension schemes. I have also opened a personal
retirement savings account (PRSA).

I am hoping to combine my two previous occupational pensions into my PRSA, while
maintaining my current occupational pension scheme. Is that possible? What do I
need to consider, and would I face any fees or tax liabilities?

Solution This is a complex question, which I would like to answer in two parts.

1) Should you move the pension funds at all?

2) If you do move them, is your PRSA the best place to move them to?

Firstly, you need to look first at the type of occupational pension scheme
provided by each of your previous employers. There are three kinds of schemes
offered by Irish employers: defined benefit (DB), defined contribution (DC), and
PRSA. I am assuming that neither employer offered the PRSA-type scheme as, had
they done so, you presumably would not have opened up one of your own.

If your preserved benefits are in a DB scheme, then you would be unwise to move
them at all. All investment risk in a DB scheme is carried by the sponsoring
employer, as your post-retirement income from the scheme is guaranteed, no
matter how markets perform.

Pre-retirement transfers from a DB scheme rarely reflect the full value of the
benefit you are leaving behind. If the scheme is under-funded - as many schemes
in Ireland are - the trustees will only be able to transfer a percentage of the
value.

For example, if your transfer value is  100,000 and the scheme is 80 per cent
funded, only  80,000 would be transferred into your new scheme. So if your old
scheme was a DB scheme, take detailed professional advice before making any
moves to transfer.

If your preserved benefits are in a DC scheme, you might be making the right
choice in moving your funds. The wisdom of moving will be dictated by the
charging structures of your old scheme, compared to that offered by the
receiving scheme. There are no tax implications in making a move, as you are
really only transferring funds from one pension fund to another and no personal
benefit accrues.

However, there may well be entry charges levied by your receiving scheme,
depending on the structure of that scheme, and there may be exit penalties
levied on your occupational pension scheme. Again, you should take detailed
professional advice.

If you do decide to transfer, you will still find it very difficult to move
funds into your PRSA. Under current legislation, the provider of any PRSA
seeking to receive a transfer from an occupational pension scheme must provide a
significant level of indemnity cover, except where that occupational scheme is
being wound up.

This requirement was introduced to prevent pension mis-selling and providers
adhere to it strictly.

So, while you could transfer to your PRSA in theory, unless your previous
employer has wound up its pension scheme, and you had less than 15 years'
service in that scheme, you will not be able to transfer in practice.

You could, of course, transfer into your current occupational scheme - again, it
is worth seeking expert professional advice on this.

Ian Mitchell is managing director of Deloitte Pensions and Investments

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday

GAA insist grants scheme doesn't breach amateur status

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 3930 words


However, anti-lobby group Of One Belief are unwavering in their opposition, with
spokesman Mark Conway stating: "If it's about giving money to people to play
Gaelic Games, whatever guise it's given for and under whatever heading, as far
as we are concerned it breaks Rule 11.''

However former Tipperary chairman Con Hogan, chairman of the GAA's Organisation,
Planning & Development Committee and a key member of the negotiating team, said
the scheme gives effect to the Government's ''desire to recognise the
contribution of senior inter-county players''.

And while recognising that people have a concern about the amateur ethic, Duffy
says that they ''can accept'' that the scheme was structured in such a way that
it meets Rule 11.

He added: "Players for their part can see that the Association has worked hard
to develop a scheme that allows them to get the recognition from the State they
have been asking for a long time.''

Conway said he was eagerly looking forward to studying the document agreed at
the Central Council meeting on Monday.

"Our problem is that we don't know what it is. What the GAA said when we went to
the DRA at the end of January was that they had made no decision, so the only
detail that the ordinary GAA person was allowed to see on this was the agreement
published last November.

"The GAA said we haven't agreed that, we are going to agree a new one on the
17th of March and nobody has seen that. So we don't know if it's the same or
different from what they agreed last year.''

In relation to this point, Duffy said that while the final document was ''far
more detailed, very different and far more specific,'' it included nothing that
was contrary to the original document.

Advised of the method through which the players can claim for ''vouched
expenses,'' Conway responded: "We have an expenses system in the GAA which is
covered by rule. There are standard expenses which everybody gets if you claim.
But, don't forget that 99% of GAA people are not covered by that. We are
creating a separate system for a small elite group of inter-county players to
give them money under the heading of expenses. For a county secretary, county
chairman or the club grounds person, it costs them the same money to run their
car as an inter-county footballer or hurler.

"If we are now going into a position where we are going to treat one small group
of our people very differently from others, it begs the major question, where
are we going? And as I recall, when the GPA first came into being, one of their
big gripes was a mileage rate for officials and there was a second, lower, rate
for players. And they were rightly up in arms over that; they were saying how
can we make fish of one and flesh of another. What appears now a short time
later, lo and behold, we have gone and done the complete opposite of that, we
are going to have two rates. And that's not right, that's not what the GAA is
about."

Hogan, meanwhile, stressed the importance of every panel participating in the
scheme being committed to a formal development plan.

"The scheme recognises the fact that the longer you are in the championship, the
greater the amount of expenses you will incur. Any monies from the squad fund
that cannot be claimed under vouched expenses will be paid to a team development
fund, none of which will be claimable by an individual. The plan will be no more
than any serious inter-county management team will put in place. It will have
key performance indicators and targets, it will be results driven and we'll
provide a template to assist counties.''

A new body, the National Scheme Committee, will administer the fund and county
committees will not make any financial disbursements. The current total funding
available is EUR 3.5 million. Teams which exit championship early will have the
possibility to claim vouched expenses up to the amount of EUR 1,400 and the
total available will be EUR 42,000 (for a panel of 30). The maximum expenses for
a player involved up to All-Ireland final will be EUR 2,500 (squad amount EUR
75,000).

Significantly, Hogan said they have ''very strong legal opinion'' that their
programme is totally compliant with Rule 11. "Why wouldn't it be?'' he asked.
"It's to do with the claiming of vouched expenses and any unclaimed expenses
going into a development fund which will not be claimable by any individual
player. It is also completely - and we have strong legal opinion on this -
compliant with European law and cannot be described as remuneration for services
rendered. So, in other words there is no contract and it is also tax
compliant.''

On this point, Duffy added that the GAA had received reassurances from top legal
people and experts in European and Irish tax law.

On the issue of European Law, Hogan said they were very careful to ensure that
there would be ''no issues'' with the scheme. "We were absolutely determined to
make sure that nothing in these schemes would be construed in any way to come
under the rule. Our advice is that in no way would our schemes be affected.
There is no question of a contract of employment.''

Explanatory material on Government grants distributed at Tuesday's GAA press
briefing:

ANNUAL TEAM PERFORMANCE SCHEME AND ANNUAL SUPPORT SCHEME FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF
EXCELLENCE

IN THE INDIGENOUS SPORTS OF HURLING AND GAELIC FOOTBALL

1. Introduction

The Minister for Arts, Sports and Tourism has provided the funds to allow the
Irish Sports Council to introduce the schemes ("the Schemes"), details of which
are set out below to recognise the outstanding contribution of Gaelic
inter-county players to our indigenous sport, to meet additional costs
associated with elite team performance and to encourage aspiring teams and
players to reach the highest levels of sporting endeavour.

2. Rationale

Gaelic senior inter-county players provide the window through which our national
games are viewed nationally and internationally. It is recognised that
successful teams prepare and train to highest international standards for team
sports. It is also recognised that the current scheme of tax relief for
professional sports people does not apply to Gaelic players because of their
amateur status. The Schemes will be based on participation in the GAA
All-Ireland football championship and the GAA All-Ireland hurling championship
("the Championships").

3. Definitions

For the purposes of the Schemes:-

Central Council Means the Central Council of the GAA.

Championship Season Means in relation to an inter-county team the period
commencing 1 May and ending on the date that the team ceases to participate in
the Championships.

Eligible Expenses Means vouched expenses (including but not limited to
appropriate mileage expenses) incurred by a player in a Relevant Year in the
course of compliance by him with the requirements of paragraph 7.2 (Conditions
applicable to players personally).

However, such expenses must be in accordance with the standard rates in respect
of such expenses as are from time to time approved by Central Council.

Eligible Expenses do not include expenses to the extent that those expenses have
already been reimbursed or discharged by the County Committee. However, where an
expense has partly been discharged by the County Committee, the balance of that
expense may be included in Eligible Expenses.

Maximum Refund Has the meaning given in paragraph 8.4 (Refund of Eligible
Expenses).

National Scheme Committee Means the National Scheme Committee referred to in
paragraph 9.1

Panel Means in relation to an inter-county team participating in a Championship
the players from time to time on the Panel of players recognised by the Team
Committee as being the players from which the team is chosen, and may include
injured players retained on that Panel.

Reference Amount Means in relation to a player the amount set out in the second
column of Schedule 1 opposite the performance position achieved by his Panel as
set out in the first column.

Relevant Year Means the period commencing 1 January of the relevant Championship
Season and ending at the end of the Championship Season.

Refund Amount Has the meaning given in paragraph 8.2 (Refund Amount).

Scheme Points Means the number of points allocated in accordance with paragraph
8.3 (Scheme Points) to a player for the purpose of calculating his share of the
Total Panel Amount appropriate to his team set out in Schedule 1.

Team Committee Means in relation to an inter-county team, the County Panels
Finance Sub-Committee or such other body or person as is from time to time
designated by the National Scheme Committee in relation to that team.

Team Development Account Has the meaning given in paragraph 10 (Team Development
Account).

Total Panel Amount Means in relation to a Panel the amount set out in the third
column of Schedule 1opposite the performance position achieved by the Panel as
set out in the first column.

4. The Schemes

4.1. Annual Team Performance Scheme

The Annual Team Performance Scheme will be based on the performance of teams
during the Championships and will apply to the twelve GAA football teams
qualifying for the third round of the All Ireland Qualifier Series or reaching a
provincial final and the twelve hurling teams participating in the McCarthy Cup.

4.2. Annual Support Scheme for the development of excellence

The Annual Support Scheme for the development of excellence will be based on the
achievement of standards and performance based criteria designed to
raise/maintain the levels of preparation of the teams and individuals. This
Scheme shall apply to teams participating in the Championships, but not
qualifying for the Team Performance Scheme.

5. Funding

An amount of EUR 3.5m will be provided in 2008 to fund the Schemes. The amount
required to fund the Schemes in subsequent years shall be determined by the
Minister. The Irish Sports Council shall transfer that amount to Central Council
for the account of the National Scheme Committee following the furnishing of
such accounts and supporting documentation as the Irish Sports Council shall
require.

6. Development Plans

The GAA will publish a template of a development plan to be adopted by each Team
Committee in relation to each of the county's Championship teams following the
approval of that template by the National Scheme Committee. That template will
include amongst other items the following:-

6.1. key performance indicators for the team. These indicators will include
Panel targets and objectives;

6.2. formulation of an appropriate training regime for the Panel ;

6.3. provision of comprehensive information and advice on the anti-doping code;

6.4. provision as appropriate of qualified personnel to enhance player/team
development including advice and support in all aspects of team and individual
fitness, nutrition, health and wellbeing associated with the playing of the
games;

6.5. presence of certified medical personnel at all inter-county games;

6.6. regular fitness testing of players;

6.7. setting of minimum requirements in respect of injured players to
demonstrate that they are participating satisfactorily in rehabilitation;

6.8. participation by players in coaching and games development work in the
county on a voluntary basis and in initiatives at county and national level to
promote their sports as a healthy activity for all ages;

6.9. establishment of a code of conduct to which all players and team management
are required to adhere;

6.10. acceptance by the Team Committee and the team management of the charter
for inter-county teams to be published by the GAA and as amended from time to
time;

6.11. establishment of a system to take account of players joining or departing
from the Panel.

7. Conditions of eligibility for participation in the Schemes

A player shall not be entitled to participate in the Schemes unless his team is
one of the teams to which the Schemes apply and the conditions set out below
applicable to his team and to the player personally have been fulfilled.

7.1. Conditions applicable to the team

7.1.1. The Team Committee has adopted a development plan in accordance with the
template and has submitted that plan to the National Scheme Committee in
accordance with such procedures and timetable as are specified by the National
Scheme Committee from time to time.

7.1.2. The Team Committee furnishes such evidence as is, from time to time,
required by the National Scheme Committee to demonstrate compliance with the
development plan.

7.2. Conditions applicable to players personally

The Team Committee and/or the player concerned (as required by the National
Scheme Committee) makes such returns and furnishes such evidence as is, from
time to time, specified by the National Scheme Committee to demonstrate
compliance by the player concerned with the following requirements:-

7.2.1. attendance at at least 80% of all training sessions and matches of the
team in the Championship Season;

Where a player is injured and is excused by the team management from attendance,
the minimum attendance will be 80% of all training sessions and matches other
than those for which the player has been excused.

7.2.2. demonstrating in accordance with the development plan of improvement in
fitness through regular testing;

7.2.3. strict compliance with the anti-doping code;

7.2.4. in the case of injured players, demonstrating in accordance with the
development plan that the player is participating satisfactorily in
rehabilitation;

7.2.5. commitment to participate in coaching and games development work in his
county on a voluntary basis;

7.2.6. in cooperation with the Local Sports Partnerships, a commitment to visit
schools and youth facilities as part of an overall policy to promote increased
participation in his sport;

7.2.7. involvement as is from time to time reasonably required in initiatives at
county and national level to promote his sport as a healthy activity for all
ages.

8. Refund of Eligible Expenses

8.1. Basis of Schemes

The Schemes will operate by way of refund of Eligible Expenses in accordance
with the provisions set out below and by way of the payment to the Team
Development Fund in accordance with clause 10 (Team Development Fund). The
structure of the Schemes recognises that the longer a player's team is involved
in the Championship, the greater the expenses that will be incurred by the
player. Although the total of funding available to a team is calculated by
reference to 30 players per Panel, it is recognised that there may be more than
30 players per Panel and that there may be players whose participation on the
Panel is only for part of a Championship Season.

8.2. Refund Amount

A player shall be entitled to a refund of Eligible Expenses (his "Refund
Amount") up to the lesser of his Reference Amount and his Maximum Refund.

8.3. Scheme Points

A player will be credited with 100 Schemes Points if he has been on the Panel
for the entirety of the Championship Season. Where a player has been on the
Panel for part only of the Championship Season, he shall be entitled to 20
Scheme Points for each one fifth part of the Championship Season that he has
been on the Panel, rounded up to the nearest fifth part.

8.4. Maximum Refund

The Maximum Refund to which a player is entitled is that part of the relevant
Total Panel Amount that is in the same proportion that his Scheme Points bear to
the total Scheme Points of his Panel.

8.5. Dual players

A player who is on the Panel of both the hurling and football teams of his
county shall elect, prior to making an application for a refund of Eligible
Expenses in respect of a year under the Schemes, the team in respect of which he
intends to make an application. For the purpose of this Scheme, the player shall
be deemed not to have been part of the Panel of the other team. In no
circumstances may a player claim a refund of expenses in relation to two Panels.

8.6. Unclaimed Expenses

In the event that a player or players do not claim the refund of Eligible
Expenses up to the Refund Amount, either in whole or in part, the amount not so
claimed shall be dealt with in accordance with paragraph 10 (Team Development
Account) and shall not be added to the amount claimable by the other members of
the Panel calculated in accordance with paragraph 8.4 (Maximum Refund).

8.7. Total Panel Amount

In no circumstances shall the amount of Eligible Expenses refunded under the
Schemes to a Panel exceed the Total Panel Amount of that Panel as set out in
Schedule 1.

9. Administration of the Schemes

9.1. National Scheme Committee

The National Scheme Committee will comprise three nominees of Central Council,
one of whom shall be the chairperson, and two nominees of the GPA. The National
Scheme Committee shall regulate their meetings as they see fit. The quorum for
the transaction of business shall be three, one of whom shall be a nominee of
the GPA and one of whom shall be a nominee of Central Council. The National
Scheme Committee may have meetings by telephone, either by conference telephone
connections or by a series of telephone conversations, or by exchange of
facsimile or email transmissions and addressed to the chairman. The views of the
National Scheme Committee, as ascertained by such telephone conversations or
facsimile or email transmissions, and communicated to the chairman, shall be
treated as votes in favour of or against a particular resolution. A resolution
passed at any meeting held in this manner and signed by the chairman shall be as
valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the National Scheme
Committee duly convened and held.

9.2. Procedures

The National Scheme Committee shall be responsible for the administration of the
Schemes and shall determine from time to time the procedures and regulations to
be followed in connection with the making and processing of applications for
refunds under the Schemes and in connection with the establishment of Team
Development Accounts, the application of the funds paid to Team Development
Accounts under the Schemes and the administration of the Schemes generally.

10. Team Development Account

10.1. Approval of Team Development Account

In relation to each Panel, the Team Development Fund shall be such account of
the Team Committee as is from time to time approved by the National Scheme
Committee, subject to such conditions, regulations and procedures as may from
time to time be set out by the National Scheme Committee in relation to any such
Team Development Account.

10.2. Payments to Team Development Fund

To the extent that the Total Panel Amount in respect of a Panel has not been
claimed by players on the Panel,(being a Panel to which the Schemes apply and in
respect of which the provisions of paragraph 7.1 (Conditions Applicable to the
Team) have been fulfilled) has not been claimed by Players on that Panel, the
balance shall be paid to by the National Scheme Committee to the Team
Development Account .

10.3. Implementation of Development Plan

The funds paid under the Schemes to a Team Development Account shall be applied
in implementation of the relevant development plan submitted pursuant to clause
7.1 (Conditions applicable to the Team). The Team Committee shall account to the
National Scheme Committee in relation to the application of the funds under the
Schemes paid to the Team Development Account in such manner as is reasonably
required from time to time by the National Scheme Committee.

11. Miscellaneous Provisions

11.1. Schemes additional to existing funding

The Schemes are additional to and will not negatively impact upon existing
funding or any future funding provided by the Government to the GAA through the
Irish Sports Council or otherwise.

11.2. Amateur status of GAA not affected

Nothing in the Schemes is intended to or shall be implemented so as to undermine
that amateur status or to be in conflict with rule 11 of the Official Guide of
the GAA.

11.3. Acknowledgements of GPA

The GPA has acknowledged that:-

11.3.1. the refund of expenses as contemplated by the Schemes shall only apply
for so long as government funding is made available for that purpose, will cease
when and if Government funding ceases, that there is no responsibility on the
GAA to continue funding the Schemes in that event and that no such request will
be made by the GPA;

11.3.2. it recognizes that the GAA is an amateur association and their absolute
commitment to the maintenance of the amateur status of the GAA and that nothing
in the Schemes is intended to or shall be implemented so as to undermine that
amateur status or to be in conflict with rule 11 of the Official Guide of the
GAA.

11.4. Tax liability

The Schemes are intended to reimburse vouched expenses only to the extent that
such reimbursement does not give rise to a liability to tax. However each player
shall account to the Revenue Commissioners for any taxation payable in respect
of the sums payable to him pursuant to the Schemes and shall make such returns
in relation to such payments as are required by law.

11.5. Player welfare

This Scheme does not affect the responsibility of the GAA for the welfare of its
players.

11.6. Independent review

The Schemes shall be subject to independent review every three years to be
carried out under the aegis of Irish Sports Council. Arising from that review,
the Minister may revoke or alter one or more of the Schemes in such manner as
the Minister considers appropriate.

11.7. Entitlement to vary Schemes

The Minister may alter the terms of the Schemes from time to time.

12. Dispute resolution

In the event of any dispute or difference as to any entitlement under these
Schemes, that dispute or difference shall be submitted to the National Scheme
Committee for determination. Unless any party to that dispute gives notice of
appeal of the determination of the National Scheme Committee within 10 days of
the National Scheme Committee notifying its decision to the parties concerned,
the decision of the National Scheme Committee shall be final and binding on all
parties.

If notice of such appeal is given within the time referred to above, the matter
shall be finally determined by an appeal committee comprised of one person
nominated by Central Council, one person nominated by the GPA and one
independent person appointed by agreement between the nominees of Central
Council and of the GPA. The Appeal Committee shall make the determination by a
majority vote, shall regulate the proceedings as it sees fit and its
determination shall be final and binding upon the parties. The Appeal Committee
shall act as experts and not as arbitrators. The Appeal Committee shall be
entitled to determine in what proportion the costs and expenses incurred by the
Appeal Committee shall be borne by the parties to the appeal.

DATE: ____________________________

SCHEDULE 1

REFERENCE AMOUNTS AND TOTAL PANEL AMOUNTS

Annual Team Performance Awards

Performance Position Reference Amount

EUR Total Panel Amount

EUR

All-Ireland SFC

Finalists 2,500 75,000

Semi-Finalists 2,300 69,009

Quarter-Finalists 2,100 63,000

Qualifiers Round 3 2,000 60,000

All-Ireland SHC

Finalists 2,500 75,000

Semi-Finalists 2,300 69,000

Quarter-Finalists 2,100 63,000

Phase 4 2,000 60,000

Phase 2/3 1,900 57,000

Annual Grant for the Development of Excellence in the Indigenous

Sports of Hurling and Gaelic Football

Performance Position Grant Amount

EUR Total Panel Amount

Tier 1 - All-Ireland SFC

Qualifiers Round 2 1,800 54,000

Qualifiers Round 1 1,700 51,000

Tier 2 - Tommy Murphy Cup SF

Finalists 1,700 51,000

All Other Participants 1,550 46,500

Tier 2 - Christy Ring Cup SH

Finalists 1,700 51,000

All Other Participants 1,550 46,500

Tier 3 - Nicky Rackard Cup SH

Finalists 1,500 45,000

All Other Participants 1,400 42,000

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  May 4, 1994

Pension schemes curbs under review

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 666 words


THE Government is reviewing proposed investment controls on occupational pension
schemes following widespread concern from employers and pension managers.

Archie Lam, assistant commissioner of insurance, said yesterday key sections of
the Occupational Retirement Scheme Ordinance were under ''careful
consideration'' and could be amended.

About 100 of the 25,000 eligible pension schemes - covering about 800,000
employees and with assets totalling some $ 100 billion - have applied for
registration.

However, most have had to be returned because of errors or omissions in
completing the forms.

Mr Lam told a Global Investor Conference: ''They are the schemes that are
testing the water. But there has been much erroneous completion of forms or
typing errors, resulting in most having to be returned to solicitor or employer
asking them to complete the errors. We are also on a learning curve.''

He said its 35-strong staff would be increased by 21 to cope with the
applications.

Administrators and fund managers of retirement schemes have complained about
several key investment restrictions imposed on funds held for the benefit of
employees.

For example, in the case of those governed by a trust, there have been concerns
about controls on the schemes' assets in pooling arrangements.

Mr Lam said: ''The ordinance also prohibits the investment of the assets of a
scheme in the share capital of a non-listed company, and views have been
expressed by some scheme operators and fund managers that it is unreasonable to
prohibit investment of retirement schemes' assets in shares of companies listed
on overseas stock markets such as Spain, Taiwan and Indonesia. These concerns
are now under careful consideration.''

He stressed that the ordinance neither required setting up of occupational
retirement schemes nor specified any minimum level of benefits.

He said: ''What the ordinance does specify are the various ways . . . a scheme
shall be operated and the requirements that the operators of schemes shall have
to comply with.

''Schemes are required to be either governed by trust or regulated by insurance
arrangement.''

Schemes will have to register, or seek exemption, within a transitional period
of two years, beginning on October 15, 1993.

In addition to the investment restrictions, loans from the scheme to the
employer or his associate are barred, assets must be audited, adequate
contribution levels must be maintained and scheme members must be kept informed
about their benefits.

Mr Lam said the complexity of the arrangements and the need to check existing
schemes were the main reasons for the low number of registrations.

He said: ''Many employers are actively seeking professional advice as regards
restructuring of their schemes, so that they are properly governed by trust or
regulated by insurance arrangement.

''Scheme terms are also to be reviewed to ensure that they comply. Some
employers are taking steps to appoint independent trustees, arrange for funding
and separation of assets, and changing their investment arrangements as
necessary to meet the requirements of the ordinance.''

Occupational schemes are now generally either managed by trust companies,
private trusts or insurance companies.

He said: ''Some schemes are being no more than book reserves which may or may
not be adequate to meet the schemes' liabilities. Furthermore, there is no
accounting standard on the accounting or auditing of schemes.

''The financial obligations of employers under defined benefit schemes are not
well defined and timely actuarial valuation is not always available.

''Few employees are in a position to assess the continued financial soundness of
the schemes to which they belong and they are not always given adequate
information.''

Employers offering the schemes can claim tax relief, use them as an alternative
means for funding long service or severance payments and as a perk to attract
and retain staff.


LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              227 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Assets, stocks and properties: Govt working on 'voluntary declaration scheme'

BYLINE: SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. 53 No. 69

LENGTH: 494  words


The government is seriously working on a 'voluntary declaration scheme' for
individuals to legalise their undeclared assets, stocks and properties including
assets/properties held aboard.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Thursday that the Ministry of Finance and
Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) are examining different options in this regard.
The objective of the scheme is to encourage individuals to bring back their
assets/properties held outside the country. The tax rate of the scheme has yet
not been proposed.

Sources further said that the scheme was discussed in the last meeting of the
tax reforms implementation committee (TRIC) held on March 2 and a detailed
presentation was made by a member of TRIC from private sector. The task of
preparing the draft of the scheme was assigned to TRIC private members. After
this presentation, according to the reliable information, TRIC private members
have been assigned the task of preparing draft scheme to be presented to Finance
Minister Ishaq Dar.

According to rough estimates, assets held by Pakistanis aboard may be within the
range of US$80-85 billion to US$120 billion. The scheme would be designed in a
way to attract Pakistanis to declare their foreign assets and properties in
Pakistan.

Some of the key features of the proposed scheme may include confidentiality of
the data and taxpayers, who would opt for 'voluntary declaration schemes'. It
has also been proposed that the scheme should not be allowed to the public
office holders.

The scheme may make it compulsory for the persons, availing scheme, to file
their income tax returns for a consecutive period of five years. There might be
some mechanism to immediately register and document the persons availing the
scheme through issuance of National Tax Number (NTN) to them.

In line with the past amnesty schemes, the government may introduce the scheme
for a period up to six months.

When contacted, an expert said that Pakistan can benefit by introducing a scheme
for persons having offshore assets on the pattern of successful experience of
India and Indonesia to bring concocter money into the documented economy. An
'Income Declaration Scheme' was launched in India on June 01, 2016. Under the
scheme, those who had evaded taxes were given the opportunity to avoid
punishment by paying tax, penalty and cess totaling 45 per cent of the
undisclosed income. Up to October 1, 2016, declarants (64,275) declared
approximately $97.5 billion. The scheme is expected to get approximately $44.8
billion as tax revenue from the scheme. Indonesia also introduced a tax amnesty
scheme recently. The amnesty helped collect $7.45 billion during the first phase
of the scheme which expired on September 30, 2016. Around 366,757 taxpayers
signed up for the first phase of the scheme declaring approximately $277
billion. Pakistan can also benefit by introducing a scheme on similar lines to
bring concocter money into the documented economy, the expert said.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

SMRT privatisation offer fair and reasonable: IFA, IDs;
Minority sharesholders urged to vote in support of scheme of arrangement on Sept
29

BYLINE: Jacquelyn Cheok , SMRT privatisation offer fair and reasonable: IFA, IDs

SECTION: COMPANIES & MARKETS; Transport

LENGTH: 783 words


THE independent directors (IDs) of SMRT Corporation have unanimously recommended
that minority shareholders vote in favour of Temasek Holdings' offer to take
SMRT Corporation private through a scheme of arrangement.

They concur with independent financial adviser (IFA) Rothschild (Singapore)'s
opinion that the offer - made through the Singapore investment company's wholly
owned subsidiary Belford Investmens - is fair and reasonable from a financial
standpoint.

Minority shareholders can choose to sell their shares in the open market if they
are able to obtain a price higher than the scheme price of S$1.68 a share, after
taking into consideration related transaction expenses.

In a scheme document that SMRT submitted to Singapore Exchange (SGX) on Tuesday,
the IFA concluded that the scheme price represented a premium over various
metrics used.

"The scheme price represents a premium of approximately 10.8 per cent, 10.7 per
cent, 8.7 per cent, and 15.5 per cent respectively over the volume weighted
average price of the shares in the one-month, three-month, six-month and
12-month periods preceding the joint announcement date."

Rothschild pointed out that the scheme price was a premium of about 8.7 per cent
to the closing price of S$1.55 on the last trading day before the announcement
of the scheme.

The scheme price also represented a premium of about 24.4 per cent to the median
broker research price target of S$1.35 before the joint announcement date, and a
premium of about 23.5 per cent to the median broker research target price of
S$1.36 as at the latest practicable date.

Rothschild said: "The terms of the scheme from a financial point of view are
fair and reasonable so far as the scheme shareholders are concerned."

The IDs said that the scheme shareholders should be aware that there was no
assurance that the trading volumes and market prices of the scheme shares would
be maintained at the current levels prevailing as at the latest practicable
date, if the scheme did not become effective.

"In the event the scheme becomes effective, it will be binding on all scheme
shareholders whether or not they were present in person or by proxy or voted at
the scheme meeting. Scheme shareholders should also be aware and note that there
is currently no certainty that the scheme will become effective and binding."

SMRT said that the scheme meeting will be convened on Sept 29, 3.30pm, at The
Star Theatre, Level 5.

It will take place after the NRFF EGM, which will begin at 2.30pm. This is the
extraordinary general meeting of the company in relation to the proposed sale of
its operating assets, in connection with the contemplated transition from the
current rail financing framework to the new rail financing framework (NRFF).

The scheme document outlined reasons why Temasek sought to take SMRT private:
significant risks and challenges under the NRFF, often beyond SMRT's control;
the larger challenge of an ageing network; preference for SMRT to have greater
flexibility as a private company to focus on its core role of delivering a safe
and reliable service during this transition phase, and ensuring high standards
of operational excellence; and an opportunity for minority shareholders to
receive a cash offer and avoid the uncertainties of the regulatory transition.

The scheme meeting - through a shareholders' vote - will determine if Belford
will acquire SMRT at S$1.68 apiece. Temasek owns about 54 per cent of SMRT, and
cannot vote on Belford's proposal at the meeting.

Should the scheme be approved by the scheme shareholders and the court, the
shareholders will receive S$1.68 a share within seven business days from the
date the scheme becomes effective. SMRT shares will no longer be traded on SGX.
If the scheme is not successful, Belford will not acquire any shares or make any
payments under the scheme. SMRT shares will continue trading on SGX.

Scheme shareholders can attend the scheme meeting in person, or appoint a proxy
to vote at the meeting.

On July 20, SMRT and Temasek jointly announced the S$1.18-billion buyout of
SMRT, following which several analysts have recommended that SMRT shareholders
accept the offer.

CIMB said in a note: "The privatisation should give SMRT more flexibility to
focus on its primary role as a transport service provider, without the pressures
of a listed company, during its transition to the NRFF."

OCBC said that the offer presents a good opportunity for investors to "cash out
at a premium", but also warned of the proposed buyout falling through. It said
in a note: "We advise investors to look for opportunities to sell part of their
holdings in the open market closer to S$1.68."

On Tuesday, SMRT shares closed flat at S$1.655.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Pension schemes progress in de-risking;
Pension Schemes

LENGTH: 517 words



HIGHLIGHT: Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking,
though smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures.


Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking, though
smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures, according to a major survey
of DB pension schemes, conducted by EY, in conjunction with the Irish
Association of Pension Funds (IAPF).

The survey looked at attitudes towards pension scheme risk and were revealed at
the IAPF Trustee Network Seminar on Risk Management which took place at
Chartered Accountant House, in Dublin last month.

The survey found that larger pension schemes tend to be more conservative and
have made more progress on de-risking, perhaps because these schemes might be
more mature but also perhaps due to the level of time and expertise that can be
offered too them.

The volume and consistency of regulatory change is seen as the biggest single
risk to scheme governance. In seeking to control overall costs 80pc opt to close
the scheme to new joiners; 26pc cap salary increases; 21pc restrict future
accrual; 1/5 of employees subject to increased contributions, the survey found.
The introduction of the Funding Risk Reserve has resulted in schemes facing more
stringent funding targets to protect against future market volatility. It also
found that 75pc of pension schemes have reviewed (40pc) or are currently
reviewing (35pc) their investment policy in light of the new requirements, while
a further 14pc have begun these discussions. Of these, 45pc had carried out a
detailed review of investment policy while 27pc had carried out a joint review
of the scheme's investment and funding policies. According to Jerry Moriarty,
CEO of the IAPF, "This demonstrates the significant impact that the Funding Risk
Reserve is having on pension scheme management. The Risk Reserve is a laudable
belt and braces concept but the timing couldn't be much worse. The requirement
seems to be having a significant impact on these schemes and could question
their long-term viability." "The survey shows that larger schemes tend to be
more conservative and have made more progress on de-risking though there is some
concern that pressure to continue to de-risk could ultimately restrict long-term
returns which in turn could affect pension benefits." Iain Brown, Partner with
EY commented, "Risk and the management of risk has always been a core part of
governing and managing pension schemes. We believe that the Funding Risk Reserve
will result in scheme trustees and sponsoring companies taking a more integrated
approach to pension scheme funding and investment." Other findings from the
survey show that smallest schemes with fund sizes of £10m to £25m generally held
a significantly higher proportion of their assets (an average of around 58pc)
invested in return-seeking assets. As schemes mature and the volume of pension
payments increase, the allocation to return-seeking assets tends to decrease,
due to the need for more predictable, income-producing assets such as bonds. The
average scheme holds around 47pc of assets in return-seeking assets, young
schemes typically hold around 50pc in return-seeking assets, versus an average
of 43pc for mature schemes.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Pension schemes progress in de-risking;
Pension Schemes

LENGTH: 517 words



HIGHLIGHT: Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking,
though smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures.


Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking, though
smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures, according to a major survey
of DB pension schemes, conducted by EY, in conjunction with the Irish
Association of Pension Funds (IAPF).

The survey looked at attitudes towards pension scheme risk and were revealed at
the IAPF Trustee Network Seminar on Risk Management which took place at
Chartered Accountant House, in Dublin last month.

The survey found that larger pension schemes tend to be more conservative and
have made more progress on de-risking, perhaps because these schemes might be
more mature but also perhaps due to the level of time and expertise that can be
offered too them.

The volume and consistency of regulatory change is seen as the biggest single
risk to scheme governance. In seeking to control overall costs 80pc opt to close
the scheme to new joiners; 26pc cap salary increases; 21pc restrict future
accrual; 1/5 of employees subject to increased contributions, the survey found.
The introduction of the Funding Risk Reserve has resulted in schemes facing more
stringent funding targets to protect against future market volatility. It also
found that 75pc of pension schemes have reviewed (40pc) or are currently
reviewing (35pc) their investment policy in light of the new requirements, while
a further 14pc have begun these discussions. Of these, 45pc had carried out a
detailed review of investment policy while 27pc had carried out a joint review
of the scheme's investment and funding policies. According to Jerry Moriarty,
CEO of the IAPF, "This demonstrates the significant impact that the Funding Risk
Reserve is having on pension scheme management. The Risk Reserve is a laudable
belt and braces concept but the timing couldn't be much worse. The requirement
seems to be having a significant impact on these schemes and could question
their long-term viability." "The survey shows that larger schemes tend to be
more conservative and have made more progress on de-risking though there is some
concern that pressure to continue to de-risk could ultimately restrict long-term
returns which in turn could affect pension benefits." Iain Brown, Partner with
EY commented, "Risk and the management of risk has always been a core part of
governing and managing pension schemes. We believe that the Funding Risk Reserve
will result in scheme trustees and sponsoring companies taking a more integrated
approach to pension scheme funding and investment." Other findings from the
survey show that smallest schemes with fund sizes of £10m to £25m generally held
a significantly higher proportion of their assets (an average of around 58pc)
invested in return-seeking assets. As schemes mature and the volume of pension
payments increase, the allocation to return-seeking assets tends to decrease,
due to the need for more predictable, income-producing assets such as bonds. The
average scheme holds around 47pc of assets in return-seeking assets, young
schemes typically hold around 50pc in return-seeking assets, versus an average
of 43pc for mature schemes.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Pension schemes progress in de-risking;
Pension Schemes

LENGTH: 517 words



HIGHLIGHT: Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking,
though smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures.


Irish pension schemes are making considerable progress in de-risking, though
smaller schemes still favour higher risk exposures, according to a major survey
of DB pension schemes, conducted by EY, in conjunction with the Irish
Association of Pension Funds (IAPF).

The survey looked at attitudes towards pension scheme risk and were revealed at
the IAPF Trustee Network Seminar on Risk Management which took place at
Chartered Accountant House, in Dublin last month.

The survey found that larger pension schemes tend to be more conservative and
have made more progress on de-risking, perhaps because these schemes might be
more mature but also perhaps due to the level of time and expertise that can be
offered too them.

The volume and consistency of regulatory change is seen as the biggest single
risk to scheme governance. In seeking to control overall costs 80pc opt to close
the scheme to new joiners; 26pc cap salary increases; 21pc restrict future
accrual; 1/5 of employees subject to increased contributions, the survey found.
The introduction of the Funding Risk Reserve has resulted in schemes facing more
stringent funding targets to protect against future market volatility. It also
found that 75pc of pension schemes have reviewed (40pc) or are currently
reviewing (35pc) their investment policy in light of the new requirements, while
a further 14pc have begun these discussions. Of these, 45pc had carried out a
detailed review of investment policy while 27pc had carried out a joint review
of the scheme's investment and funding policies. According to Jerry Moriarty,
CEO of the IAPF, "This demonstrates the significant impact that the Funding Risk
Reserve is having on pension scheme management. The Risk Reserve is a laudable
belt and braces concept but the timing couldn't be much worse. The requirement
seems to be having a significant impact on these schemes and could question
their long-term viability." "The survey shows that larger schemes tend to be
more conservative and have made more progress on de-risking though there is some
concern that pressure to continue to de-risk could ultimately restrict long-term
returns which in turn could affect pension benefits." Iain Brown, Partner with
EY commented, "Risk and the management of risk has always been a core part of
governing and managing pension schemes. We believe that the Funding Risk Reserve
will result in scheme trustees and sponsoring companies taking a more integrated
approach to pension scheme funding and investment." Other findings from the
survey show that smallest schemes with fund sizes of £10m to £25m generally held
a significantly higher proportion of their assets (an average of around 58pc)
invested in return-seeking assets. As schemes mature and the volume of pension
payments increase, the allocation to return-seeking assets tends to decrease,
due to the need for more predictable, income-producing assets such as bonds. The
average scheme holds around 47pc of assets in return-seeking assets, young
schemes typically hold around 50pc in return-seeking assets, versus an average
of 43pc for mature schemes.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

CDWP okays 19 projects worth Rs 6.62b

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 31

LENGTH: 294  words


The Central Development Working Party (CDWP) has approved 19 projects of worth
Rs 6.62 billion.

According to the details, the meeting, that was held under the chairmanship of
Dr Nadeem ul Haq, Deputy Chairman Planning Commission, considered 40 schemes
costing Rs 237 billion, pertaining to science & technology (S&T), agriculture,
physical planning & housing, industries & commerce, governance, education,
energy, water and transport sectors. However, most of the schemes were referred
to Executive Committee of National Economic Council (ECNEC) or for further
scrutiny.

Out of five schemes of S&T sector, two schemes costing Rs. 1.3 billion were
approved, while three schemes costing 2.9 billion were deferred for further
scrutiny by various Committees. Four schemes in the physical planning & housing
sector costing Rs.870 million were approved.

Out of three schemes of industries & commerce sector one scheme costing Rs.955
million was approved, while two schemes costing Rs.3 billion were deferred for
further scrutiny.   In the Governance sector three schemes costing Rs.1.3
billion were approved. Out of five schemes in education sector three schemes
costing Rs.469 million were approved, while two schemes costing Rs.14.7 billion
were deferred for further scrutiny by various committees.

In the energy sector out of six schemes, two schemes costing Rs. 426 million
were approved, four schemes costing Rs. 56 billion were recommended to ECNEC.

In the water sector out of twelve schemes, four schemes were approved costing
Rs.1.3 billion, five schemes costing Rs.118 billion were recommended for ECNEC
while three schemes were deferred for further scrutiny by various committees.
One scheme in T&C sector costing Rs.12 billion was also recommended to ECNEC.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Medical scheme users ignorant of benefits - survey

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 489  words


Medical scheme users ignorant of benefits - survey

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - Medical scheme members are ill-informed about their entitlement to
prescribed minimum benefits - a key aspect of the Medical Schemes Act which
guarantees a basic basket of care - a survey shows.

This ignorance meant many consumers could not check whether their schemes are
providing them with the benefits to which they are entitled or challenge them
when they fall short of their obligations, said Margaret Hulme, head of
healthcare consulting at Old Mutual Actuaries & Consultants, which conducted the
survey.

Consumers' lack of knowledge also hurts medical schemes, as it damages members'
perceptions of what they get for their monthly contributions, Ms Hulme said.

& Prescribed minimum benefits are driving up costs, and schemes are having to
reduce other benefits to ensure they are covered. Despite all the schemes'
spending on prescribed minimum benefits, members don't appreciate the benefits
they provide,& she said.

Jonathan Broomberg, CEO of SA's biggest medical scheme administrator, Discovery
Health, agreed that consumers found it difficult to navigate the prescribed
minimum benefits environment.

& Medical schemes should make efforts to communicate in plain English, but in
(their) defence, a lot of the complexity arises from the law,& he said.

The Medical Schemes Act says all members, regardless of the option to which they
belong, are entitled to full cover for 270 prescribed minimum benefit
conditions.

Prescribed minimum benefits also include 26 chronic diseases such as diabetes
and HIV/AIDS.

The survey included 21 medical schemes, representing 42% of the industry; 83
employers; and 15 brokerages. It found that schemes varied in how they applied
prescribed minimum benefits.

Open schemes tended to be much stricter in their management of prescribed
minimum benefits compared to closed schemes. The survey found that members of
open schemes were less positive about these benefits than those from closed
schemes, with 70% of respondents from open schemes having mixed feelings,
compared to 25% from closed schemes. Open schemes will accept anyone who can
afford the fees, while closed schemes are restricted to groups of employees or
professions.

Council for Medical Schemes registrar Monwabisi Gantsho took issue with the
survey's findings on the costs of prescribed minimum benefits, saying they did
not & crowd out& other benefits.

& We have been asking industry for many years now to provide us with evidence to
support its allegations that prescribed minimum benefits are 'unaffordable'; we
are still waiting for this evidence. Our research in fact supports an opposing
view: prescribed minimum benefits have no bearing on the sustainability of
medical schemes. In fact, the financial health of medical schemes improved
significantly when prescribed minimum benefits were introduced,& he said.

kahnt@bdfm.co.za

Costs spiral: page 14

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 22, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Beware of waiting periods when joining up

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 506 words


Open medical schemes are obliged by law to admit anyone who applies to join. But
to guard against people who join only when they are sick, schemes are allowed to
impose waiting periods on you under certain circumstances. These are periods
during which you pay contributions but are not entitled to claim from the scheme
.

Schemes can impose the following waiting periods:

u A three-month general waiting period during which time you cannot claim any
benefits, except, in some instances, those for the prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs) - the benefits that schemes must by law provide; and

u A 12-month condition-specific waiting period, during which time you cannot
claim any benefits related to a condition you had when you joined the scheme. It
applies to a condition for which you received medical advice, a diagnosis, care
or treatment, or recommended care or treatment within 12 months before the date
on which you applied to join the scheme.

A scheme cannot impose a waiting period on you, except to continue one that has
already been imposed and that has not yet expired, if:

u You apply for membership or for registration as a dependant within 90 days of
leaving another scheme and the change is due to a change in your employment, or

u You are changing schemes because your employer is changing or terminating the
scheme. In this case you must apply to the new scheme within 90 days of leaving
your previous scheme, the application must be made within a reasonable period
before the start of a new financial year and your membership commences at the
beginning of the financial year.

If neither of these conditions apply, a scheme may impose the following waiting
periods:

u If you have not been a beneficiary (a member or dependant of a member) of a
scheme for 90 days before applying to join a new scheme, it may impose the
three-month general waiting period and/or the 12-month condition-specific
waiting period. These waiting periods will also apply to the PMBs.

u If you have been a beneficiary of a scheme within 90 days of applying, but
have not been a beneficiary of one or more schemes for a continuous period of up
to 24 months, the scheme may apply only the 12-month condition-specific waiting
period (but this will not apply to PMBs) and the balance of any unexpired
general or condition-specific waiting period imposed by your previous scheme.

u If you have been a beneficiary of a scheme within 90 days of applying, and
have been a beneficiary of one or more schemes for a continuous period of more
than 24 months, the scheme may impose the three-month general waiting period but
this will not apply in respect of the PMBs.

The waiting periods are applied to you and your dependants individually.

You cannot "buy out" of a waiting period and cannot remain a member of one
scheme and join another at the same time to have cover while the waiting period
applies.

A scheme can insist you submit a medical report so that it knows what conditions
to apply waiting periods to. The scheme will pay the costs of any medical
examination.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            July 20, 1996, Saturday

In or out? Solving the mysteries of pension schemes

BYLINE: Caroline Merrell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 747 words


About 11 million people belong, through present or former companies, to
occupational pension schemes. However, for the vast majority of those who
participate in such company schemes, the exact nature of what their plans offer
remains a complete mystery.

Their opaque nature is not helped by the fact that the pensions industry likes
to use the most complicated jargon it possibly can to describe how the schemes
work. Here, The Times tries to answer some basic questions about how company
schemes work.


What are the basic types of company pension schemes?


Company pensions are either based on your salary during the final year of
employment or are based on the contributions you and your employer put in.

A final salary scheme is defined by the benefits it provides, up to a maximum of
two-thirds of final salary. The amount that is contributed by the employer and
the employee to produce the benefits, depends on how the particular scheme is
organised.

More than 50 per cent of all company schemes are final-salary schemes, although
this percentage is falling because some pension scheme managers claim that they
will be unable to continue to provide the guaranteed benefits.

A money-purchase scheme, as its name suggests, is where the benefits provided by
the pension scheme are linked to the investment performance of the combined
contributions made by the employee and the employer. Again, a money-purchase
scheme is subject to the Inland Revenue limits of two-thirds of final salary.
The amount of pension received will be linked to the level of annuity that can
be purchased using the mature pension fund.


How do company pension schemes relate to the state earnings related pension
scheme?


Company pension schemes can be contracted in or contracted out of Serps. A
contracted-in scheme means that the employee will get a Serps pension on top of
the pension he or she receives from their employer.

The level of pension a person receives from the State is linked to the level of
National Insurance contributions the individual has made over their lifetime.

A contracted-out scheme means that the employer will put more money into the
pension scheme on the employee's behalf. The employer and the employee will pay
less in National Insurance contributions as a result.

Individual scheme members can opt to contract in or to contract out of Serps on
their own behalf, regardless of their particular scheme.

The decision about whether an individual should be contracted in or contracted
out, depends on the age of the member because the level of rebate changes with
age.


How can individual members contract out of Serps on their own behalf?


It is possible for individuals to contract out of Serps using a rebate-only
personal pension, which is offered by most insurance companies.


Are there any other issues members should consider in their decision about
whether to contract in or to contract out of Serps?


Changes introduced in this year's Pension Act mean that contracted-out money
purchase schemes (Comps) may not be so viable.

Sun Life has written to the trustees of 340 company pension schemes, with a
total of 20,000 members, to give them warning that it is no longer
cost-effective for schemes to be contracted out of the state earnings related
pension scheme.

The warning comes in the wake of changes introduced in this year's Pension Act,
which mean that from next April, the Serps rebate paid by the Department of
Social Security will be much more expensive to collect and will be less than it
has been in previous years.

The new rules will affect all contracted-out money purchase schemes and it is
likely that other insurance companies will be writing to trustees to alert them
to the changes.

Sun Life, which was one of the biggest providers of contracted-out money
purchase schemes, has decided to withdraw from the market altogether.

Paul Smith, Sun Life business development manager, said: From next year, scheme
members who need to be contracted out of Serps should do so using a personal
pension.''

Mr Smith believes that the company schemes would, with the contracting out
rebate, have to produce an 11 per cent a year better return, on average, for
them to be equivalent to a personal pension.

However, other pension companies do not agree with Sun Life's analysis of the
figures and believe that contracted-out money purchase schemes are still viable.


LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Times Newspapers Limited


                              236 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          October 26, 1994, Wednesday

Picking the compensation prizes

BYLINE: Eric Short

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 878 words


Eric Short explains how the proposed compensation scheme would work

It took the Maxwell saga to bring home to the pension industry one obvious
weakness in company-run pension schemes. If there are insufficient assets in a
pension fund, and the company cannot, or will not, make up the deficit, then
payment of pensions is put into jeopardy.

The remedies proposed to protect pensioners and members from being left with
inadequate pensions because of the actions of their employers are the imposition
of a minimum solvency standard, obligations on advisers to blow the whistle on
schemes which appear to be running into problems, and a compensation scheme.

The proposed compensation scheme, to be administered by the pensions ombudsman,
would cover up to 90 per cent of any losses incurred in the fund through theft,
fraud or misappropriation. The compensation payments would be funded by a levy
on all pension schemes.

The precise form of the levy is still being discussed, but it would be based on
some form of payment per member pensioner, and the discussion centres primarily
on whether deferred pensioners should be included in the per head basis.

The compensation scheme means that the good and the honest will be paying for
the misdemeanours of the bad and dishonest the inherent feature of any
compensation scheme, but still a factor that initially caused some disquiet.

Ron Amy, chairman of the National Association of Pension Funds, said that his
members accepted the need for a compensation scheme and that they would be
funding the compensation payments. However, he was emphatic that the scheme had
to be the ultimate safety net the last link in a chain of protective measures,
to be invoked only when all else had failed to stop a scheme becoming insolvent.

For the scheme to be effective, payments to pensioners must start as soon as
there are definite indications that something is amiss and pension payments are
in jeopardy. It cannot wait until it has been proven, in law, that there has
been theft, fraud or misappropriation which may take years to establish.

As such, the administrators of the compensation scheme will have powers to make
interim payments and to borrow to do so, without having to wait until it has
cash from making a levy on pension schemes. The levies can be made later.

Even so, the operations of the compensation scheme must not become tangled up in
bureaucracy and red tape. In the Maxwell case, the pension fund had insufficient
assets because they had been stolen. The pensioners and members of the funds
would have been protected had there been a compensation scheme.

Members and pensioners would also be protected if the assets were insufficient
because the employer failed to pay over the members' and the company
contributions to the scheme: a feature that is more widespread, as a result of
the recession, than theft of assets. This would be counted as misappropriation.

But what happens to pensioners and members of a scheme which has insufficient
assets because it is underfunded, either because contributions have been
insufficient andor investment performance has been poor?

Such deficits will be a charge on the assets of the company. But if the company
is in liquidation and has insufficient assets to meet its creditors, what then?
The compensation scheme will not make up the deficits.

Both the Government and the pensions industry are confident that with the
minimum solvency requirement, and the obligation of the scheme advisers to
report any inadequacies in the scheme to the Regulator as soon as anything looks
amiss, schemes will not be in an unfunded position if they are wound up.

But plans such as this rarely survive intact when they make contact with the
real world. Conditions within a scheme can deteriorate between actuarial
check-ups, and the watered-down minimum solvency requirement has little margin
for error or adverse contingencies.

Mr Amy accepts that this could happen in practice, but feels any underfunding
would not be large and reductions in benefits would be minimal.  He considers
that the alternative of extending the compensation scheme to cover insolvency
through underfunding, which was sought by certain people to provide complete
protection to members and pensioners, would be an open invitation to companies
to underfund their pension schemes.

The NAPF found that most pension schemes were prepared to accept, with
reluctance, a compensation scheme covering losses by theft, fraud or
misappropriation, and pay for such a scheme, provided there were other measures
to minimise the risk of such events.

But they were opposed to a compensation scheme which provided blanket cover
against loss, no matter what other measures were introduced to minimise such
losses. So no one within the pension industry is prepared to consider, let alone
comment on, what will be the reaction when a scheme is wound up with
insufficient assets and members and pensioners are not protected by the scheme.

If this does happen, there will need to be a complete rethink on protection for
pensioners stronger solvency requirements, such as a minimum funding rate
advocated by the trade unions, and wider protection from the compensation scheme
.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Times Newspapers Limited


                              237 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                February 6, 1993

Pension protection and rights under scrutiny

BYLINE: Gillian Barton

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 927 words


ONE of the biggest investments most of us make during our lives is in our
pension, yet it's far from clear exactly what our pension rights are and just
what protection there is when something goes wrong with that investment.

Last year the scandal of the missing Maxwell pension millions dramatically
pushed the question of pension rights into the spotlight. In response, the
Government set up a major review of pensions law, headed by Professor Roy Goode,
to look into the whole question of a legal framework for company pensions.

More than 1000 submissions have been sent into the review body by interested
parties and the committee now has until June to come up with its main
recommendations.

The main issues being considered are the protection given to the rights and
expectations of pension scheme members, the extent of control and influence
exercised by employers, how pension scheme surpluses should be used and whether
a compensation scheme is needed.

The National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF) believes a tighter regulatory
system is needed to protect members of UK pension schemes and that new measures
are needed to strengthen solvency and disclosure requirements. But because no
system can entirely wipe out fraud the NAPF believes any new framework needs to
be underpinned by a compensation scheme.

"The tighter regulatory system we propose will make it a great deal harder for a
pension fraud to be committed, but no amount of regulation can make it
impossible," says Brian MacMahon, NAPF chairman.

"That is why there is so much support for a compulsory compensation scheme as
the final step in a range of measures to protect the members of pension schemes
."

The NAPF believes that pension scheme assets should be placed under the control
of custodians who should be regulated and that schemes should be measured
against minimum solvency standards on a yearly basis, although it thinks that
trust law remains the right legal framework for pension schemes.

Many believe that the answer is a new Pensions Act, to bring together all the
bits of law currently affecting pension schemes. The Alexander Consulting Group,
which has its head office in Glasgow, suggests a new "statutory trustee" should
be appointed to make sure schemes are operated in line with the new act.

Like the NAPF the Alexander Group believes a compensation scheme is needed, but
suggests a two-tier system. The first element would cover all pension
arrangements, including personal pensions, against fraud or maladministration.

The second tier would cover only final salary schemes and would protect benefits
if the scheme has to be wound up. This part of the compensation scheme would be
paid for by a levy on the UK's 11 million final salary scheme members together
with a charge on employers.

Many believe there's no reason why, at present, employees whose schemes go wrong
should not have at least the same level of compensation afforded to individuals
whose money is managed by a member of IMRO, one of the self -regulatory bodies
set up by the Financial Services Act.

This level of compensation though is limited to 100% of losses up to £30,000,
then 90% on the next £20,000, making a maximum payment of £48,000 -- and that
could fall well short of the actual benefits accumulated by many scheme members.

Perhaps one of the biggest arguments to be resolved concerns the question of
pension fund surpluses. These appear when schemes enjoy better-than-expected
investment returns and, in the past, have often been used by the company itself
to stop making contributions to the scheme.

But it's been argued that pension scheme members should benefit from surpluses
too.

The worry is that if the Goode Committee goes too far in preventing employers
from making use of scheme surpluses, employers will retaliate by scrapping the
provision of final salary pension schemes.

The CBI has already said it will resist legislation preventing employers from
using pension scheme surpluses for their own benefit.

While a new legal framework for pensions may well be the outcome of the current
review, it's worth remembering that pension scheme members are gradually
becoming entitled to a wider range of rights when it comes to information about
their schemes.

Details of the pension scheme and trustees' reports must now be provided within
one month of being requested. Individual benefit statements and transfer value
quotations must be provided within two months of being requested. But despite
the changes there remain problems with getting information about your pension
scheme.

Spouses of scheme members are still not entitled to specific information about
the benefits due to them, for example, only a general idea of the details of the
scheme including what percentage of a spouse's pension they would inherit.

It's only when a husband or wife actually becomes a beneficiary that they are
given full details of their entitlement. Until then they have to rely on their
spouse to keep them informed.

Another problem relates to transfer values. These must be given on request and
that request is supposed to be confidential. But many employees are reluctant to
ask in case their employer finds out.

Some commentators feel that it would be better to provide transfer values
automatically each year, along with the annual benefit statement so that
employees can judge the value of staying in their scheme without the fear that
they're putting their employment prospects in jeopardy.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1993 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              238 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          December 19, 1992, Saturday

Pressure intensifies for pension compensation

BYLINE: By Sara McConnell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1005 words


PRESSURE on the government to introduce a compensation fund for members of
company pension schemes as part of a radical overhaul of pension regulation
intensified this week. The industry, however, remains deeply divided over how
wide ranging any compensation scheme ought to be.

Many people who find their pensions are underfunded, or who have lost benefits
through maladministration, may not be covered if the government accepts
proposals for more limited compensation.

The Pension Law Review Committee received the last of more than 1,000
submissions this week as the deadline passed for comments on a wide-ranging
questionnaire. The comments received from all sectors of the pensions industry,
unions and members of the public, are likely to form the basis for a new
pensions regime.

The committee was set up under Professor Roy Goode this summer after it was
discovered that Pounds 500 million was missing from the pension funds of
companies controlled by Robert Maxwell. Only Pounds 140 million of this has so
far been retrieved. Those running and administering company schemes insist that
Maxwell was an aberration and that most pension schemes are honestly and
properly run. However, the submissions to the Goode committee demonstrate a
growing concern that occupational pensions are insufficiently regulated and that
scheme members have no financial redress outside the courts, even if employers
are found to have been perpetrating fraud.

The Goode committee has been told by the various bodies making submissions that
there should be a single, strong statutory regulator for occupational pension
schemes. This would have the power to take over the administration of a pension
scheme, or appoint an independent trustee. It would also take over the duties of
the pensions ombudsman, the occupational pensions board which supervises schemes
to check that they conform with the regulations and the pensions registry, which
traces the pension rights of scheme members.

Stronger supervision and regulation of pension schemes would, in theory, reduce
the need for a compensation scheme, as would compulsory minimum funding of the
scheme so that there was enough money to pay the promised benefits. Submissions
to the committee said that if funding fell below the minimum level, employers
should be obliged to make up the shortfall.

However, John Quarrell, partner in Nabarro Nathanson and one of the advisers
involved in unearthing funds missing from Maxwell pensions, said: ''There is
nothing that can be done to stop a man who is determined to do something
regardless of the law. A man like Maxwell thought, and I believe this, that he
was beyond and above the law.'' A compensation scheme is needed as a final
safety net, the pensions industry believes. Unlike other investors saving for
their futures, members of final salary occupational pension schemes are not at
present covered by any compensation scheme.

The only limited redress could come from the Investors' Compensation Scheme if
an investment management company, regulated by the Investment Managers'
Regulatory Organisation (Imro) handling pension fund money, were declared in
default. The maximum payout under the ICS is, however, only Pounds 48,000 per
person. Those whose employers have set up pension schemes with insurance
companies would be covered by the Policyholders' Protection Act if the insurance
company investing the pension money became insolvent or where there was fraud or
maladministration. The Policyholders' Protection Board would pay up to 90 per
cent of benefits to policyholders.

Similar limits are being suggested for members of company schemes. But bodies
such as the Confederation of British Industry, as well as many individual
employers, argue that a compensation scheme for company schemes should be
restricted to paying out if there were proven fraud and that any payout under
such a scheme should be limited. It should also be partially underwritten by the
government.

The National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF) made a last-minute retreat this
week in the face of threats from members to resign if the Association told the
Goode committee that there should be compensation if members did not get their
benefits because of underfunding or maladministration. In its submission to the
Goode committee, the CBI said that it was ''neither fair nor practical'' for a
compensation scheme to pay out to employees whose schemes had been underfunded
or where maladministration had occurred, since this would mean good employers
subsidising bad.

There is also concern that less scrupulous employers would be encouraged by the
backstop of a compensation scheme to invest recklessly and perhaps to
misappropriate funds.

Others say that there is often a thin dividing line between fraud and other
sorts of maladministration, and it could be difficult to decide when the
compensation scheme should apply if it were limited. John Quarrell said: ''It is
almost impossible to restrict a compensation scheme to fraud. We all sympathise
with the cry 'Why do the good have to subsidise the bad', but this is naive.''

A full compensation scheme would be expensive for schemes to fund. Sean Hand,
head of the pensions unit at Cameron Markby Hewitt, the firm of solicitors, said
the expense of paying out could be reduced if both trustees and assets had to be
compulsorily insured as a pre-condition of membership of the compensation scheme
.

One way of paying for a scheme would be to build up a fund with regular
compulsory contributions. Ian Aitken, partner in R Watson, the actuary, and
chairman of the Pensions Management Institute working party on pension law
reform, said an annual contribution of of 1 per cent of the assets of all
pension schemes would produce a compensation fund of Pounds 100 million in six
years. Levies could also be charged when necessary. Another way of funding it
would be to levy all schemes if one got into trouble and qualified for a payout
under the compensation scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited


                              239 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                October 15, 2015

                                 Latchways PLC

                 Hopton Park, Devizes, SN10 2JP, United Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 44-1380-732700
FAX: 44-1380-732701
URL: http://www.latchways.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: LTC
ISIN: GB0001572964

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: October 03,1997

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
Jamie Matheson Non-Executive  23-04-2014     David Hearson (age 62) was
               Director                      appointed Chief Executive in
                                             September 1995. He was formerly
                                             with IBM in both the UK and
                                             overseas.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Latchways plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production,
distribution, and installation of industrial safety products primarily in Europe
and North America. It operates in three segments: Safety Products, Safety
Services, and Specialist Fixing. The Safety Products segment designs and
manufactures fall protection equipment for people working at height. It offers
products for those working on rooftops, crane rails, ladders, telecom masts, and
electricity transmission towers. This segment sells its products directly, as
well as through independent installers. The Safety Services segment engages in
the installation, inspection, and servicing of fall protection and other
equipment. The Specialist Fixing segment offers a range of technical services,
including structural building refurbishment and fixing solutions. The company
offers its products to various industries, including aerospace, power
transmission, utilities, and telecommunications industries; and for worker
safety on a range of buildings, towers, bridges, and structures. Latchways plc
was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Devizes, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Support Services sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in )
Sales                                    33,089,000
Gross Profit                             17,072,000
Interest                                     20,000
Interest Revenue                             11,000
Net Profit                                4,255,000
Earnings Before Interest                 10,956,000
and Tax
Tax                                         668,000
Working Capital                          21,760,000
Shareholders Funds                       34,324,000
Net Tangible Assets                      27,836,000
Net Assets                               34,324,000
Current Assets                           25,044,000
Total Non-Current Assets                 13,219,000
Total Assets                             38,263,000
Current Liabilities                       3,284,000
Total Liabilities                         3,939,000
Total Investing Cashflow                 -1,062,000
Total Financial Cashflow                 -4,450,000
Net Operating Cashflow                    5,056,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                          0.38
Adjusted earnings Per Share                 0.38
Return on Assets (%)                       11.12
Return on Equity (%)                        12.4
Sales Margin (%)                           12.86
Interest Cover equals Earnings             547.8
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current            7.63
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             32.69
Sector Value on ROA                        11.12
Sector Value on ROE                         12.4
Sector Value on ROCE                       19.43
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                -25

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Rex A. Orton                      7,723              -

EPS:  0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
100,399.0 Final     15 Aug, 2012        -              11 Sep, 2015         GBX

PRICES:
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 1,063
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 1107.50
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 1,100
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 1,100
BID PRICE: 1,225
ASK PRICE: 1,250
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 11,240,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION:
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 1.24
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 168,600,000
MCAP CHANGE: 1.38%
HIGH PRICE:
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 1107.50
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 1008.40
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 1107.50
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 1,030
LOW PRICE:
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 667.93
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 975
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 1,085
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 940
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 3.25
TURNOVER RATE: 30.77%
TURNOVER: 429,000
VOLUME: 390
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 17,605
PRICE CHANGE:
PRICE CHANGE: 15
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 1.38
BID ASK SPREAD: 2
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -8.40
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 1.38
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 15
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.38
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: 61.00
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 53.75
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 372.50
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 51.20
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 379.96
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 52.77
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE:
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 1,100
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.03%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.11%
VWP 1 MONTH: 1085.43
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.01
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.68%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 0.68%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 1.38%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 64.69%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK            1,000       13.82       36.42           -
5 WEEKS        1,058.07       20.88       37.18           -
13 WEEKS       1,491.41      532.32       55.81           -
1 MONTH        1,013.82       13.82       36.93           -
3 MONTHS       1,491.41      537.48          56           -
6 MONTHS        1,567.1      512.03       55.07           -
1 YEAR          1,609.9       527.7        82.2         -22
2 YEARS        1,035.08         -54       88.99           -
3 YEARS        1,373.78      218.89      154.89       11.05
5 YEARS        2,077.84      737.34      340.51       15.75

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 2,956,360,000
CMV MULTIPLIER: 4.22
RETAINED EARNINGS: 9,192,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 8,488,440,000
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 12,364,000,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE:
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 812.36
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.35
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 991.56
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 1.11
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 7.76
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 2.17
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.02
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.42
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.33
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 2.22
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 1.45
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 0.68
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 2.38
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 3.43
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 2.07
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 9.57
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 65.81
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.10
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.51
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.57
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.90
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 60.19
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 60.58
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 50.72
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 12.78
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 66.04
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 62.65
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 59.47
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 97.63
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 94.74
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 87.56
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 1
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 390
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 360
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 50
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 90
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 12.54
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -15
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -1.94
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -12.50
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -1.87
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
Alastair        15-08-2013           Sold         63,667       13.2       27.5
Hogg

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.54
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -33.33
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 61.58
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -20.05
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: -78.80
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 0.96
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1068.37
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 33.83
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: 0.88
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 0.47
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -0.62
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 4.44
PRICE TO SALES: 3.74
YIELD: 3.60%
EARNING YIELD: 3.44%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.80
RETURN ON ASSETS: 14.07%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 16.41%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 33.56%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH: 3.28
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 25.60
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 14.79
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 1.90
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 1.16%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.95
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 3.24%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 9.66%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 8.81%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 3.68%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 28.12%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Tue, Nov  Latchways         980.16
20        drops on high
          volatility.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Tue,    Latchway   980.16 three-mo four-mon Latchway Latchway Latchway Latchway
Nov 20  s:                nth High th Low   s rises  s rises  s drops  s drops
        WalkSafe                            1.1% to  1.1% to  to       to
        Fall                                GBX995.7 GBX995.7 three-mo three-mo
        Proof &                             5 on low 5 on low nth low. nth low.
        Roofligh                            volume.  volume.
        t Covers
        minimise
        rooftop
        safety
        risks

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   Publication and Posting of Scheme Document

   On 1 September 2015, the Boards of MSA and Latchways announced that they had
reached agreement on the terms of a unanimously recommended cash acquisition
pursuant to which Bidco will acquire the entire issued and to be issued ordinary
share capital of Latchways (the "Acquisition"). As outlined in that
announcement, the Acquisition is to be effected by means of a Court-sanctioned
scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme").

   Accordingly, Latchways announces that it is today posting to Latchways
Shareholders a scheme document relating to the Acquisition (the "Scheme
Document"), together with the associated Forms of Proxy. The Scheme Document
sets out, among other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme, an
explanatory statement, notices of the required meetings, a timetable of
principal events and details of the action to be taken by Latchways
Shareholders.

   As further detailed in the Scheme Document, to become effective, the Scheme
will require, among other things, the approval of Scheme Shareholders at the
Court Meeting and the passing of the Special Resolution at the General Meeting,
and then the approval of the Court. Notices convening the Court Meeting and the
General Meeting, commencing at 10.00 a.m. and 10.15 a.m. (or as soon thereafter
as the Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned), respectively, on 9 October 2015
at the offices of Squire Patton Boggs (UK) LLP, 7 Devonshire Square, London EC2M
4YH, are contained in the Scheme Document.

   The Scheme Document will also be available, subject to certain restrictions,
on Latchways' website www.latchways.com and on MSA's website at ,
www.msasafety.com. A copy of the Scheme Document will also be submitted to the
National Storage Mechanism, where it will be available for inspection at ,
www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/NSM.

   Subject to approval at the relevant meetings, Court approval and the
satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions set out in the Scheme Document,
the Scheme is expected to become effective on or around 23 October 2015.

   The expected timetable of principal events is attached as an Appendix to this
announcement.

   Holders of Latchways Shares should carefully read the Scheme Document in its
entirety before making a decision with respect to the Scheme.

   All references to time in this announcement are to London time. Capitalised
terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings set out in the
Scheme Document.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/12503082.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   [Company Release] Latchways is pleased to announce the appointment of Mikael
Baghammar as its new Head of International Sales and Business Development.

   With a strong background in export sales, Mikael will be working with
Latchways' established Sales teams and will be responsible for the development,
management and growth of Latchways sales within International markets.
Originally hailing from Sweden, Mikael has a wealth of successful International
business development experience and has worked both abroad and in the UK-where
he has been based for the past 17 years.

   "I'm excited about joining Latchways plc. With its high quality people, a
solid product range and increasing awareness of the need for fall protection
equipment, the potential in our international markets represents a fantastic
opportunity" says Mikael.

   Source: Company Website

OTHERS

   Publication and Posting of Scheme Document

   On 1 September 2015, the Boards of MSA and Latchways announced that they had
reached agreement on the terms of a unanimously recommended cash acquisition
pursuant to which Bidco will acquire the entire issued and to be issued ordinary
share capital of Latchways (the "Acquisition"). As outlined in that
announcement, the Acquisition is to be effected by means of a Court-sanctioned
scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme").

   Accordingly, Latchways announces that it is today posting to Latchways
Shareholders a scheme document relating to the Acquisition (the "Scheme
Document"), together with the associated Forms of Proxy. The Scheme Document
sets out, among other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme, an
explanatory statement, notices of the required meetings, a timetable of
principal events and details of the action to be taken by Latchways
Shareholders.

   As further detailed in the Scheme Document, to become effective, the Scheme
will require, among other things, the approval of Scheme Shareholders at the
Court Meeting and the passing of the Special Resolution at the General Meeting,
and then the approval of the Court. Notices convening the Court Meeting and the
General Meeting, commencing at 10.00 a.m. and 10.15 a.m. (or as soon thereafter
as the Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned), respectively, on 9 October 2015
at the offices of Squire Patton Boggs (UK) LLP, 7 Devonshire Square, London EC2M
4YH, are contained in the Scheme Document.

   The Scheme Document will also be available, subject to certain restrictions,
on Latchways' website www.latchways.com and on MSA's website at ,
www.msasafety.com. A copy of the Scheme Document will also be submitted to the
National Storage Mechanism, where it will be available for inspection at ,
www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/NSM.

   Subject to approval at the relevant meetings, Court approval and the
satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions set out in the Scheme Document,
the Scheme is expected to become effective on or around 23 October 2015.

   The expected timetable of principal events is attached as an Appendix to this
announcement.

   Holders of Latchways Shares should carefully read the Scheme Document in its
entirety before making a decision with respect to the Scheme.

   All references to time in this announcement are to London time. Capitalised
terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings set out in the
Scheme Document.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/12503082.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

NET TANGIBLE ASSET

   [Company Release] Even mild winters, like the one we're just coming out of,
take their toll on buildings, leaving maintenance personnel an extra set of
rooftop jobs. Those involved in repairing storm damage, removing debris and
unblocking gutters need particular support to stay safe when working at height.
While cable fall protection systems are essential, they cannot always avert the
dangers of 'FRAGILE' areas of roof. Fortunately there is a way to minimise these
risks.

   Latchways WalkSafe(Registered) fall proof and rooflight covers have been
designed for roofs with areas of weakness. They are particularly useful where
in-plane rooflights are in place. The strength of these lights can deteriorate
with time, so Fall Proof Covers or Rooflight Covers are needed to protect
maintenance workers from falling through.

   This solution to the problem of rooflights can be used in conjunction with
our patented WalkSafe walkways. More than half a million linear metres of
WalkSafe have been installed since the product was introduced 35 years ago. It
continues to be the market leader.

   WalkSafe walkways, Fall Proof covers and Rooflight covers are easy to
install. No training or specialist PPE is required to use the system; avoiding
the potentially devastating consequences of human errors.

   With complete effectiveness on both flat and pitched roofs, each cover
features a contrasting red strip to indicate the start of a fragile surface.
This highlights the need for care and attention around these areas.

   The details matter, because falls from height are the single biggest cause of
fatalities in the workplace today. Health and safety legislation states that
working at height must be avoided where possible, and that workers must not be
exposed to unnecessary risks. Where it is not possible to entirely avoid the
risk of falling, health and safety rules say a suitable fall protection system
must be used. Making fragile areas of roof safe must be a priority for any
organisation that requires people to work near them.

   As well as supplying the perfect products for the job, our design team at
Latchways can create a bespoke working at height plan for individual facilities.
This ensures legislation is properly followed and accidents are prevented, while
allowing people to get on with their job.

   Source: Company Website

TRADING HALT

   Latchways today announced an interim dividend of GBX10.0 per share. The ex
dividend date is February 01, 2012 and it is payable on March 02, 2012.

DIVIDEND

   Latchways today announced a final dividend of GBX27.50 per share. The ex
dividend date is August 13, 2015 and it is payable on September 11, 2015.

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

   At the Annual General Meeting of Latchways plc, held on 4th September 2015,
all resolutions were passed. The total proxy votes cast were as follows:

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/12489472.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

COMPANY RELEASE

   [News Story] Latchways plc announces the following trading update in respect
of the period 1 April 2015 to 4 August 2015 inclusive.

   We have made considerable progress in the strategic expansion of our sales
team. Our mission for this year is to complete this expansion, which is intended
to substantially improve our business pipeline in all our key geographies, thus
driving revenues and reducing our exposure to individual projects.

   In the UK, the new geographic focus is working well and we are already seeing
a significant increase in our prospect bank, giving us confidence in both the
strategy and the full year outcome. The team is largely complete and we expect
this to drive revenues in the second half of the year and beyond.

   Our European recruitment is progressing and we expect to have all positions
filled by the half year end. Current order intake is encouraging, despite the
weakness of the Euro. As we invoice our European sales in Euros, this weakness
is creating a significant drag on the Sterling value of revenues, and on
margins.

   In North America, our new recruits are generating good prospects, in
particular in the utilities market, with discussions ongoing with several
potential customers and trial systems being installed. We are excited by the
longer term potential of this opportunity. Prospects in the Aviation market are
also good. Our focus now is on completing the recruitment of the sales team in
order to drive revenues for our traditional systems.

   The recent acquisition of our largest competitor, Capital Safety Group (CSG),
by 3M is likely to impact our North American revenues as 3M was our main US
distributor for the Self Retracting Lifeline product range, of which CSG has its
own range. We do not expect this to have a material effect on current year
profits as the channel through 3M is relatively low margin business, but it does
underline the importance of developing our own channel to market for this
important growth product.

   The Rest of the World region has seen mixed trading, with relatively quiet
installer business more than offset by the resumption of the rollout of our
Vertical systems by our largest Australian utility customer. We have recently
recruited a utility industry specialist sales person in the region to develop
our customer base.

   Four months into the financial year, our view on the year is unchanged. We
are progressing with our stated strategy and the early indications are that this
will drive revenues significantly higher in due course. Given the timing of the
recruitment process the impact on this year's revenues is expected to be mainly
second half weighted, but we are encouraged by early progress. With our strong
balance sheet we have the financial strength to invest wherever we see returns
to be made.


<link>http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/12451057.html</link>

   Source: London Stock Exchange

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

   Latchways has announced its Annual General Meeting will take place on
September 04, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015


                              240 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

THANKS, BUT NO THANKS

BYLINE: Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

SECTION: SPECIAL FEATURE

LENGTH: 1474 words


In 1997, the government launched a tax amnesty scheme that al lowed well,
reluctant taxpayers to declare their wealth and income, pay a higher rate of tax
and gain a reprieve.

The so called Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) posed an unusual
challenge for the taxman. Apart from assessing cash holdings, income tax
officials had to wade through hoards of utensils, silverware and jewellery
declared as "priced possessions" by taxpayers.

The scheme attracted over 4.75 lakh declarations of which 3.09 lakh pertained to
jewellery and other movable chattels.VDIS of 1997 allowed 'declarants' to
disclose their possession at back-dated values. Tax defaulters took advantage of
this clause by grossly undervaluing their property.Jewellery and real estate
were declared at 'decade-ago' prices, causing a sharp drop in their taxable
incomes.

The government realised taxes worth '9,729 crore, but it was a fraction of the
parallel economy prevalent in the country then. Tax collections could have been
much higher had the government framed more stringent rules around VDIS 97,
according to tax experts.

Even so, VDIS-97 is billed as the most successful of all tax amnesty schemes in
India. If this scheme is regarded the best, one can imagine the success of other
similar schemes launched by tax authorities. Suffice it to say all amnesty
schemes launched in India since independence have failed to meet the objectives
of the government.

Despite their limitations, tax amnesty schemes -an opportunity for taxpayers to
pay a defined amount in exchange for pardon of a tax liability relating to a
previous tax period without fear of criminal prosecution -are a favourite tool
of governments to recover money from taxpayers.Never mind governments aren't
allowed to launch such schemes. The Supreme Court, immediately after VDIS 97,
asked the government to stop offering 'amnesty schemes', as such schemes
demoralise honest taxpayers and gives tax evaders an opportunity to get away by
paying a penalty.

As it often happens in such instances, subsequent governments played on the
nomenclature and started offering income disclosure schemes without using the
word 'amnesty schemes'.

The latest budget too has one such scheme.Only, it is loosely called Income and
Assets Declaration Scheme (IADS).

Under this scheme, people with undisclosed income can legalise their money (or
possessions acquired using unaccounted money) by paying a tax of 45% (30% tax, a
surcharge of 7.5% and penalty of 7.5%).'Declarants' using this route would be
immune from prosecution under the IT Act, Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act
and Wealth Tax Act.

A senior tax official in the Mumbai circle says the objective of IADS is to
allow people disclose their 'under-stored' assets."Income is only incidental. By
bringing unaccounted assets into books, we'll be able to regulate cash dealings
in a big way."

Industry bodies have lauded the decision.At first glance, the government seems
to have imbibed a few lessons from VDIS 97 and launched a stricter scheme. ET on
March 7 reported that government will not allow habitual tax offenders to misuse
IADS. The scheme will also not provide immunity to tax defaulters named in
financial scams. Sources in the IT department say the government may also ask
declarants to price their assets at current market value or 'price as on a more
recent date.' The scheme will only be notified (with guidelines) after the Act
is passed in Parliament.

But tax experts and economists are sceptical about its success. The prime factor
that

may work against IDS is the 45% tax that tax dodgers will have to pay on
declared income, experts opine. "The rate of 45% seems fair, considering the
fact that marginal tax rate is nearly 35%, but from the tax-payers' perspective,
it may seem high," says Ketan Dalal, managing partner at PwC. "Several tax
amnesty schemes in the previous years have not succeeded due to high rates."

The 11 prominent tax amnesty schemes since independence all suffered from this
problem.That's not all.

Too Steep for Our Taste

The tax department has also not been able to instil faith among defaulters to
reveal their unaccounted wealth and come clean. Fear of further scrutiny by tax
officials is another deterrent. "Defaulters do not have much faith in the
immunity clauses. They feel, if they disclose their ill-gotten wealth, they
would permanently be under the tax officials' scanner," reasons Madan Sabnavis,
chief economist at CARE Ratings. "Also, if a person has lot of black money,
there's little incentive for him to reveal his source of income."

That apart, by announcing a series of tax amnesty schemes, the government is
creating a 'moral hazard', where even honest taxpayers would be intuitively
encouraged to wait for an amnesty scheme to declare their income. Tax amnesty
schemes, according to Sabnavis, is like rewarding the tax evader's dishonesty.

SS Khan, former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), says repeated
amnesties bring down compliance levels, create expectation of future amnesties
and leave a message that while the honest taxpayer pays

tax regularly, the dishonest pays from one amnesty scheme to the next one. Tax
department officials say relaxation of rules and 'step-down' from pre-set
parameters weaken tax collection initiatives drastically.

Still, such schemes return in some form or the other. Why? One reason is
influential industrialists and industry associations lobby for such schemes at
regular intervals. Industry bodies are said to push for changes in 'amnesty
rules' to suit their patrons.

Indeed, governments have been launching tax amnesty schemes since the early days
of independence. The first voluntary disclosure scheme was announced in 1951,
wherein assessees were allowed to declare their unaccounted funds without
attracting any penalty or prosecution under tax laws of that time. This drive
managed to collect taxes of just '11 crore (on '70 crore worth of income
declared) as tax evaders were not confident about the assurances of immunity.

In 1965, there were four major amnesty schemes. The government was short of
money in the wake of the Chinese invasion.

For a sizeable haul through amnesty schemes, the government had to wait another
10 years. In 1975, it managed to book '744 crore worth of unaccounted money (see
Tax Amnesty Schemes...).

"A taxpayer will participate in an amnesty scheme if it offers a highly
concessional tax rate compared to when he made the decision to evade," writes
Arindam Dasgupta and Dilip Mookherjee in related study published in 1998. "He
may also want to bring his money to the books if he sees better economic
prospects (like a good investment option where he can earn better
returns).Thirdly, greater chances of detection may drive him to declare
ill-gotten wealth,"

surmises Dasgupta and Mookherjee in their treatise studying amnesty schemes
between 1965 and 1993.

That is an apt explanation of the mixed success of tax amnesty schemes.

Defaulters use amnesty schemes only when they see value in it. In the 50s and
60s, when tax rates ranged between 60% and 70%, tax evaders used amnesty schemes
to split their assets (with family members) to under-pass high marginal tax
rates. In the mid-80s, defaulters (especially businessmen) disclosed their
actual wealth (or part of actual wealth) to create 'equity bases' for their
businesses.This helped them to secure more business and funding lines. Bullish
financial markets also encourage defaulters to declare their unaccounted wealth
as investments in stocks, bonds and real estate would give better returns that
holding idle cash.

VDIS 97 attracted declarations worth '33,697 crore and tax realisations of
nearly '10,000 crore. This, according to former CBDT member Khan, was just 0.79%
of the GDP that year. The amnesty scheme of 1985 brought out 4.63% of the GDP.

Khan says almost all the amnesty schemes have been a failure. "The government
must initiate punitive follow-ups after opening such schemes. Defaulters who
have not availed of amnesty benefits should be hunted down and punished."

"Even the current scheme may fail if there's no higher incentive for defaulters
to declare their wealth," says Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India
Ratings & Research. "This problem will exist as long as we're a cash economy."

Tax amnesty schemes are rare in the developed world but countries like USA,
Australia, Germany, Singapore and Belgium have tried it on different
occasions.Economically weaker countries like the Philippines, Russia and South
Africa have offered income disclosure schemes to their people with varying
degrees of success.

Tax amnesty schemes can only be worthwhile if the rules are water-tight. They
should not be recurring in nature, but when they are offered to the public, they
should be followed up with strict punitive action.Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

THANKS, BUT NO THANKS

BYLINE: Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

SECTION: SPECIAL FEATURE

LENGTH: 1474 words


In 1997, the government launched a tax amnesty scheme that al lowed well,
reluctant taxpayers to declare their wealth and income, pay a higher rate of tax
and gain a reprieve.

The so called Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) posed an unusual
challenge for the taxman. Apart from assessing cash holdings, income tax
officials had to wade through hoards of utensils, silverware and jewellery
declared as "priced possessions" by taxpayers.

The scheme attracted over 4.75 lakh declarations of which 3.09 lakh pertained to
jewellery and other movable chattels.VDIS of 1997 allowed 'declarants' to
disclose their possession at back-dated values. Tax defaulters took advantage of
this clause by grossly undervaluing their property.Jewellery and real estate
were declared at 'decade-ago' prices, causing a sharp drop in their taxable
incomes.

The government realised taxes worth '9,729 crore, but it was a fraction of the
parallel economy prevalent in the country then. Tax collections could have been
much higher had the government framed more stringent rules around VDIS 97,
according to tax experts.

Even so, VDIS-97 is billed as the most successful of all tax amnesty schemes in
India. If this scheme is regarded the best, one can imagine the success of other
similar schemes launched by tax authorities. Suffice it to say all amnesty
schemes launched in India since independence have failed to meet the objectives
of the government.

Despite their limitations, tax amnesty schemes -an opportunity for taxpayers to
pay a defined amount in exchange for pardon of a tax liability relating to a
previous tax period without fear of criminal prosecution -are a favourite tool
of governments to recover money from taxpayers.Never mind governments aren't
allowed to launch such schemes. The Supreme Court, immediately after VDIS 97,
asked the government to stop offering 'amnesty schemes', as such schemes
demoralise honest taxpayers and gives tax evaders an opportunity to get away by
paying a penalty.

As it often happens in such instances, subsequent governments played on the
nomenclature and started offering income disclosure schemes without using the
word 'amnesty schemes'.

The latest budget too has one such scheme.Only, it is loosely called Income and
Assets Declaration Scheme (IADS).

Under this scheme, people with undisclosed income can legalise their money (or
possessions acquired using unaccounted money) by paying a tax of 45% (30% tax, a
surcharge of 7.5% and penalty of 7.5%).'Declarants' using this route would be
immune from prosecution under the IT Act, Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act
and Wealth Tax Act.

A senior tax official in the Mumbai circle says the objective of IADS is to
allow people disclose their 'under-stored' assets."Income is only incidental. By
bringing unaccounted assets into books, we'll be able to regulate cash dealings
in a big way."

Industry bodies have lauded the decision.At first glance, the government seems
to have imbibed a few lessons from VDIS 97 and launched a stricter scheme. ET on
March 7 reported that government will not allow habitual tax offenders to misuse
IADS. The scheme will also not provide immunity to tax defaulters named in
financial scams. Sources in the IT department say the government may also ask
declarants to price their assets at current market value or 'price as on a more
recent date.' The scheme will only be notified (with guidelines) after the Act
is passed in Parliament.

But tax experts and economists are sceptical about its success. The prime factor
that

may work against IDS is the 45% tax that tax dodgers will have to pay on
declared income, experts opine. "The rate of 45% seems fair, considering the
fact that marginal tax rate is nearly 35%, but from the tax-payers' perspective,
it may seem high," says Ketan Dalal, managing partner at PwC. "Several tax
amnesty schemes in the previous years have not succeeded due to high rates."

The 11 prominent tax amnesty schemes since independence all suffered from this
problem.That's not all.

Too Steep for Our Taste

The tax department has also not been able to instil faith among defaulters to
reveal their unaccounted wealth and come clean. Fear of further scrutiny by tax
officials is another deterrent. "Defaulters do not have much faith in the
immunity clauses. They feel, if they disclose their ill-gotten wealth, they
would permanently be under the tax officials' scanner," reasons Madan Sabnavis,
chief economist at CARE Ratings. "Also, if a person has lot of black money,
there's little incentive for him to reveal his source of income."

That apart, by announcing a series of tax amnesty schemes, the government is
creating a 'moral hazard', where even honest taxpayers would be intuitively
encouraged to wait for an amnesty scheme to declare their income. Tax amnesty
schemes, according to Sabnavis, is like rewarding the tax evader's dishonesty.

SS Khan, former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), says repeated
amnesties bring down compliance levels, create expectation of future amnesties
and leave a message that while the honest taxpayer pays

tax regularly, the dishonest pays from one amnesty scheme to the next one. Tax
department officials say relaxation of rules and 'step-down' from pre-set
parameters weaken tax collection initiatives drastically.

Still, such schemes return in some form or the other. Why? One reason is
influential industrialists and industry associations lobby for such schemes at
regular intervals. Industry bodies are said to push for changes in 'amnesty
rules' to suit their patrons.

Indeed, governments have been launching tax amnesty schemes since the early days
of independence. The first voluntary disclosure scheme was announced in 1951,
wherein assessees were allowed to declare their unaccounted funds without
attracting any penalty or prosecution under tax laws of that time. This drive
managed to collect taxes of just '11 crore (on '70 crore worth of income
declared) as tax evaders were not confident about the assurances of immunity.

In 1965, there were four major amnesty schemes. The government was short of
money in the wake of the Chinese invasion.

For a sizeable haul through amnesty schemes, the government had to wait another
10 years. In 1975, it managed to book '744 crore worth of unaccounted money (see
Tax Amnesty Schemes...).

"A taxpayer will participate in an amnesty scheme if it offers a highly
concessional tax rate compared to when he made the decision to evade," writes
Arindam Dasgupta and Dilip Mookherjee in related study published in 1998. "He
may also want to bring his money to the books if he sees better economic
prospects (like a good investment option where he can earn better
returns).Thirdly, greater chances of detection may drive him to declare
ill-gotten wealth,"

surmises Dasgupta and Mookherjee in their treatise studying amnesty schemes
between 1965 and 1993.

That is an apt explanation of the mixed success of tax amnesty schemes.

Defaulters use amnesty schemes only when they see value in it. In the 50s and
60s, when tax rates ranged between 60% and 70%, tax evaders used amnesty schemes
to split their assets (with family members) to under-pass high marginal tax
rates. In the mid-80s, defaulters (especially businessmen) disclosed their
actual wealth (or part of actual wealth) to create 'equity bases' for their
businesses.This helped them to secure more business and funding lines. Bullish
financial markets also encourage defaulters to declare their unaccounted wealth
as investments in stocks, bonds and real estate would give better returns that
holding idle cash.

VDIS 97 attracted declarations worth '33,697 crore and tax realisations of
nearly '10,000 crore. This, according to former CBDT member Khan, was just 0.79%
of the GDP that year. The amnesty scheme of 1985 brought out 4.63% of the GDP.

Khan says almost all the amnesty schemes have been a failure. "The government
must initiate punitive follow-ups after opening such schemes. Defaulters who
have not availed of amnesty benefits should be hunted down and punished."

"Even the current scheme may fail if there's no higher incentive for defaulters
to declare their wealth," says Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India
Ratings & Research. "This problem will exist as long as we're a cash economy."

Tax amnesty schemes are rare in the developed world but countries like USA,
Australia, Germany, Singapore and Belgium have tried it on different
occasions.Economically weaker countries like the Philippines, Russia and South
Africa have offered income disclosure schemes to their people with varying
degrees of success.

Tax amnesty schemes can only be worthwhile if the rules are water-tight. They
should not be recurring in nature, but when they are offered to the public, they
should be followed up with strict punitive action.Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

THANKS, BUT NO THANKS

BYLINE: Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

SECTION: SPECIAL FEATURE

LENGTH: 1474 words


In 1997, the government launched a tax amnesty scheme that al lowed well,
reluctant taxpayers to declare their wealth and income, pay a higher rate of tax
and gain a reprieve.

The so called Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) posed an unusual
challenge for the taxman. Apart from assessing cash holdings, income tax
officials had to wade through hoards of utensils, silverware and jewellery
declared as "priced possessions" by taxpayers.

The scheme attracted over 4.75 lakh declarations of which 3.09 lakh pertained to
jewellery and other movable chattels.VDIS of 1997 allowed 'declarants' to
disclose their possession at back-dated values. Tax defaulters took advantage of
this clause by grossly undervaluing their property.Jewellery and real estate
were declared at 'decade-ago' prices, causing a sharp drop in their taxable
incomes.

The government realised taxes worth '9,729 crore, but it was a fraction of the
parallel economy prevalent in the country then. Tax collections could have been
much higher had the government framed more stringent rules around VDIS 97,
according to tax experts.

Even so, VDIS-97 is billed as the most successful of all tax amnesty schemes in
India. If this scheme is regarded the best, one can imagine the success of other
similar schemes launched by tax authorities. Suffice it to say all amnesty
schemes launched in India since independence have failed to meet the objectives
of the government.

Despite their limitations, tax amnesty schemes -an opportunity for taxpayers to
pay a defined amount in exchange for pardon of a tax liability relating to a
previous tax period without fear of criminal prosecution -are a favourite tool
of governments to recover money from taxpayers.Never mind governments aren't
allowed to launch such schemes. The Supreme Court, immediately after VDIS 97,
asked the government to stop offering 'amnesty schemes', as such schemes
demoralise honest taxpayers and gives tax evaders an opportunity to get away by
paying a penalty.

As it often happens in such instances, subsequent governments played on the
nomenclature and started offering income disclosure schemes without using the
word 'amnesty schemes'.

The latest budget too has one such scheme.Only, it is loosely called Income and
Assets Declaration Scheme (IADS).

Under this scheme, people with undisclosed income can legalise their money (or
possessions acquired using unaccounted money) by paying a tax of 45% (30% tax, a
surcharge of 7.5% and penalty of 7.5%).'Declarants' using this route would be
immune from prosecution under the IT Act, Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act
and Wealth Tax Act.

A senior tax official in the Mumbai circle says the objective of IADS is to
allow people disclose their 'under-stored' assets."Income is only incidental. By
bringing unaccounted assets into books, we'll be able to regulate cash dealings
in a big way."

Industry bodies have lauded the decision.At first glance, the government seems
to have imbibed a few lessons from VDIS 97 and launched a stricter scheme. ET on
March 7 reported that government will not allow habitual tax offenders to misuse
IADS. The scheme will also not provide immunity to tax defaulters named in
financial scams. Sources in the IT department say the government may also ask
declarants to price their assets at current market value or 'price as on a more
recent date.' The scheme will only be notified (with guidelines) after the Act
is passed in Parliament.

But tax experts and economists are sceptical about its success. The prime factor
that

may work against IDS is the 45% tax that tax dodgers will have to pay on
declared income, experts opine. "The rate of 45% seems fair, considering the
fact that marginal tax rate is nearly 35%, but from the tax-payers' perspective,
it may seem high," says Ketan Dalal, managing partner at PwC. "Several tax
amnesty schemes in the previous years have not succeeded due to high rates."

The 11 prominent tax amnesty schemes since independence all suffered from this
problem.That's not all.

Too Steep for Our Taste

The tax department has also not been able to instil faith among defaulters to
reveal their unaccounted wealth and come clean. Fear of further scrutiny by tax
officials is another deterrent. "Defaulters do not have much faith in the
immunity clauses. They feel, if they disclose their ill-gotten wealth, they
would permanently be under the tax officials' scanner," reasons Madan Sabnavis,
chief economist at CARE Ratings. "Also, if a person has lot of black money,
there's little incentive for him to reveal his source of income."

That apart, by announcing a series of tax amnesty schemes, the government is
creating a 'moral hazard', where even honest taxpayers would be intuitively
encouraged to wait for an amnesty scheme to declare their income. Tax amnesty
schemes, according to Sabnavis, is like rewarding the tax evader's dishonesty.

SS Khan, former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), says repeated
amnesties bring down compliance levels, create expectation of future amnesties
and leave a message that while the honest taxpayer pays

tax regularly, the dishonest pays from one amnesty scheme to the next one. Tax
department officials say relaxation of rules and 'step-down' from pre-set
parameters weaken tax collection initiatives drastically.

Still, such schemes return in some form or the other. Why? One reason is
influential industrialists and industry associations lobby for such schemes at
regular intervals. Industry bodies are said to push for changes in 'amnesty
rules' to suit their patrons.

Indeed, governments have been launching tax amnesty schemes since the early days
of independence. The first voluntary disclosure scheme was announced in 1951,
wherein assessees were allowed to declare their unaccounted funds without
attracting any penalty or prosecution under tax laws of that time. This drive
managed to collect taxes of just '11 crore (on '70 crore worth of income
declared) as tax evaders were not confident about the assurances of immunity.

In 1965, there were four major amnesty schemes. The government was short of
money in the wake of the Chinese invasion.

For a sizeable haul through amnesty schemes, the government had to wait another
10 years. In 1975, it managed to book '744 crore worth of unaccounted money (see
Tax Amnesty Schemes...).

"A taxpayer will participate in an amnesty scheme if it offers a highly
concessional tax rate compared to when he made the decision to evade," writes
Arindam Dasgupta and Dilip Mookherjee in related study published in 1998. "He
may also want to bring his money to the books if he sees better economic
prospects (like a good investment option where he can earn better
returns).Thirdly, greater chances of detection may drive him to declare
ill-gotten wealth,"

surmises Dasgupta and Mookherjee in their treatise studying amnesty schemes
between 1965 and 1993.

That is an apt explanation of the mixed success of tax amnesty schemes.

Defaulters use amnesty schemes only when they see value in it. In the 50s and
60s, when tax rates ranged between 60% and 70%, tax evaders used amnesty schemes
to split their assets (with family members) to under-pass high marginal tax
rates. In the mid-80s, defaulters (especially businessmen) disclosed their
actual wealth (or part of actual wealth) to create 'equity bases' for their
businesses.This helped them to secure more business and funding lines. Bullish
financial markets also encourage defaulters to declare their unaccounted wealth
as investments in stocks, bonds and real estate would give better returns that
holding idle cash.

VDIS 97 attracted declarations worth '33,697 crore and tax realisations of
nearly '10,000 crore. This, according to former CBDT member Khan, was just 0.79%
of the GDP that year. The amnesty scheme of 1985 brought out 4.63% of the GDP.

Khan says almost all the amnesty schemes have been a failure. "The government
must initiate punitive follow-ups after opening such schemes. Defaulters who
have not availed of amnesty benefits should be hunted down and punished."

"Even the current scheme may fail if there's no higher incentive for defaulters
to declare their wealth," says Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India
Ratings & Research. "This problem will exist as long as we're a cash economy."

Tax amnesty schemes are rare in the developed world but countries like USA,
Australia, Germany, Singapore and Belgium have tried it on different
occasions.Economically weaker countries like the Philippines, Russia and South
Africa have offered income disclosure schemes to their people with varying
degrees of success.

Tax amnesty schemes can only be worthwhile if the rules are water-tight. They
should not be recurring in nature, but when they are offered to the public, they
should be followed up with strict punitive action.Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

THANKS, BUT NO THANKS

BYLINE: Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

SECTION: SPECIAL FEATURE

LENGTH: 1474 words


In 1997, the government launched a tax amnesty scheme that al lowed well,
reluctant taxpayers to declare their wealth and income, pay a higher rate of tax
and gain a reprieve.

The so called Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme (VDIS) posed an unusual
challenge for the taxman. Apart from assessing cash holdings, income tax
officials had to wade through hoards of utensils, silverware and jewellery
declared as "priced possessions" by taxpayers.

The scheme attracted over 4.75 lakh declarations of which 3.09 lakh pertained to
jewellery and other movable chattels.VDIS of 1997 allowed 'declarants' to
disclose their possession at back-dated values. Tax defaulters took advantage of
this clause by grossly undervaluing their property.Jewellery and real estate
were declared at 'decade-ago' prices, causing a sharp drop in their taxable
incomes.

The government realised taxes worth '9,729 crore, but it was a fraction of the
parallel economy prevalent in the country then. Tax collections could have been
much higher had the government framed more stringent rules around VDIS 97,
according to tax experts.

Even so, VDIS-97 is billed as the most successful of all tax amnesty schemes in
India. If this scheme is regarded the best, one can imagine the success of other
similar schemes launched by tax authorities. Suffice it to say all amnesty
schemes launched in India since independence have failed to meet the objectives
of the government.

Despite their limitations, tax amnesty schemes -an opportunity for taxpayers to
pay a defined amount in exchange for pardon of a tax liability relating to a
previous tax period without fear of criminal prosecution -are a favourite tool
of governments to recover money from taxpayers.Never mind governments aren't
allowed to launch such schemes. The Supreme Court, immediately after VDIS 97,
asked the government to stop offering 'amnesty schemes', as such schemes
demoralise honest taxpayers and gives tax evaders an opportunity to get away by
paying a penalty.

As it often happens in such instances, subsequent governments played on the
nomenclature and started offering income disclosure schemes without using the
word 'amnesty schemes'.

The latest budget too has one such scheme.Only, it is loosely called Income and
Assets Declaration Scheme (IADS).

Under this scheme, people with undisclosed income can legalise their money (or
possessions acquired using unaccounted money) by paying a tax of 45% (30% tax, a
surcharge of 7.5% and penalty of 7.5%).'Declarants' using this route would be
immune from prosecution under the IT Act, Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act
and Wealth Tax Act.

A senior tax official in the Mumbai circle says the objective of IADS is to
allow people disclose their 'under-stored' assets."Income is only incidental. By
bringing unaccounted assets into books, we'll be able to regulate cash dealings
in a big way."

Industry bodies have lauded the decision.At first glance, the government seems
to have imbibed a few lessons from VDIS 97 and launched a stricter scheme. ET on
March 7 reported that government will not allow habitual tax offenders to misuse
IADS. The scheme will also not provide immunity to tax defaulters named in
financial scams. Sources in the IT department say the government may also ask
declarants to price their assets at current market value or 'price as on a more
recent date.' The scheme will only be notified (with guidelines) after the Act
is passed in Parliament.

But tax experts and economists are sceptical about its success. The prime factor
that

may work against IDS is the 45% tax that tax dodgers will have to pay on
declared income, experts opine. "The rate of 45% seems fair, considering the
fact that marginal tax rate is nearly 35%, but from the tax-payers' perspective,
it may seem high," says Ketan Dalal, managing partner at PwC. "Several tax
amnesty schemes in the previous years have not succeeded due to high rates."

The 11 prominent tax amnesty schemes since independence all suffered from this
problem.That's not all.

Too Steep for Our Taste

The tax department has also not been able to instil faith among defaulters to
reveal their unaccounted wealth and come clean. Fear of further scrutiny by tax
officials is another deterrent. "Defaulters do not have much faith in the
immunity clauses. They feel, if they disclose their ill-gotten wealth, they
would permanently be under the tax officials' scanner," reasons Madan Sabnavis,
chief economist at CARE Ratings. "Also, if a person has lot of black money,
there's little incentive for him to reveal his source of income."

That apart, by announcing a series of tax amnesty schemes, the government is
creating a 'moral hazard', where even honest taxpayers would be intuitively
encouraged to wait for an amnesty scheme to declare their income. Tax amnesty
schemes, according to Sabnavis, is like rewarding the tax evader's dishonesty.

SS Khan, former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), says repeated
amnesties bring down compliance levels, create expectation of future amnesties
and leave a message that while the honest taxpayer pays

tax regularly, the dishonest pays from one amnesty scheme to the next one. Tax
department officials say relaxation of rules and 'step-down' from pre-set
parameters weaken tax collection initiatives drastically.

Still, such schemes return in some form or the other. Why? One reason is
influential industrialists and industry associations lobby for such schemes at
regular intervals. Industry bodies are said to push for changes in 'amnesty
rules' to suit their patrons.

Indeed, governments have been launching tax amnesty schemes since the early days
of independence. The first voluntary disclosure scheme was announced in 1951,
wherein assessees were allowed to declare their unaccounted funds without
attracting any penalty or prosecution under tax laws of that time. This drive
managed to collect taxes of just '11 crore (on '70 crore worth of income
declared) as tax evaders were not confident about the assurances of immunity.

In 1965, there were four major amnesty schemes. The government was short of
money in the wake of the Chinese invasion.

For a sizeable haul through amnesty schemes, the government had to wait another
10 years. In 1975, it managed to book '744 crore worth of unaccounted money (see
Tax Amnesty Schemes...).

"A taxpayer will participate in an amnesty scheme if it offers a highly
concessional tax rate compared to when he made the decision to evade," writes
Arindam Dasgupta and Dilip Mookherjee in related study published in 1998. "He
may also want to bring his money to the books if he sees better economic
prospects (like a good investment option where he can earn better
returns).Thirdly, greater chances of detection may drive him to declare
ill-gotten wealth,"

surmises Dasgupta and Mookherjee in their treatise studying amnesty schemes
between 1965 and 1993.

That is an apt explanation of the mixed success of tax amnesty schemes.

Defaulters use amnesty schemes only when they see value in it. In the 50s and
60s, when tax rates ranged between 60% and 70%, tax evaders used amnesty schemes
to split their assets (with family members) to under-pass high marginal tax
rates. In the mid-80s, defaulters (especially businessmen) disclosed their
actual wealth (or part of actual wealth) to create 'equity bases' for their
businesses.This helped them to secure more business and funding lines. Bullish
financial markets also encourage defaulters to declare their unaccounted wealth
as investments in stocks, bonds and real estate would give better returns that
holding idle cash.

VDIS 97 attracted declarations worth '33,697 crore and tax realisations of
nearly '10,000 crore. This, according to former CBDT member Khan, was just 0.79%
of the GDP that year. The amnesty scheme of 1985 brought out 4.63% of the GDP.

Khan says almost all the amnesty schemes have been a failure. "The government
must initiate punitive follow-ups after opening such schemes. Defaulters who
have not availed of amnesty benefits should be hunted down and punished."

"Even the current scheme may fail if there's no higher incentive for defaulters
to declare their wealth," says Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India
Ratings & Research. "This problem will exist as long as we're a cash economy."

Tax amnesty schemes are rare in the developed world but countries like USA,
Australia, Germany, Singapore and Belgium have tried it on different
occasions.Economically weaker countries like the Philippines, Russia and South
Africa have offered income disclosure schemes to their people with varying
degrees of success.

Tax amnesty schemes can only be worthwhile if the rules are water-tight. They
should not be recurring in nature, but when they are offered to the public, they
should be followed up with strict punitive action.Shailesh.Menon@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

you won't save money if you don't know your rights

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 550 words


As a member of a medical scheme, you should be aware that you have certain
rights, says Philip Ferreira.

One of these is to be provided with minimum benefits (see main article). Another
important right is that an open medical scheme cannot refuse you membership.

Restricted schemes are entitled to limit their membership to people who belong
to a particular group, such as the employees of a company, people who work in a
certain sector of the economy, or members of a trade union. However, these
schemes are obliged to accept anyone who belongs to that group.

Another of your rights is that schemes must apply community rating, which means
that your contributions cannot be based on your age or the state of your health,
Ferreira says. Your contributions are based only on the option you join and the
number of dependants you register on that option.

However, medical schemes may, under certain conditions, apply waiting periods
and late-joiner penalties. These measures are designed to protect schemes from
the adverse effect on their finances of people joining a scheme only later in
life or when they fall seriously ill.

There are two kinds of waiting period: a three-month general waiting period and
a 12-month condition-specific waiting period. These may be applied only under
strict conditions.

If you have been a member of a scheme for more than two years and you move to
another scheme without a break in your membership of more than three months, a
scheme is entitled to apply only the three-month general waiting period.
However, the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) are excluded from the |waiting
period.

In this case, if, for example, you are involved in a motor accident while a
general waiting period applies to your membership, the scheme will pay for your
treatment, but if you want to undergo what is termed an elective procedure, such
as knee replacement operation, the scheme may not pay for it.

A scheme is entitled to apply a 12-month condition-specific waiting period if
you have been a member of a scheme for less than two years and you move to
another scheme without a break in your membership of more than three months. In
this case, the scheme may deny you benefits for a pre-existing condition but not
for the PMBs.

Both types of waiting period can be applied simultaneously, and they can be
applied to the PMBs if the break in membership has been longer than three
months. Waiting periods cannot be applied if you change schemes due to your
employer changing schemes or terminating a contract with a scheme.

The late-joiner penalties apply if you join a medical scheme for the first time
after the age of 35 or if there is a gap of more than three months in your
membership when you switch medical schemes after the age of 35.

The penalties range from five percent to 75 percent of your contributions,
depending on the break in your membership after the age of 35. Schemes tend to
apply these penalties for as long as you remain a member.

Waiting periods/late-joiner penalties aren't mandatory; schemes may waive them.

Another right of which you should be aware is that you can change options within
your medical scheme once a year at the end of the year, Ferreira says. Most
schemes allow you to downgrade your option at any time, but few allow you to
upgrade during the year, he says.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Roads, transport sectors get more than half of uplift funds

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


THE Punjab government has focused the electioneering related development
activities during the first six months of the ongoing fiscal year 2012-13 by
approving more than 70 percent of the Annual Development Program fund during the
period.

The government, out of Rs151.527 billion funds released for development schemes,
provided over Rs84 billion for roads and transport sectors only. For transport
sector, Rs42.731 billion worth 14 schemes were approved, out of which a mega
chunk of almost Rs21 billion was released for the Metro Bus Service (MBS).



According to official figures released by the Punjab Planning and Development
Board on Monday in a review meeting chaired by P&D Board Chairman Javed Aslam,
the board had approved Rs151.527 billion worth schemes during the first six
months of the ongoing fiscal year against the total volume of Rs210 billion ADP.
The government has also released almost all the approved schemes funds in six
months for timely execution before the general election.

The P&D Board had successfully conducted 25 meetings of the Provincial
Development Working Party (PDWP) during the six months period and approved 134
development schemes of 21 different development sectors. Interestingly, the
Metro Bus Service (MBS) has received highest chunk from the funds while road
infrastructure remained the focus of the provincial government during the first
six moths.

Official figures quoted that 14 schemes of Rs42.731 billion were approved for
transport sector during the six months out of which major approval was given to
the MBS project with almost Rs21 billion worth funds release.

The government had also approved Rs26.45 billion worth four schemes for
agriculture sector out of which a major chunk went to Green Tractor Scheme.

The provincial government had approved six schemes worth Rs10.065 billion for
education sector and two schemes of Rs3.035 billion of literacy sector.

After devolution of power to the province as result of 18th Amendment of the
constitution, the Punjab government had also approved 11 development schemes
worth Rs19.5 billion for the health sector.

Interestingly, the Punjab government, after Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's youth
focused electioneering campaign also paid attention to the youth and approved
one scheme of Rs15.13 billion worth for the Youth Affairs sector.

Besides, Rs16.93 billion worth of three schemes were started under the Special
Infrastructure Sector and Rs42.135 billion were released for 49 schemes of Roads
Sector.

The government released an amount of Rs92.367 million for a scheme of Mines and
Minerals sector, Rs620.845 million for four schemes of Archeology Sector and
Rs290.500 million for a scheme of Information and Culture Sector. In Irrigation
sector, the government had given approval to 11 schemes during the first six
months of Rs12.532 billion worth. To control the energy issue damages in the
forthcoming general election, the Punjab government had also approved two
schemes for the sector worth Rs2.896 billion.

Eight schemes of Rs6.524 billion worth were approved for the Public Buildings
Sector, Rs1.539 billion worth six schemes were passed for the Urban Development
Sector, one scheme of Rs460.529 million of the District Programme and three
schemes of Rs1.594 billion worth of Regional Planning Sector were approved
during the first six months of fiscal year 2012-13.

Three schemes worth Rs.483 million were approved for P&D Sector and two schemes
worth Rs1.084 billion for Auqaf. Whereas, a scheme of DERA Sector worth Rs2.331
million and a scheme relating to Consultancy Sector worth Rs1.200 million were
also approved in the PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning
and Development Department during the first half of ongoing fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Improvement bid FBR to study tax administrations of foreign countries

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXII No. 351

LENGTH: 732  words


The Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has decided to conduct study of three tax
administrations which have launched incentives schemes for increasing sales tax
registration through an effective 'Lottery Scheme'.

The efforts made by the FBR in the past for launching of 'Lottery Scheme' or
'Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme' failed due to one reason or the other. Now, the
study of three countries, which have launched incentive schemes for sales tax
registration, has prompted the FBR to come up with an 'effective' lottery scheme
.

In Turkey, and some states in the USA, such incentive schemes were introduced to
encourage implementation of the value-added tax (VAT). It has also been noticed
that the countries which launched the incentive scheme had also ensured
implementation of issuance of sales tax invoices by the sales tax registered
persons. It is important to note that normally it is made absolutely clear in
the tax administration policy that no action will be taken against the person
providing details of invoices and participating in the lottery schemes.

The scheme may initially be initiated as a pilot phase in Islamabad as since
sales tax on services is now a provincial subject. The FBR has given assignment
to a seasoned tax official and FBR Member (Enforcement & Accounting) Aminullah
Khan to provide an update on the study.

It is important to mention that the FBR had drafted a scheme of 'consumer lucky
draw' in the past, which was never launched. Earlier, the FBR had planned to
launch Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme in January 2011 in all major cities including
Karachi, Lahore, Sialkot, Faisalabad and Islamabad with monthly prizes of Rs 6
million to encourage documentation of the economy. At that time, it was decided
that the scheme would initially be for hotels and restaurants but extendable to
bakeries and caterers.

This scheme envisaged various prizes with maximum and minimum individual prizes
of Rs 100,000 and Rs 5,000 respectively, in the descending quantum but ascending
number of about 350 prizes, would be worth Rs 6.0 million per month. These
prizes were to be awarded through balloting to those consumers of the
hotels/restaurants who produced the original invoices of their payments to the
hotels/restaurants.

Initially, this scheme was only for the registered hotels/restaurants. Later
invoices and receipts obtained from bakeries and caterers would be considered
for the draw to attract consumers. The FBR had also constituted a steering
committee for this scheme, but the Consumer Lucky Draw Scheme was not
implemented by the due date i.e., January 2011. The launching date of the scheme
was further delayed to March-April 2011. Later, the statutory regulatory order
(SRO) of the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Scheme (STLDS) 2011 was sent to the Law and
Justice Division for vetting, but the same was not implemented by the FBR. The
FBR had also drafted the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Rules-2011, which was not enforced
due to non-implementation of the scheme.

According to the draft of the Sales Tax Lucky Draw Rules-2011, this was the
first Consumer Incentive Scheme of its sort to be launched by FBR, FBR endeavour
was to cover restaurants and similar food outlets, registered under Sales Tax
Act 1990, through a lucky draw scheme to encourage voluntary registration of all
those who are liable to pay/collect sales tax and ensure that the tax deducted
is also deposited into government treasury.

The scheme envisaged to promote voluntary registration of restaurants and food
outlets, promote documentation through issuance of invoices and to plug revenue
leakages and was issued under powers vested in FBR under preamble to FBR Act
2007 and section 4(1) (1) of the said Act.

Under the STLDS-2011, the FBR would monitor the scheme's effectiveness through
laid down parameters. The parameters included number of new registrations after
launch of scheme; increased tax paid on returns by existing taxpayers; increased
tax paid on returns by new taxpayers; number of audits conducted as a result of
the scheme; tax levied in audit as a result of the scheme; invoices received
during the scheme which were not verified due to outlet being below tax
threshold.

This scheme covered invoices issued by restaurants/food outlets all over
Pakistan. The customers availing food from restaurants/food outlets would obtain
invoices (receipts, cash memos) and inform FBR in the manner prescribed.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                August 23, 2009
                             Business Times Edition

How to tell your pyramid from a Ponzi

BYLINE: Matthew Purchase

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 643  words


How to tell your pyramid from a Ponzi

THE activities of Barry Tannenbaum, who has allegedly been conducting a fraud
scheme which appears to have duped hundreds of well-heeled investors in South
Africa and abroad, have been much in the news recently.

The media have interchangeably described his activities as being a "pyramid
scheme" or a "Ponzi scheme".

In its simplest form, a Ponzi scheme has the following characteristics:

THE BAIT: The fraudster most often lures investors with promises of above-market
returns.

In the US, Charles Ponzi, for example, promised his investors 100% profit in 90
days. Double Shah promised his Pakistani countrymen a 100% return on their
investment in just 15 days until his arrest in 2007.

Sometimes the promised returns are less startling. For example, the fraudster
may guarantee returns which in reality are not sustainable, just as Bernie
Madoff guaranteed his clients high returns despite an economic recession.

A few conspicuous payouts are made to investors early in the scheme to convince
them of its legitimacy.

THE HOOK: The above-market returns are most often explained by complicated
fictitious business models.

Although these business models would most often not survive any serious
scrutiny, it is surprising how often educated and business-savvy people are
caught. Possible reasons include the assumption that others have performed a due
diligence; the involvement of other high-profile investors; and their
''invitation only" or apparent exclusivity.

THE LINE: The fraudster is almost always a persuasive, well-respected or
well-connected person.

This is the single most likely reason why investors would invest in a scheme
without having first performed some form of due diligence.

THE SINKER: Little or no commercial activity actually ever takes place.

Typically, no income, or very little income, is actually generated by the
supposed business venture. Payouts to investors are made from the pool of
investor funds and the remainder is siphoned into the fraudster's pockets.

Ponzi schemes are similar to, but not the same as, pyramid schemes.

A hierarchical or pyramid structure in business is a well-known and universally
accepted concept. A pyramid structure becomes a pyramid scheme when the company
makes all its money - or the bulk of its money - by recruiting new people.

Pyramid schemes are illegal in many countries, including South Africa. Illegal
pyramid schemes generate revenue by continually recruiting new members. While
the scheme may offer goods or services for sale (often self-improvement courses
and the like), the only significant revenues come from the recruitment of new
members.

Like Ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes use the funds paid by later participants to
pay returns to early participants. Both schemes are unsustainable, and fail when
the available pool of new members is drained. Ponzi schemes fail when the new
investment funds are no longer sufficient to repay existing investors. The key
differences between pyramid and Ponzi schemes are:

Pyramid schemes are marketed as pyramids and participants are encouraged to rise
through the ranks of the pyramid by recruiting other participants. Ponzi schemes
, on the other hand, masquerade as investment opportunities and there is no
suggestion to investors of a pyramid structure.

In a Ponzi scheme, the fraudster is the central hub for all the investors,
interacting directly with them all. In a pyramid scheme the participants
themselves recruit additional participants.

Pyramid schemes are prone to collapse much sooner than Ponzi schemes as they
require exponential increases in the number of participants. Ponzi schemes, on
the other hand, are able to survive much longer simply by persuading most
existing investors to stay in the scheme and to reinvest their money.

- Matthew Purchase is an associate at the commercial law firm Bowman Gilfillan

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 13, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Schemes 'must' fill the gap;
Medical scheme gap cover will probably be outlawed, but schemes are likely to
find other ways to minimise your exposure to healthcare bills that exceed your
cover. This is according to Rhys Edwards (left), the chief executive officer of
NMG, who spoke at the recent Personal Finance / Discovery Life Risk Protection
seminars. Laura du Preez reports.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 673 words


It is likely that in future you won't be able to take out medical scheme gap
cover and if you want to take out health insurance you will instead have to take
out cover for a fixed amount, Rhys Edwards says.

Medical scheme gap cover policies are currently available only from short-term
insurers. They cover you when the amount you are charged for medical treatment
exceeds what your medical scheme is prepared to pay.

Edwards says if gap cover insurance becomes illegal, medical schemes will
increasingly develop alternatives to reduce your exposure to gaps in your cover.

He says he believes this is what should happen so that the problem is taken away
from we, the consumers.

"I've never seen a patient manage their healthcare expenditure, especially 15
minutes before open heart surgery. That's not the time to negotiate with your
specialist."

An example of the alternatives that schemes are developing are the healthcare
provider networks, Edwards says.

Some schemes have negotiated deals with hospital groups in terms of which the
schemes agree to pay the hospitals set amounts for certain procedures for their
members.

If you, as a member of the scheme, use a hospital within that group you will not
be billed anything above what your scheme is prepared to pay.

Some schemes have contracted with general practitioners (GPs), dentists and
optometrists, and even in some cases specialists, to ensure that when you use
those practitioners you won't be charged more than the rate the scheme pays.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme, for example, has a direct payment arrangement
in terms of which specialists are paid directly by the scheme if they charge a
particular rate for their services.

CareCross, the doctor network used by a number of schemes, has also identified
specialists who are prepared to charge members referred by CareCross GPs rates
that their schemes can afford to pay.

Other schemes, such as Fedhealth, pay doctors up to 300 percent of the National
Health Reference Price List (NHRPL) tariff to protect you from having to fork
out for a shortfall. The Health Professions Council of South Africa regards 300
percent of NHRPL as the highest ethical tariff a doctor can charge without
obtaining written consent from you to charge more.

Gap cover likely to be made illegal

Edwards says he believes that gap cover will be made illegal when the definition
of a medical scheme is amended in terms of the Medical Schemes Amendment Bill.

The definition of the business of a medical scheme was the legal stumbling block
in the Council for Medical Schemes's unsuccessful attempts to put a stop to gap
insurance cover.

The Council for Medical Schemes asked the Johannesburg High Court to stop an
insurance company from selling gap cover policies. The company, Guardrisk, is a
short-term insurer and a subsidiary of Alexander Forbes.

The council won the initial case, but it was overturned on appeal and the appeal
was upheld, despite the council's attempts to challenge it all the way to the
Constitutional Court.

The council then persuaded the Department of Health to change the law. The draft
Medical Schemes Amendment Bill has been published for comment and is expected to
be dealt with by Parliament this year.

The insurance industry believes that despite changes to the definition of the
business of a medical scheme, it will be allowed to continue offering policies
for gap cover.

It is pinning its hopes on the Insurance Laws Amendment Bill, which is currently
before Parliament. If enacted as expected, the Minister of Finance, in
consultation with the Minister of Health, will be given the power to exempt a
type of insurance policy from the provisions of the Medical Schemes Act.

The finance minister can then decide to allow health insurance products that
fall within the amended definition of a medical scheme to continue to operate.

The pros and cons of gap cover policies are likely to be debated by the
ministers of finance and health, and Edwards is of the view that the arguments
of the health minister will win the day. (See box below.)

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 27, 2006
                                Surveys Edition

Ownership schemes can be minefield

BYLINE: Sanchia Temkin

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 643  words


Ownership schemes can be minefield

FAR too often, clients seeking advice on black economic empowerment believe that
broad-based ownership schemes, such as employee share schemes and community or
social investment trusts, comply with empowerment requirements, says Kevin
Lester, a director at Cliffe Dekker.

That perception is based upon the assumption that the models for broad-based
ownership schemes that have abounded in the past decade are fully compliant with
the Codes of Good Practice issued under the Broad-Based Black Economic
Empowerment Act, he says.

However, this is simply not the case, and businesses that base any part of their
ownership on broad-based ownership schemes would be well advised to seek
professional advice as to whether those schemes will enjoy the desired
recognition, Lester says.

The December final draft of statement 100 of the codes recognises broad-based
ownership schemes as qualifying as ordinary ownership, but also as qualifying
for bonus points, provided those schemes are compliant with the requirements of
the codes, he says.

The first, and by far the most important, requirements for recognition apply
both to the award of ordinary ownership points, as well as bonus points.

They are:

The broad-based ownership schemes should vest entitlement to participate in the
financial gains arising from ownership in the hands of the beneficiaries;

Where broad-based ownership schemes do not vest that entitlement in the hands of
the beneficiaries, there should be no discretion as to the identity of the
beneficiaries or the proportions of such financial gains to which they will be
entitled;

Any accumulated income, after settling any debt incurred in the acquisition of
shareholding, must be distributed to the beneficiaries upon winding up of the
scheme, and a reversion of such accumulated income to the donor disqualifies all
recognition; and

Beneficiaries must participate where permissible by law in the appointment of
the fiduciaries.

"We believe that this obligation would require appointment by beneficiaries of
half the trustees of a broad-based trust," Lester says.

For those businesses that have structured their broad-based schemes on the basis
of a discretionary trust, the implications are far-reaching. Significant
restructuring of those discretionary schemes is a sine qua non for any
recognition whatsoever, he says.

In the realm of bonus points, the qualification criteria for broad-based
ownership schemes become significantly greater, Lester says.

He says that the codes contain significant transparency obligations that
require:

Decision-making participation by, and disclosure obligations to, beneficiaries
of the scheme at a level comparable to shareholders in a private company;

Education and accessibility programmes aimed at ensuring the beneficiaries
understand the nature of their participation and the rules of scheme; and

The appointment of an independent financial adviser to the board of the scheme
by the beneficiaries.

The broad-based ownership schemes require active management and participation on
a sustained basis, he says.

Lester says that these schemes cannot simply be filed away once the points have
been awarded, and businesses will have to ensure that schemes are, and remain,
compliant to avoid nonrecognition, or worse still, allegations of fronting
practices and circumvention.

He says that broad-based ownership schemes are an area of significant
regulation, and businesses should think twice about implementing such schemes if
quick gains are their objective. However, any company seeking to implement a
genuine scheme or seeking to restructure an existing scheme to achieve
compliance, must be assured that despite the complexity involved, such schemes
offer unique opportunities for recognition, not to mention the moral and social
justice imperative innate to such arrangements, says Lester.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 July 10, 2003

Pension scheme membership shows 6% increase

BYLINE: By LAURA SLATTERY

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 456 words


Pension scheme membership rose by 6 per cent last year, with the number of
schemes increasing by 10 per cent, according to the Pensions Board's annual
report for 2002.

The board also confirmed that private sector membership of defined contribution
(DC) pension schemes has exceeded that of traditional defined benefit (DB)
schemes for the first time.

The former usually give people a lower pension than defined benefit schemes,
which guarantee employees a proportion of their final salary for each year of
service. Under defined contribution schemes, benefit depends on stock market
investment performance, shifting the risk from the company to the employee.

There are two people in DB schemes for every one person in a DC scheme. But
fewer than half private sector pension scheme members - 49.4 per cent - are
members of DC schemes.

Ms Anne Maher, chief executive of the Pensions Board, said 70 per cent of
defined benefit schemes remained open to new members. "This represents a
healthier situation than, for instance, in the UK where the majority of defined
benefit schemes are now closed to new entrants."

Ms Maher admitted it was a concern that Ireland might head in the same direction
as the UK, where 72 per cent of DB schemes are closed to new members.

Some 52 new DB schemes registered in 2002. But 107 were wound up, frozen or
switched to a defined contribution model.

The stringent funding standard for DB schemes is currently being reviewed to
prevent further closures.

The board will also decide whether or not to introduce a compensation scheme for
members of wound-up schemes.

So far this year, the Pensions Board has received 17 "whistleblower" reports on
schemes where companies in financial difficulty failed to remit contributions.

Just 15 reports were received during the whole of 2002.

Ms Maher said the increase in reports reflected the pressure pension schemes
were under following equity market losses.

Despite the challenging market, some 12,145 new pension schemes were set up in
2002, taking the number of schemes to over 107,700.

These schemes have an active membership of over 709,000. Further increases are
expected by the end of 2003 and will be prompted by legislation requiring
employers to give employees with more than six months' service access to a
pension scheme or a Personal Retirement Savings Account (PRSA) by September
15th, 2003.

Ms Maher said the board was "taking note" of suggestions on how the recently
introduced PRSAs might be improved.

Responding to fears that public take-up of the new pensions will be low, Ms
Maher said the environment for launching PRSAs had not been perfect, but that
September 15th would be the key date in their progress.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              251 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              May 10, 2015 Sunday

PM's insurance, pension schemes launched in State

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: Ranchi


Ranchi, May 10 -- Governor Syed Ahmed and Chief Minister Raghubar Das today
launched the NDA's flagship schemes - Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna, Prime
Minister Jiwan Jyoti Yojna and Atal Pension Yojna - for the people with no
social security cover and to give impetus to the financial inclusion activities
in Jharkhand through the schemes. The launch was part of the nationwide
beginning of the schemes by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Kolkata.

The schemes will provide life and accident insurance cover (effective from June
1) to a policyholder besides, helping an otherwise vulnerable section of the
society in the latter half of their life by ensuring a continuous flow of money
at regular intervals. Almost all banking institutions will be offering the
insurance and pension schemes through their branches. Union Labour and
Employment Minister, Narendra Singh Tomar was also a witness to the launch in
Jharkhand.

Referring to the downtrodden, Governor Syed Ahmed said, "Jharkhand has a large
population of unorganized labour force who wander each day to search for job and
families become homeless when a labour dies. This scheme was needed for
Jharkhand and it will help those who work day and night for us but didn't have
social security".

The schemes got overwhelming response as all banks collectively received around
14.30 lakh applications for all three comprehensive social security schemes
launched by the NDA Government. Nonetheless, the CM made an appeal to the banks
to walk the extra mile and bring 1.5-crore people of the State's population
under the benign schemes. The schemes have been specially designed to make it
compatible with saving bank accounts and premiums can only be paid through
auto-debit facility.

"I would appeal to the banks to ensure that the schemes reach the people and it
is our moral duty that the schemes reach all people. Go to the villages, set up
camps so that women suffering and children facing hardship should get benefit of
these schemes," said Das.

The 'Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojna' will cover persons in 18-70 year age
group and would provide accidental insurance of Rs 2 lakh besides providing
cover to a beneficiary against disability due to accident. The 'Prime Minister
Jiwan Jyoti Bima Yojna'- a life insurance scheme for people in the age bracket
of 18-50 years - will offer life coverage of Rs 2 lakh against the payment of
annual premium of Rs 330. Moreover, the PM Jiwan Jyoti scheme would cover all
kinds of deaths - natural, unnatural - and even suicides by policyholders. Third
among the financial inclusion schemes - 'Atal Pension Yojna' - assures pension
anywhere from Rs 1000 to Rs 5000 per month after a beneficiary attains 60 years
of age. The pension amount would be derived from the contribution made by a
policyholder.

Notably, the Government would share half of the contribution in the pension
scheme opened between June 1, 2015 and December 31, 2015 for five years, i.e.
2019-20.

However, the Government's contribution would not come if an applicant is already
a member of any other social security scheme like EPFO and other Provident Fund
plans. Also, those enrolled for Swavalamban scheme, introduced earlier, would be
given a choice to switch to the Atal Pension Scheme.

"We are a nation of large population with a lot of problems. Our first goal is
to solve those problems and second goal is to march on the path of development
by solving those problems. The Union Government is moving swiftly in the
direction of meeting the two goals," said Tomar.

Meanwhile, the three schemes were launched simultaneously at 10 places across
Jharkhand. DWSD Minister Chandra Prakash Chaudhary launched the scheme at
Hazaribagh, Minister Rural Development, Neelkanth Singh Munda rolled out the
schemes at Dhanbad, Minister Health, Ramchandra Chandravansi launched the
schemes in Gumla, Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment,
Sudarshan Bhagat alongwith Minister HRD, Neera Yadav launched the schemes at
Dumka, Minister Food & Civil Supplies, Saryu Roy rolled out the scheme in
Deoghar, Minister Labour Employment and Training, Raj Paliwar introduced these
schemes at Jamshedpur, Minister Agriculture, Randheer Singh inaugurated the
schemes at Bokaro and Development Commissioner R S Poddar launched the schemes
in Daltonganj.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     February 10, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Nearly Two Thirds, (64%) of UK's Largest Pension Schemes Plan to Use Insurance
De-risking Solutions According to New Research by Legal & General

LENGTH: 997  words


Feb. 10 -- UK-based Legal & General Life Insurance issued the following news
release:

A new report, De-risking journeys of large pension schemes, which surveyed over
40 of the UK's largest private sector pension schemes, each with over 1billion
in pension fund assets, shows that:

* Nearly two-thirds, (64%) are looking to arrange some form of insurance
de-risking solution to cover their liabilities, rather than retain and manage
the risk themselves;

* Nearly half, (47%) of interested schemes said that they were looking to
arrange buy-ins or buyouts in the next 5 years; and

* Over two thirds, (67%) of schemes interested in longevity insurance, were
looking to implement a solution in the next 5 years.

The UK's larger pension schemes are becoming a dominate force in the insurance
de-risking market with the large scheme arrangements completed in the market
over the past five years representing three quarters,(75%) of the total of 80bn
of insurance arrangements completed.

Tom Ground, Head of Bulk Annuities and Longevity Insurance, at Legal & General
said: "The De-risking journeys of large pension schemes report shows that almost
two thirds, (64%) of large pension schemes are looking to insure their
liabilities. However, it also shows that all stakeholders need to work together
to overcome barriers and achieve successful outcomes. It's all about certainty.
The good news is that insurance and investment solutions now let pension schemes
achieve this.

"2014 saw deficits of private sector schemes increase by over 100bn - more than
double the annual UK corporation tax bill*. In reaction to market volatility
2014 saw large schemes execute a series of landmark arrangements including the
largest buy-in, the largest buyout and the largest longevity hedging
arrangement. These arrangements covered over 21bn of pension scheme liability."

The research, which was commissioned by Legal & General with Engaged Investor,
asked the UK's largest private pension schemes about their long term de-risking
objectives and the barriers that they believe may prevent them from achieving
their aims.

Based on the information in the 2014 Pension Protection Fund Purple Book, Legal
& General's Bulk Annuities and Longevity Insurance team, estimate that there is
around 1trillon of liabilities and 0.7trillon of assets held by the 1billion
plus UK pension schemes. The pension fund assets of the larger schemes surveyed
as part of this Report, represent over 150 billion of pension fund assets and an
estimated 200 billion of buyout liabilities.

The increased demand for insurance de-risking from the UK's largest pension
schemes is clearly evidenced by the transactions completed by the ICI Pension
Fund, for 3 billion and the TRW Pension Scheme for 2.5 billion, last year.
Larger schemes have historically paved the way in the UK Defined Benefit, (DB)
pensions market, particularly on investment strategies, with similar approaches
then being adopted across the rest of the market. So the research findings are
important in understanding the objectives of the larger schemes and what is
driving their journeys, in providing valuable insight across the rest of the DB
market.

For example, over two thirds,(69%) of the large schemes surveyed said that
liability management was an important factor in achieving their long term
de-risking goals and two thirds, (67%) have already implemented liability driven
investment strategies, with the rest planning to do so.

Aaron Meder, Head of Investment, Legal & General Investment Management said:
"Many of our larger pension scheme clients are thinking about the next step in
their liability driven investment strategy and their ultimate objective of
paying pensions over the long term. Increasingly, schemes are looking to the
insurance industry, either as a counterparty to transfer risk to, or as an
indicator of how to manage a low risk, cash flow driven investment strategy,
that generates return in excess of the liabilities and so enables them to make
the pensions payments required over time."

Other key findings in the De-risking journeys of large pension schemes report
include:

* That affordability is the main barrier preventing large schemes from achieving
their long term objectives.

* Of the two thirds of the large schemes, (64%) who were planning on
implementing insurance as part of their de-risking strategy, over half, (53%)
are still yet to approach the market.

* Nearly half of large schemes interested in bulk annuities, (47%) said that
they would look to insure within the next five years and almost a fifth, (18%)
are looking to implement a bulk annuity in the next three years.

* Financial strength was rated as the most important factor by large schemes
when selecting an insurance provider. This was ranked higher than price, which
was second in the rankings.

* Nearly two thirds, (63%) of larger schemes surveyed said that arranging
insurance cover would be carried out as joint exercises between the trustees and
sponsoring employers.

* Almost three quarters, (69%) of large schemes said liability management was
important or very important in meeting their de-risking objectives.

* 40% of large schemes surveyed planned to carry out a trivial commutation
exercise in light of the additional flexibilities provided by the 2014 Budget
changes.

* Investment risk was rated as the most important risk factor facing pension
schemes. Longevity risk was second in the rankings.

* Over two thirds (67%) of larger schemes had implemented Liability Driven
Investment strategies, (LDI) and a further 10% expected to implement this
strategy in the next three years.

Corporates, trustees or advisers looking for further information on the
de-risking solutions available to large and smaller pension schemes, should call
Legal & General's Bulk Annuity and Longevity Insurance team on 020 3124 2994.
Those looking for more information on investment de-risking strategies should
contact Aaron Meder on 020 3124 3099.

Source: Legal & General Life Insurance

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Essex County Council signs off 63 road improvement schemes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


Essex County Council has given the gree light to 63 road improvement schemes
have been approved in Chelmsford, Brentwood and Rochford.

Thirty-two recommendations were signed off from the last Chelmsford City Local
Highways Panel meeting.

It included: three safer roads (casualty reduction) schemes/investigations, five
passenger transport schemes, six cycling schemes, five public rights of way
schemes and 13 traffic management improvement schemes. Together they represent
£428,420 (approximately 43 per cent) of the panel's £1,000,000 budget, with the
Panel scheduled to meet again on 2nd June in order to make further
recommendations.

Councillor Rodney Bass, cabinet member for highways and transportation, said:
"It is important for our roads to be as safe as they can be, so I am grateful to
the Local Highways Panels for putting so much time into recommending such
practical schemes."

Councillor Roy Whitehead, chairman of the Chelmsford City Local Highways Panel,
added: "'We are pleased to be making progress by getting these schemes, which
are so important to Chelmsford, agreed, but we know that there is still more
that we can do."

A total of 25 schemes were signed off following the Brentwood Borough Local
Highways Panel meeting.

The schemes include six passenger transport schemes, 16 traffic management
improvements schemes, two casualty reduction schemes and one public rights of
way scheme. They represent £264,700 (or approximately 59 per cent) of the
Brentwood Borough Local Highways Panel's £449,000 budget.

Brentwood Borough Councillor Keith Parker, Chairman of the Brentwood Borough
Local Highways Panel, said: "These carefully considered schemes aim to improve
the journeys of all who use our roads."

Six schemes were signed off following the Rochford District Local Highways Panel
meeting.

The schemes include: three traffic management improvements schemes, two public
rights of way schemes, and one casualty reduction scheme. They represent
£114,900 (or approximately 27 per cent) of the Rochford District Local Highways
Panel's £427,808 budget.

County Councillor Colin Seagers, Chairman of the Rochford District Local
Highways Panel, added: "I am very pleased these schemes met approval and look
forward to recommending more later in the year."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Bank to clamp down on pyramid schemes

BYLINE: Bernard Sathekge and sapa

LENGTH: 463 words


PEOPLE must be careful when choosing potential investment opportunities, the
Reserve Bank warned yesterday.

"You can never be too careful when it comes to protecting your hard-earned
savings. Get advice from an accredited and registered financial services
provider before you invest your money," spokesperson Hlengani Mathebula said.

This followed the launch of a national campaign to raise awareness of illegal
deposit-taking schemes, also known as pyramid or Ponzi schemes.

Legitimate financial services providers are regulated and supervised by either
the Bank, the Financial Services Board, or the National Credit Regulator.

"Do not just rely on advice from promoters or friends who may have benefited
from their investment."

The campaign encourages people to be careful when choosing investments.

"In pyramid and Ponzi schemes, for everyone who makes money, others will
inevitably lose their money," he said.

A pyramid scheme is an unsustainable business model that involves promising
participants huge returns, primarily for enrolling other people into the scheme,
rather than supplying any real investment.

The practice of illegal deposit taking or pyramid investment schemes has been a
major concern since it milks the gullible of their hard-earned money with the
false promise of paying out exorbitant returns.

A number of South Africans have lost billions through such schemes and the most
unfortunate part is that even if the mastermind is caught, the victims will not
get their money back.

There were economic consequences to illegal deposit-taking schemes, said the
Bank. "In some cases, people have raised loans with commercial banks and
micro-lenders to invest in these schemes. The money is then lost when those
schemes collapse but still they have to keep up the repayments to the lending
banks for the loans taken."

Mathebula said pyramid schemes absorbed people's savings, which would otherwise
be invested in the country's financial system. "The value of people's
investments in these schemes can run into millions of rands."

Mathebula said thousands of South Africans have fallen victim to illegal
deposit-taking schemes. In 2012, 11 new investigations carried over from
previous years were undertaken. Of the 38 schemes under review, 20
investigations were completed. In a five-year review, 146 schemes were
investigated.

Mathebula said the Bank had appointed inspectors to look into 75 cases relating
to illegal deposit-taking.

"The risk with Ponzi and pyramid schemes is that investors in each type of
scheme are unlikely to recover even a small percentage of their money. Some of
the schemes kept reinventing themselves by duplicating the same scheme under
different names," he said.

Elderly people are the most likely targets.

bernards@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

Nawaz unveils Rs 20bln youth uplift package

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 262

LENGTH: 999  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday announced a development package worth
Rs20 billion for the country's youth comprising six projects, aimed at providing
them assistance mainly through affordable education, soft loans and skill-based
training.

The six projects include Micro Interest Free Loans Scheme, Small Business Loans
Scheme, Youth Training Scheme, Youth Skill Development Scheme, Fee Assistance
Scheme and PM's Scheme for Laptops Provision, said Nawaz Sharif in his second
televised address to the nation.

He said the government was committed to the uplift of youth. "I am sure that a
self-reliant and prosperous youth will prove as a vanguard in the nation's
journey towards national integrity, prosperity and sovereignty."

The premier announced that the six development schemes would be applicable for
the youth of the four provinces, Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.

The federal cabinet had approved the basic features of these programmes on
September 13 and the system for their implementation was also in place.

Sharif said, however, to ensure more transparency, clarity and merit in these
schemes, it was his desire to seek guidance from general public.

He said input on these schemes could be given at the website, www.pmo.gov.pk,
being uploaded on September 23.

A special mobile phone number '80028' had also been dedicated for this purpose
to which suggestions could be sent through SMS.

The prime minister said the details of these schemes would also be circulated
through national media including newspapers and television channels.

Nawaz Sharif said the general public was welcome to send their written proposals
addressed to the Prime Minister's Office in Islamabad as well. He said 10-days
had been allocated for collection of suggestions and recommendations, and added
he would not be satisfied until receiving an ample response from youth on the
schemes meant for their prosperity.

The schemes would be launched soon after working on the proposals and giving
them a final shape.

He said Rs20 billion allocated for the schemes for youth was not a big amount;
however the limitation of resources owed to the severe economic problems of the
country.

The issues including electricity shortage, the projects about construction of
roads, motorways, hospitals and setting up of industrial units needed large
monetary resources.

He expressed hope that a time would come when the tax payers' money would be
largely spent on the welfare projects and vowed to allocate more funds for the
schemes of public importance in coming years.

About the first scheme, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said the 'Micro Interest
Free Loans' is especially focused upon the financially weak segments of the
society.

Under this scheme, a total of Rs3.5 billion would be earmarked in the current
financial year, which would benefit about 250,000 people. No interest would be
charged on these loans.

He also announced 'Small Business Loan Scheme' exclusively for the educated
youth willing to initiate their private businesses.

The prime minister said 50 per cent loans would be specified for the women.
Under this scheme, skilled individuals would get loans worth Rs0.5 million to
Rs2 million each to help start their work in agriculture sector or to open
workshops.

"The markup rate on this loan would be 8 per cent as the remaining would be
borne by the government. Initially, the National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank will extend this loan," said the premier, adding that the government
had allocated Rs5 billion for the scheme.

The third initiative, he said was 'Youth Training Scheme' under which the youth
having completed 16-year education from accredited educational institutes would
be provided training so that they may find suitable job opportunities locally or
abroad.

He also prayed that every citizen may get job opportunity in the country without
going abroad.

Prime Minister Sharif said during the on-job-training, the youth will be paid
Rs10,000 stipend monthly for one year and Rs4 billion have been allocated for
the scheme that would benefit around 50,000 graduates.

Under the 'Youth Skill Development Scheme,' he said youngsters would be trained
to help them earn their livelihood respectfully. The youth aged up to 25 years
and with education up to eighth grade would be entitled to avail this facility.

The premier then went on to elaborate the six schemes briefly.

1. The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of
the society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people. An
allocation of Rs3.5 billion has been made during the current financial year.

2. The second scheme is for small business loans for those youth who were
educated and/or skilled and wished to become entrepreneurs in their industry.
Five billion rupees have been allocated for the scheme, which will give out
loans ranging from Rs 0.5-2 million.

3. The youth training scheme will provide training for entry into the job market
to an estimated 50, 000 potential graduates who have completed 16 years or more
of education. This scheme has Rs4 billion earmarked for it.

4. The youth skilled development scheme will provide technical and vocational
training to students who have passed the eighth grade. They will be given six
months of training in different trades along with a scholarship of Rs5,000 a
month.

5. Under another scheme, the government plans to sponsor the tuition fees for
the higher studies of financially deprived students. The government will pay at
an average, forty thousand rupees of annual fees on behalf of each of the 30,000
students for MA, MSc and higher level education. This scheme is being launched
at a cost of Rs1.2 billion.

6. Another scheme was launched for the provision of laptops to 100,000 students.
This will incur a cost of Rs4 billion rupees.

The Prime Minister said the Federal Cabinet had already approved basic structure
of these schemes, but they were open to more suggestions on making these schemes
more transparent and just. News agencies

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

Defined benefit pensions: how much is the promise worth?;
Members of defined benefit schemes are potentially paying a high price for an
increasingly uncertain pension promise

BYLINE: Fiona Reddan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1304 words


They might be "gold-plated", but the so-called Rolls Royce of pension schemes
are likely soon to be a thing of the past. A host of Irish corporates, including
Independent News & Media, Permanent TSB and Aviva in just the past month have
opted to either wind up, or significantly reduce, the benefits they provide
under their defined benefit (DB) schemes.

But why are so many companies opting out of DB pensions and should you be
concerned if you are a member of such a scheme?

For most companies, the decision to wind up a DB scheme, which promises a
pension based on your final salary and length of service, is taken for financial
reasons. Permanent TSB, for example, has indicated that such schemes "are no
longer viable".

Indeed, while official figures show that about 80 per cent of DB schemes are
currently in deficit, John Tuohy, chief executive of Acuvest, puts the figure
closer to 90 per cent. While most of these schemes are now closed to new
members, with such significant deficits they are still incapable of meeting the
needs of existing members in their future retirement.

At an already challenging time, this is putting an unwelcome strain on the
finances of many companies.

Samantha McConnell, chief investment officer of IFG Corporate Pensions, notes
that a DB scheme represents an open-ended liability on a company's balance
sheet.

"It's very difficult to forecast. You can't control how long people will live,
and you've no idea how much it will cost to pay out annuities at the far end,"
she says, adding that as a result, the days of DB schemes are numbered.

"The Waterford Crystal case (see panel below) put the final death nail in DB
schemes. If you're a member in a private sector scheme, you really need to think
if that scheme will be around when you retire," she warns.

"Defined benefit schemes may be seen as a valuable benefit, but they only have a
value if there is something there at the end".

It is for that reason Tuohy asserts that the decision to wind up your company's
pension scheme is not necessarily something to be feared. For Tuohy, the DB
model is "irreparably broken" and both companies and members of their pension
schemes would be far better served by a well-managed and properly-resourced
defined contribution (DC) scheme.          Risks inherent         "The first
thing you have to realise is there are a lot of risks inherent in a DB scheme,
and the principal risk is you don't have a guarantee on a pension," says Tuohy.

"People hear that a DB scheme is being wound up and the assumption is that it's
bad news; yes it's bad news on the basis that you had an expectation that was
wrong, but it wasn't a guarantee".

The trouble, of course, is that most members of DB schemes understood it to be a
guarantee, in large part because that is how the pensions industry generally
referred to them - at least until the collapse of the Waterford Crystal scheme
in 2009, which left 1,700 members with pensions far below their expectations.

At that point, the reference to "guarantee" was swiftly amended to the less
committing "promise".

Indeed, while in the UK employers are required to honour the terms of DB schemes
, no such compulsion exists in Ireland. Rather, an employer has simply
"promised" to honour the scheme - but has no legal obligation to do so.

"Unlike in the UK, employers can walk away from it - it's not a guarantee,"
warns McConnell.

While the OECD may have criticised this in its recent report on Ireland -
suggesting that healthy plan sponsors should not be allowed to walk away from DB
plans unless assets cover 90 per cent of pension liabilities - the situation is
unlikely to change in the current economic climate.          Enough money
So for now, a DB scheme is really only as good as this "promise".

"You have to make a judgment that on the date you retire there will be enough
money in the scheme, and that, if there isn't, your employer will step in and
make good on it," says Tuohy.

And for those who do find themselves in a scheme with a shortfall, there's a
further problem. Where the scheme assets might have been substantially eroded,
you will find there are other people in the queue ahead of you who have prior
claim on those remaining funds.

"The second issue is that the inherent structure of an Irish DB scheme is
unfair. If there are lots of people who'll retire before you, the way the DB
scheme structure is set up is that they will take what they need before it gets
to you," says Tuohy.

"You could have a scheme that's fully funded today but, if 10 people retire
tomorrow, you will need more than what's in the kitty after they take what they
need."

In this regard, moving to a DC scheme, in which your pension pot will be based
solely on the amount of contributions from you and your employer, and the fund's
investment performance, can be a positive and offer substantially more
certainty.

On the downside, where employers have traditionally carried the financial risk
in DB schemes - at least until the recent move to wind-ups - in a defined
contribution arrangement, it is the often financially unsophisticated employee
who carries all the risk.

"The advantage of a DC scheme is ring-fencing. You have your own account and you
can make your own investment decisions. Some people turn it into a negative,
noting that all the risk is transferred to you, but you have more control over
it and the big risk that is removed is erosion - unless you make poor investment
decisions," says Tuohy, adding, "I'm not saying it's [DC schemes] perfect in its
current form, but it can be very good".

McConnell agrees. "If your company collapses it's still your pot of money. It's
much more mobile and you're not dependent on your employer effectively," she
says.

However, while DC schemes do have their advantages over final salary
equivalents, there is no getting away from the fact that benefits available in
such schemes are likely to be significantly lower than those granted under a DB
scheme.

"If you believe the employer is absolutely gold-plated and committed to keeping
the scheme open - then DB is definitely better," says McConnell.

A DC member looking to get EUR 60,000 as an income at retirement would need a
pension fund of about EUR 2.4 million. With employer contribution rates
typically about 6 per cent for DC plans, the onus will be on the employee to
contribute a significant chunk of their annual income towards planning for
retirement.

In comparison, employer contributions for DB schemes are typically of the order
of 18 per cent. "I would think contributions are a little low," says Tuohy,
pointing out that it's "early days" in terms of the contributions companies make
for DC schemes.          Holding firm         But it's difficult again to
compare like with like. Going back to the earlier point, a final salary pension
is just a promise - and one that the employer might renege on.

In this respect, even if your company appears to be holding firm to its DB plan,
could a case be made that you should switch to a DC fund anyway?

"I think there is; I think the bird in the hand is worth two in the bush,"
advises Tuohy.

Another issue is whether you have the option. Most occupational DB schemes
function by requiring incoming staff to join - you don't have a choice to opt
out.

Forcing younger employees to join a scheme already in deficit and which holds
little prospect of delivering a pension 30 or 40 years down the line is an issue
that has yet to be addressed. It seems only a matter of time before someone
challenges the legality of such arrangements.

For McConnell, it's worth posing some serious questions to yourself.

"If you're under 40, you definitely won't be in a DB scheme by the time you get
to retirement, and what you're doing now is paying to subsidise pensioners
-you're paying in now but will you ever get it back?"

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: Roads, transport sectors get more than half of uplift funds

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 2 -- THE Punjab government has focused the electioneering related
development activities during the first six months of the ongoing fiscal year
2012-13 by approving more than 70 percent of the Annual Development Program fund
during the period.

The government, out of Rs151.527 billion funds released for development schemes,
provided over Rs84 billion for roads and transport sectors only. For transport
sector, Rs42.731 billion worth 14 schemes were approved, out of which a mega
chunk of almost Rs21 billion was released for the Metro Bus Service (MBS).

According to official figures released by the Punjab Planning and Development
Board on Monday in a review meeting chaired by P&D Board Chairman Javed Aslam,
the board had approved Rs151.527 billion worth schemes during the first six
months of the ongoing fiscal year against the total volume of Rs210 billion ADP.
The government has also released almost all the approved schemes funds in six
months for timely execution before the general election.

The P&D Board had successfully conducted 25 meetings of the Provincial
Development Working Party (PDWP) during the six months period and approved 134
development schemes of 21 different development sectors. Interestingly, the
Metro Bus Service (MBS) has received highest chunk from the funds while road
infrastructure remained the focus of the provincial government during the first
six moths.

Official figures quoted that 14 schemes of Rs42.731 billion were approved for
transport sector during the six months out of which major approval was given to
the MBS project with almost Rs21 billion worth funds release.

The government had also approved Rs26.45 billion worth four schemes for
agriculture sector out of which a major chunk went to Green Tractor Scheme.

The provincial government had approved six schemes worth Rs10.065 billion for
education sector and two schemes of Rs3.035 billion of literacy sector.

After devolution of power to the province as result of 18th Amendment of the
constitution, the Punjab government had also approved 11 development schemes
worth Rs19.5 billion for the health sector.

Interestingly, the Punjab government, after Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's youth
focused electioneering campaign also paid attention to the youth and approved
one scheme of Rs15.13 billion worth for the Youth Affairs sector.

Besides, Rs16.93 billion worth of three schemes were started under the Special
Infrastructure Sector and Rs42.135 billion were released for 49 schemes of Roads
Sector.

The government released an amount of Rs92.367 million for a scheme of Mines and
Minerals sector, Rs620.845 million for four schemes of Archeology Sector and
Rs290.500 million for a scheme of Information and Culture Sector. In Irrigation
sector, the government had given approval to 11 schemes during the first six
months of Rs12.532 billion worth. To control the energy issue damages in the
forthcoming general election, the Punjab government had also approved two
schemes for the sector worth Rs2.896 billion.

Eight schemes of Rs6.524 billion worth were approved for the Public Buildings
Sector, Rs1.539 billion worth six schemes were passed for the Urban Development
Sector, one scheme of Rs460.529 million of the District Programme and three
schemes of Rs1.594 billion worth of Regional Planning Sector were approved
during the first six months of fiscal year 2012-13.

Three schemes worth Rs.483 million were approved for P&D Sector and two schemes
worth Rs1.084 billion for Auqaf. Whereas, a scheme of DERA Sector worth Rs2.331
million and a scheme relating to Consultancy Sector worth Rs1.200 million were
also approved in the PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning
and Development Department during the first half of ongoing fiscal year
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: Bureaucrats fail to use Rs1.5bn meant for cities

LENGTH: 727 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 25 -- In the absence of an elected local government system in the
province, a huge amount of Rs1.5 billion, which was part of over Rs10 billion
special packages for five cities and four parts of Karachi, remained unutilised
despite the fact that the provincial government had released over Rs7.8 billion
during the last financial year, it emerged on Sunday.

The Sindh government had given over Rs10 billion special packages for Karachi,
Hyderabad, Shaheed Benazirabad, Larkana, Lyari, Malir, Keamari, Karachi
Underdeveloped Area and Sukkur in the budget 2011-12.

While the provincial government had released over Rs7.8 billion under the head
of special packages, bureaucrats running the affairs of local governments for
the last over two years failed to utilise the full amount apparently due to
their incapability.

Sources said that in the absence of the LG system in the province, the
bureaucracy appeared reluctant to implement the development schemes for various
reasons.

Had there been a local government system in place, the amount of Rs1.5 billion
could have been utilised as elected area representatives had initiated
development schemes for the people's betterment, said an official.

According to a report, the government had released Rs1.266 billion for the
ongoing and new development schemes of Karachi.

However, only Rs520.561 million was utilised by March 2012 under the head of the
ongoing schemes.

Out of the six new schemes costing Rs2.458 billion only one scheme costing Rs802
million was authenticated by the department against which Rs125 million was
released but during the period not a single penny could be spent on it.

On the Lyari development package, Rs790 million was allocated, including Rs115
million for the ongoing schemes, only Rs47.302 million was spent, while
Rs611.229 million, released against the new scheme, was not utilised during the
nine months of the last financial year.

For the Malir package, Rs500 million was allocated for a new scheme, but only
Rs47.380 million was used.

For the Keamari package, Rs800 million was allocated, including Rs489.500
million for the ongoing schemes. An amount of Rs464.9 million was released for
the ongoing schemes, but only Rs272.412 million was utilised. Similarly, of
Rs310.500 million, Rs308.299 million was released but the work on the scheme
could not be started.

An amount of Rs50 million was allocated for the ongoing schemes of the Karachi
Underdeveloped Area package and Rs49.395 million was utilised.

However, out of the Rs50 million allocated for new development scheme, Rs30.5
million was utilised.For the Karachi East package, Rs100 million was allocated
for the ongoing scheme, which was also released but only Rs59.408 million was
utilised.

For the Hyderabad development special package, Rs999.8 million was allocated,
including Rs379 million for the ongoing schemes, but only Rs63.745 was utilised.
Similarly, of the Rs620.800 million allocated for new schemes, Rs547.445 was
released but only Rs127.845 million was utilised.

In the Shaheed Benazirabad package, there were four specific schemes for which a
total of Rs2.049 billion was allocated, including Rs472.242 million for revised
schemes, Rs216.888 million for education, Rs56.353 million for the ongoing
uplift schemes and Rs1.304 billion for new schemes.

An amount of Rs222.242 million was released in the head of a revised scheme, but
only Rs68.792 was utilised. Similarly, Rs216.888 million was allocated for
education-related schemes, but only Rs56.519 million was utilised.

Out of Rs56.355 million, which was for the previous year's development scheme,
only Rs10.688 was utilised.

For new schemes, Rs1.304 billion was allocated under the special package and
Rs1.234 million was released, but during the period not a single penny could be
utilised.

In the Larkana development package, Rs2 billion was allocated and despite
release of Rs1.064 billion, work on no scheme could be initiated as all funds
remained unutilised.

Sukkur was given a special development package for the first time with the
allocation of Rs700 million. Here, only Rs115.707 was utilised against the
released amount of Rs683.378 million Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             August 6, 2010 Friday
                                 Second Edition

ASIC acts on Lettenproperty schemes

BYLINE: Marsha Jacobs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 530 words


Melbourne accountant Mark Letten has had receivers and managers appointed to
five unregistered property schemes following their appointment earlier this year
to 15 more of his schemes.

The Australian Securities and Investments Commission has alleged that Mr Letten
operated commercial property schemes as unregistered managed investment schemes.
ASIC has placed the schemes and companies under the receivership of KPMG.

Last week ASIC secured court orders that three of the schemes, which had raised
funds from Australian and New Zealand investors, were not registered and should
be wound up. The schemes all relate to NZ and are the Moorhouse Shopping Centre
Project in Christchurch, the Cass Bay Spur Project in Lyttelton Harbour and the
Mount Hutt Project in Menthven.

About 260 investors, 60 of them in New Zealand, are believed to have invested
about $19 million in the NZ schemes.

Another two schemes, which raised money for projects in NSW and Victoria, had
receivers appointed. The schemes are Tomasetti House Joint Venture, for a
property on Melbourne's Flinders Lane, and Aurora Park Project in Frenchs
Forrest, in Sydney's northern suburbs.

About 340 investors are believed to have invested some $20 million in the two
schemes.

The court did not make findings about whether the two schemes were unregistered
managed investment schemes.

An ASIC investigation into the affairs of Mr Letten has sought to protect more
than 1000 investors who have invested more than $80 million.

In a press release yesterday, ASIC said KPMG's role was to "secure the assets,
identify the investors and establish the current financial position of the
schemes and the companies".

KPMG is required to prepare disclosure reports regarding the schemes by August
27.

In February ASIC won Federal Court orders on 15 managed investment schemes and
43 companies related to Mr Letten, again alleging he had operated them as
unregistered managed investment schemes.

The bulk of the schemes are in Victoria and include the Yarra Valley Golf Club
resort, which went ahead despite environmental protests. The project cost more
than $25 million.

The court confirmed that 11 of the schemes breached the Corporations Act by not
being registered.

ASIC is also looking at whether Mr Letten provided financial services without a
licence.

It has sought orders that he Â­be permanently restrained from Â­operating a
financial services business and from promoting or operÂ­ting managed investment
schemes.

The February court orders said the schemes would ultimately be wound up, but the
receivers told the court in April they believed it was appropriate to sell the
assets of the schemes, including properties in the Melbourne CBD, a residential
golf club in the Yarra Valley outside Melbourne, the Sebel Reef House Resort in
Queensland's Palm Cove and the Heritage Golf and Country Club outside Melbourne.

The Yarra Valley golf club sale included two golf courses - one of them designed
by golfing legend Jack Nicklaus - along with portions of land, the club house
and other assets.

The court will also be asked to decide how to manage any potential returns to
investors after all debts are paid off by proceeds from the asset sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DIAGRAM: Under scrutiny. Major ASIC enforcement actions in 2008-09 for
operating an unregistered managed investment scheme · Gregory Nathan engaged in
dishonest conduct and obtained money by making false statements. · Patricia
Jenkins dishonestly gained a financial advantage of $132,000. · Richard Harris
was involved in the operation of an unregistered MIS involving 200 people.
Actions against company directors · ASIC banned 44 company directors from
managing companies in 2009. · ASIC prosecuted 724 company officers for 1125
contraventions in fiscal 2009, down from 752 officers and 1455 breaches in 2008.
SOURCE: ASIC ANNUAL REPORT 2008-09

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 01, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

No need to be confused when you choose a medical scheme;
If you know what information to ask for, you will find that selecting the
medical scheme that suits your needs is not that difficult, says Victor Crouser,
the managing director of health care at NMG Consultants and Actuaries. Crouser,
who has been involved in independent healthcare consulting and broking for 11
years, was speaking at the Personal Finance/Discovery Health Health Focus
seminars that were held around the country recently. A'Eysha Kassiem reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1111 words


With so many options available, you may become confused when choosing a medical
scheme for the year ahead.

But, according to Victor Crouser, the decision-making process boils down to two
key things: finding the medical scheme that suits your needs and then choosing
the right benefit option within that scheme.

Crouser says he is well aware how you, the consumer, struggle to understand
medical schemes' benefit options and jargon.

He says consumers often complain that medical schemes' brochures are difficult
to understand, containing a multitude of acronyms but few explanations. He says
you should work with a healthcare broker to make sense of it all.

When consumers do join a scheme, he says it is sometimes a "grudge purchase" and
regarded as a "must have", rather than a "want-to-have".

The main factors you should consider when choosing a medical scheme, Crouser
says, are the size of a scheme relative to other schemes, the rate at which its
membership is growing or declining, the average age of its members and the level
of its reserves. (By law, medical schemes are required to hold 25 percent of
their contribution income in reserve.)

All these factors can influence the financial health of the scheme and
ultimately the contributions you pay.

Crouser says based on the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for
2006/7, Discovery Health and Bonitas were leading the pack in terms of
membership numbers.

In terms of membership growth, he says, Momentum had the highest percentage
growth from 2005 to 2006. Momentum was followed by Bonitas, Resolution Health,
Discovery and Fedhealth.

Crouser says it is important to take into account the impact the Government
Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) might have on the scheme you plan to join,
because many open schemes stand to lose a significant number of members to Gems.

Gems started operating in 2006, and government employees are being offered a
higher subsidy of their contributions as an incentive to join Gems rather than
remain on their current medical scheme.

Crouser says if a scheme lost a large proportion of its membership to Gems and
failed to replace them, it would enter a death spiral and eventually be forced
to close down.

Benefit options

Crouser says when choosing a benefit option within a scheme, you need to
consider which option will suit your needs in terms of:

u Hospital cover.

u Chronic illness cover.

u Day-to-day/out-of-hospital cover.

u Preventative treatment, such as cholesterol screening or pap smears.

u Provider choice. Do you have the complete freedom to choose which healthcare
provider, such as a general practitioner, you want to consult, or does the
benefit option require you to use a provider that belongs to a particular
network of doctors, pharmacies or hospitals?

u Whether you have to make any co-payments or pay any levies.

u The rate at which the scheme pays healthcare providers. This determines
whether the scheme reimburses in full the healthcare providers you use or you
have to pay part of the cost of the service.

Crouser says this is one of the biggest challenges currently facing members. Now
that healthcare providers and medical schemes no longer hold negotiations to
agree on a uniform set of tariffs, members are exposed to the vagaries of the
market. Schemes are setting rates at which they will reimburse members,
providers are setting the rates they will charge and members are being caught in
the middle and face paying the difference.

u Loyalty/wellness programmes.

u How the medical scheme provides the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs). The
PMBs are benefits that schemes must by law provide, and include about 300
emergency medical and life-threatening conditions. They also include the
diagnosis, treatment and care of 25 common chronic conditions. Does the scheme,
for example, require you to be treated for the PMBs only in state hospitals or
only in certain private hospitals?

If you suffer from a chronic illness that is covered by the PMBs, will you have
to obtain your medication from a state hospital or will it be dispensed by a
private doctor in terms of a formulary (a list of approved medicines that are
cost-effective for treating chronic conditions)?

Benefit design

Crouser says medical schemes generally offer options that can be categorised as
one of the following:

u Hospital cover - unless the treatment falls under the PMBs, there is no
day-to-day cover;

u Hospital cover and, for day-to-day medical expenses, what you put into a
savings account;

u Hospital cover and extended day- to-day cover;

u A basket of traditional benefits - you are covered for both hospital and
day-to-day expenses; and

u Capitation/network model. You must use healthcare providers that belong to a
network of doctors, pharmacists, hospitals, opticians, pathology laboratories
and so on.

What your broker should do

Crouser says it is advisable that you use a broker to help you understand a
scheme's benefit design and choose an option that suits your needs.

He says you should select a broker who is accredited with the Council for
Medical Schemes and who is licensed in terms of the Financial Advisory and
Intermediary Services Act.

Your broker should not just be dabbling in the medical scheme business in order
to retain clients who need life assurance, but should specialise in providing
medical scheme advice because it is a highly complex field, Crouser says.

When advising you, your broker should start by conducting a financial needs
analysis to determine exactly what healthcare cover you need.

Your broker should present you with a choice of a minimum of four schemes that
may meet your particular needs, Crouser says. Your broker should provide you
with a comprehensive comparison of these four schemes to help you identify the
one you believe is most suitable.

After you have identified the most appropriate option within a scheme, Crouser
says your broker needs to take you through the process of applying to join the
scheme. This could include helping you to complete an application for chronic
medication, for example.

Crouser says your broker should help you to solve any problems you might
encounter with your cover during the year - for example, how to manage the
expense of taking your child to an orthodontist.

At the end of each year, your broker should reassess your current option and
help you to understand any changes your scheme might have made to its benefit
design.

Your broker should fully disclose how he or she is paid, Crouser says. By law,
brokers are entitled to earn three percent of your contributions, to a maximum
of R60.70 a month (excluding VAT). At current average contribution rates, this
works out to about R40 a month, or about R500 a year.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  June 3, 1999

Orso bill aims to clear up doubt over MPF exemption

BYLINE: ENOCH YIU

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 428 words


A bill seeking to clarify the eligibility of occupational retirement schemes
(Orso) to apply for exemption under the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Schemes
Ordinance will be gazetted tomorrow.

The Occupational Retirement Schemes (Amendment) Bill 1999 is to be introduced
into the Legislative Council on June 16.

Due to launch in December next year, the MPF will require the 300,000 Hong Kong
companies which do not have a pension scheme to set up an MPF plan for their
total 2.2 million employees.

The Orso and MPF schemes have substantial differences in contribution levels and
structure. For example, Orso schemes allow employees to receive their pension
when they leave the company.

Under the MPF, if an employee changes jobs his pension will be transferred to
the new company and will continue to accumulate until retirement at 65.

There are about 18,000 Orso schemes in Hong Kong, covering about 800,000
workers.

Of these, 11,000 set up on a trust-governed basis before October 15, 1995, are
eligible to apply for exemption from being converted into MPF schemes.

The 2,000 set up after the 1995 deadline will have to convert into MPF schemes.

The remaining 5,000 Orso schemes now in the form of pooled insurance
arrangements can apply for exemption if they change into trust-governed schemes.

The Registrar of Occupational Retirement Schemes Alan Wong Chi-kong said the
proposed amendment bill would clarify the eligibility for exemption of these
insurance-based Orso schemes.

Under the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance, if a registered scheme
changes its insurance pooling agreement into a trust-governed scheme, it has to
be registered again.

"Whether such re-registered schemes and other schemes that have undergone
changes after registration are still eligible for MPF exemption is not clearly
set out in the legislation," Mr Wong said.

"This may make it difficult for some employers and scheme administrators to make
necessary arrangements before the MPF System is implemented next year."

To clarify possible doubts, the bill proposes the eligibility of an Orso scheme
to apply for MPF exemption will not be affected by re-registration in accordance
with the Orso requirements.

"In implementing the MPF system, it is our intention to allow existing
registered occupational retirement schemes to seek MPF exemption after some
necessary changes," Mr Wong said.

The proposed bill has the support of the Law Society of Hong Kong and members of
the Guidelines Committee of the MPF Schemes Authority.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              262 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                October 19, 1994

Firms urged to promote pensions

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 550 words


THE registrar of occupational retirement schemes has been emphasising the
importance of being on time in daily life, and the consequences of being late.
The message he has been trying to convey to employers, professional advisers and
employees alike is the importance of early registration of retirement schemes.

This gentle prodding marks the countdown to the deadline under the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Ordinance that these plans must be registered on or before
October 15 next year.

However, Stephen Ip, the registrar of occupational retirement schemes,
emphasised the importance of registering all retirement schemes as early as
possible. He said that the retirement provision is an important staff benefit
and by establishing a retirement scheme for employees, employers show their
concern and commitment to their staff's social welfare.

''It is a straightforward process and we have a professional team ready to deal
with any questions from employers or their professional advisers,'' Mr Ip said.

The Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance has been in effect since October
15 last year. Under its provisions, all private sector retirement schemes are
required to be registered with the registrar of occupational retirement schemes
within a transitional period of two years.

It is estimated that currently there are about 850,000 employees in Hong Kong,
or about 35 per cent of the workforce, covered by some form of retirement
schemes. Only about 10 per cent of smaller to medium-sized business concerns
have established retirement schemes, in contrast to the majority of large
corporations in Hong Kong which have set up retirement schemes.

By setting up a retirement scheme, employers can enjoy a tax relief from their
contributions and their payments from a scheme can be used to offset both long
service and severance payments, said Mr Ip.

The advantage of having a retirement scheme in place, he said, was that it would
help to recruit and retain quality staff by offering them a better remuneration
package.

''The establishment and registration of a retirement scheme need not be too
complicated as there are many pooled schemes in the market to meet particular
needs of individual companies. The administrators of these schemes will take
care of the establishment and application of the schemes for the employers,'' he
said.

Meanwhile, the registrar of retirement schemes has launched an ''umbrella logo''
which can be used by employers in their recruitment advertising, allowing
job-seekers to quickly identify which employers offer a retirement scheme.

The South China Morning Post is one of the first newspapers to enthusiastically
support and promote the use of this ''umbrella logo'' along with the recruitment
advertisements of those firms which offer a retirement scheme for their
employees.

''We are pleased to be able to support this worthwhile initiative and
incorporate the logo device in all our recruitment advertisements. We are
promoting heavily the importance of retirement schemes to our advertisers and
stressing the benefit to be gained by those companies displaying the new
occupational retirement scheme logo in their advertisements,'' said Sylvia
Wilson, classified advertising director, of the South China Morning Post.


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephen Ip, the registrar of occupational retirement schemes, is urging
companies to set up these plans for staff before October 15 next year.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              263 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Leicester Mercury

                            October 27, 2015 Tuesday

Previous ProCon winners, 2003-2014

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 16-17

LENGTH: 556  words


Small scheme

Union Wharf, Market Harborough (1).

Large scheme

The National Space Centre, Leicester (2).

Project

Conkers Discovery Centre, Moira.

Small scheme

Waterloo House, Leicester.

Large scheme

De Montfort University Campus Centre Building, Leicester.

Project

Restoration of New Walk, Leicester.

Small project

Ravenhurst Primary School, Braunstone, New Teaching Accommodation.

Large scheme

Braunstone Leisure Centre, Leicester.

Building

Nevill Holt Hall, near Market Harborough (3).

Regeneration

The River Buildings in Leicester's West End.

Sustainable

Braunstone Health and Social Care Centre, Leicester

Small scheme

Old Grammar School, Freeschool Lane, Leicester.

Large scheme

Castle Rock High School, Coalville.

Building

Centre for Collaborative Construction Research, Loughborough University.

Regeneration

The BRITE Centre, Braunstone.

Sustainable

Castle Rock High School, Coalville.

Small scheme

Kilworth House Hotel Outdoor Theatre, North Kilworth.

Large scheme

One Colton Square, Leicester.

Building

New Music School, Loughborough Endowed Schools.

Regeneration

Fabric, Yeoman Street, Leicester (4).

Sustainable

Bushloe High School, Wigston.

Small scheme

The City Rooms, Leicester.

Large scheme

Highcross John Lewis Car Park, Leicester.

Building

David Wilson Library, University of Leicester.

Regeneration

The Shoe Factory, Abbey Park Road, Leicester (5).

Sustainable

Madani High School, Leicester.

Small scheme

The Phoenix Studios, Belgrave Gate, Leicester.

Large scheme

Highcross shopping centre, Leicester.

Building

Curve theatre, Leicester.

Regeneration

Leicester City Centre Development Project.

Sustainable

The Green Man House, Congerstone.

Small scheme

Charnwood Primary School, Leicester.

Large scheme

Hugh Aston Building, Faculty of Business and Law at De Montfort University,
Leicester.

Building

John Ferneley College, Melton.

Regeneration

South Leicestershire College, South Wigston Campus.

Sustainable

Himalaya restaurant at Twycross Zoo.

Small scheme

Hicks Lodge, The National Forest Cycle Centre, Moira.

Large scheme

The Uppingham School Sports Centre.

Building

Percy Gee Building,   University of Leicester (6).

Regeneration

Edinburgh House, Market Harborough.

Sustainable

Oakham Church of England Primary School.

Small scheme

New Physics Building, Loughborough Endowed Schools.

Large scheme

Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Leisure Centre, Leicester.

Building

Loughborough Design School, Loughborough University.

Regeneration

Loughborough Eastern Gateway project.

Sustainable

Allerton Project Visitor Centre, Manor Farm,   Loddington.

Small & medium residential

Belgrave Riverside - Phase 1, Leicester.

Large residential scheme

The Summit, Eastern Boulevard, Leicester.

Small non-residential scheme

Silver Arcade shopping centre, Leicester (7).

Large non-residential scheme

Manor Road Sports Facility, Oadby.

Regeneration project

The Makers Yard, Rutland Street, Leicester.

Sustainable development

Pear Tree Office Park, Ratby.

Small residential scheme

Solar House, Great Glen (8).

Large residential scheme

Old Hall Farm, Cottesmore.

Small non-residential scheme

Rutland Agricultural Society HQ and Oakham Rugby Club.

Large non-residential scheme

King Richard III Visitor Centre, Leicester (9).

Regeneration project

Western Road, Leicester - Phase 3.

Sustainable development

Solar House, Great Glen.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PICTURE: will johnston
award-winning: King Richard III Visitor Centre, in Leicester
out of this world: Star Wars at National Space Centre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 June 10, 2015

Making More Nigerians Key Into NHIs

BYLINE: Ebere Nwoji

LENGTH: 2375 words


More than a decade after its introduction the National Health Insurance Scheme
is yet to achieve its objective mainly because of lack of awareness and neglect
by many Nigerians.

Recent cases of two young women aged below 32, who died after complications
arose with the birth of their new babies, raised questions on why Nigerians have
continued to jettison the National Health Insurance scheme (NHIS) put in place
by federal government to provide health care delivery to them at affordable
cost.

The two women resided in Ajegunle, Apapa and Iba, a Lagos suburb respectively
before their death.

The women from Ajegunle was said to have delivered safely in the resident of a
native mid wife purported to be naturally endowed with skill and experience for
delivering expectant mothers. She was said to have started bleeding shortly
after getting to her house. She gave up the ghost even before she could be taken
to a nearby hospital.

The one from Iba was said to have started experiencing unusual weakness few days
after she delivered in a native medicine man's place. She reportedly collapsed
and died in her house.

The most pathetic of the incidents was the one that happened in Ajegunle, as the
deceased was said to be the bread winner of the family, the husband having lost
his job two years earlier.

The widower who cried uncontrollably lamented that the deceased was the one
feeding the family and paying their children's school fees since he lost his job
as security man.

Asked by THISDAY if he had any life insurance cover for his wife, he replied,
'for where'?

The two incidents cited were among many others recorded in Nigeria on a daily
basis. Many Nigerians, especially women and children have lost their lives
through patronage of quacks and traditional medicine men and women raising the
question as to why Nigerians have continued to neglect the health insurance
scheme.

The National Health Insurance scheme also called statutory health insurance is
health insurance that insures a national population for the costs of health
care.

It is usually instituted as a program of healthcare reform enforced by law. It
may be administered by the public sector, the private sector, or a combination
of both.

Funding for the scheme differs from one country to another.

The scheme in Nigeria

Here in Nigeria, the scheme functions as a social health security system in
which the health care of employees in the Formal Sector is paid for from funds
created by pooling the contributions of employees and employers. The Formal
Sector in this regard consists of public sector, organised private sector, Armed
Forces, Police and Allied services, students of tertiary institutions and
voluntary contributors.

Healthcare providers under the Scheme provides the benefit package to the
contributors such as outpatient care including necessary consumables.

The scheme, which was put in place by the federal government during the regime
of former president Olusegun Obasanjo was aimed at providing easy access to
healthcare for all Nigerians at an affordable cost through various prepayment
systems.

The scheme established under Act 35 of 1999 is totally committed to securing
universal coverage and access to adequate and affordable healthcare in order to
improve the health status of Nigerians, especially for those participating in
the various programmes/products of the Scheme.

Unfortunately, more than 15 years down the line, available records showed that
only about 5.3 million Nigerians, less than four per cent of the population have
keyed into the scheme out of over 160 million population of the country. They
are mainly public sector workers.

This is so despite the fact that today, many pregnant women die during child
birth in their bid to patronise quacks and traditional mid wives even in urban
areas of the country like Lagos. It is so although many children die of diseases
like measles, chickenpox malaria due to lack of quality medical services.

Report of a recent poll conducted by a foreign nongovernmental organisation
{NGO] 'Save The Children' revealed that only about 21 per cent of Nigerians have
access to health insurance scheme. The report also said one in five children in
Nigeria die before their fifth birthday. And that nearly two million children
have lost one or both parents to an AIDS-related disease.

Benefits

But guidelines on the NHIS listed benefits in the scheme as prescription of
drugs, pharmaceutical care and diagnostic tests as contained in the National
Essential Drugs List and Diagnostic Test for the workers and their families;
provision of maternity care for up to four (4) live births for every insured
contributor/couple in the Formal Sector Programme; Provision of Preventive care,
including immunization, as it applies in the National Programme on Immunisation,
health education, family planning, antenatal and post-natal care among others.

These benefits go to participants in the scheme on payment of a token but
despite this, many Nigerians are still alienated from the scheme. They rather
patronise quacks and road side drug vendors and native medicine men and women.

Last year, the scheme managers said by December 2015, they would ensure that all
Nigerians register with the scheme. How they hope to achieve this target is
still a question yet to be answered because from responses gathered by THISDAY
from Lagosians on their readiness to key into the scheme this year, it is
glaring that many have not changed their attitude to the scheme.

Also enquiries from the NHIS office on how they hope to achieve this since we
are already in the first half of the year elicited no answer as all the mails
sent to the scheme managers in this regard were not responded to.

However, recent reports said the NHIS with funds from the Millennium Development
Goals (MDGs) office has put up to 600,000 pregnant women and children under five
in six states on health insurance as well as start in six other states with
funds from the Debt Relief Gain (DRG).

The project, which has enlisted over 300,000 vulnerable women and children, has
been ongoing in Gombe for the North East, Sokoto for North West, Niger (North
Central), Oyo (South West), Bayelsa (South South), and Imo (South East).

Effort of the scheme managers in this regard was confirmed by an insurance
expert and Managing Director of Risk Guard Africa Mr Yemi Soladoye.

Soladoye who is an expert in development of grass root and retail insurance in
Nigeria said though the figure of Nigerians who have keyed into the scheme may
seem low, the scheme managers are not performing badly.

According to him, his thorough study of plans and activities of the scheme
manager's shows that they know and understand where they are going and what they
are doing. He said they have good structure on ground.

He however said what the scheme managers need to do to ensure that many more
Nigerians key into the scheme is to push for the review and amendment of the act
that set up the scheme which he said is weak in content and could not compel
Nigerians to key into the scheme. According to him, the use of the word "may" in
place of shall or must in the act establishing the scheme has created a loop
hole for Nigerian employers and the employees to escape from keying into the
scheme.

He also advised the managers to seek for collaboration with the National
Insurance Commission and insurance companies in order to use the branch net work
and marketing system of insurers to market the scheme to Nigerians.

Also, life insurance expert and Managing Director of African Alliance Insurance
Mr -Alphonse Okpor who spoke to THISDAY on the scheme said though the schemes is
not meant for conventional insurers but that it is a good one for Nigerians
therefore worth patronising. He also said there is insurance element in the
scheme adding that the managers should liaise with relevant insurance
authorities to make Nigerians key into the scheme.

Giving reasons for non patronage of the scheme by many Nigerians, the former
executive secretary of NHIS Dr. Dogo Mohammed in one of his public presentations
on non patronage of the scheme by Nigerians explained: "The first challenge is
the Act, which has a lot of inadequacies and until the right amendments are
done, we will not be able to have a very strong legal document to operate."

According to him, the Act establishing the NHIS makes social insurance optional.

"From experience, quite a number of potential participants are not
participating. Because it is not mandatory you find out that despite our
advocacy to states and local government areas (LGAs), they are not doing
anything about joining the scheme. And the only way we can make it mandatory is
to amend the Act, he stated.

The Act

Continuing, he said: "Since 2006, attempts have been made to get this Act
changed. The name of NHIS will change because we have realised that the Act gave
the scheme a very difficult name to operate.

The problems of the scheme

On the problem of the scheme, he said: "If we want the NHIS to regulate all the
various fields either in the social health insurance, or the private or
vulnerable groups, it cannot just be a scheme, it has to be an agency that is
going to look like an authority that can monitor various schemes in the country
that are to be established", the NHIS boss stated.

He also pointed out lack of public awareness,adding that no matter what you do,
there are some people that do not want to know.

According to him, they are dogmatic; their mindset is that they do not want to
know. Being contributory, some will say it is wrong to pay for it. There is this
lack of awareness. And to create awareness is a very expensive thing, not in
terms of money but even in human time, he observed.

On the other hand, observers have viewed that the NHIS scheme management have
contributed their own quota to the problem of the scheme .

According to them, the managers of the scheme are too conservative and are not
totally committed to creating the necessary awareness and collaborations with
relevant government agencies that will market the scheme achieve its objective.

For instance, over the year, the scheme managers have nt deemed it fit to liaise
with such agency like the National Insurance Commission to ensure that health
management offices participating in the scheme fulfill their I seance
obligation.

Shortly before his exit, Dr Sambo had lamented that only five percent of the
3000 medical centres that registered with the NHIS nationwide have professional
indemnity insurance cover. Professional indemnity insurance cover is protection
against the risks inherent in conducting business as a professional.

With professional indemnity cover, when claim is made, the professional notifies
the Insurer and pays any excess due under the Policy. From then on the insurer
conducts the claim on behalf of the professional, and pays all costs and
compensation that are appropriate, up to any limit that is specified in the
Policy. With this, the professional is freed from the stress the claim can
cause, knowing that the insurer has taken over all responsibility for it.

Against the backdrop of subscribers to NHIS not buying the professional
indemnity cover, The former NHIS boss just last year called for collaboration
with NAICOM to compel subscribers to the scheme meet all insurance requirement
in the scheme.

As a follow up to this,the management of NAICOM and that of the NHIS have mapped
out plans to set up a joint standing committee to enforce the mandatory
Healthcare Professional Indemnity Insurance in the country. How far they have
gone in setting up the committee before the exit of the former NHIS boss is yet
to be found out.

As the present commissioner for insurance Fola Daniel clears his office table
for retirement in August this year, one is in doubt what the fate of the NHIS
and the committee will be.

But Daniel had urged the NHIS to collaborate with his commission by ensuring
that all medical centres registered under it complies with this aspect of the
law relating to insurance. He suggested that the NHIS could make it a
precondition for the issuance of certificate of registration by the Scheme to
medical centres.

The scheme observers have opined that apparent degree of ineptitude of the
scheme managers may have been a contributory factor to the incessant changing of
the executive secretaries of the scheme by government.

For instance, in the past few years, the baton of leadership of the agency has
passed from Dr Dogo Mohammed, to Dr Femi Thomas who has just been replaced by
Mr. Olufemi Akingbade whose appointment was approved at twilight of the
administration of former president Goodluck Jonathan.

But Akingbade since his appointment has not made any public statement on how he
intends to pilot the affairs of the agency to realise the vision of government
and achieve the target of ensuring that greater number of Nigerians key into to
the scheme by December this year.

To the extent that even most health reporting journalists don't know his name
and identity. The NHIS was officially launched on June 6th 2005 and commenced
services in September 2005. Recent reprts said over 4 million identity cards
have been issued; over 62 HMOs have been accredited and registered. and over
5,949 Healthcare Providers, Banks, Insurance Companies and Insurance Brokers
have also been accredited and registered.

The reports said that list of states that have so far shown their interests are:
Rivers, FCT, Benue, among others.

Membership

Eligible membership of the scheme include employees of the public and organised
private sector employing ten (10) or more persons.

Contributions into the scheme are earnings-related. The employer pays 10 per
cent while the employee pays 5per cent, representing 15per cent of the
employee's basic salary. However, the employer may decide to pay the entire
contribution as additional cover to the benefit package.

Coverage

The contributions paid cover healthcare benefits for the employee, a spouse and
four (4) biological children below the age of 18 years. More dependants or a
child above the age of 18 would be covered on the payment of additional
contributions from the principal beneficiary. However children above 18 years
who are in tertiary institution will be covered under Tertiary Insurance Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 502 words


NCTA is run by and for the many voluntary and community transport providers
across the county. Its role is:

To be a collective voice for community transport providers;

To champion the sector and its vital contribution to local services;



To offer practical support to members;

To provide a forum for sharing knowledge and information and offering mutual
support;

To work with members to identify opportunities that will enable them to develop
and grow;

To facilitate ways that members can save time and money by buying goods and
services collectively;

Anyone interested in becoming a volunteer should contact NCTA on 01603
224267/07747 020369.

Contact details for groups:

5+ Good Neighbours Scheme - 07934 195724

Aldborough Village Care - 01263 761578

Ashill Village Aid - 01760 440820

Attleborough and Besthorpe Community Car Scheme - 01953 456194

Attleborough Day Centre - 01760 440837

Aylsham & District Care Trust - 01263 733385

Bawburgh Community Car Scheme - 01603 748741

Beccles and Bungay Area Community Transport - 01986 896896

Beckvale Commumnity Car Scheme - 01379 676743

Beetley Parish Council CCS - 01362 861112

Borderhoppa Diss & District CTA Ltd. (Borderhoppa) - 01379 854800

Braddenham Ada Tait Hospital Car Transport - 01362 822026

Burnham Market Area Community Car Scheme - 01485 525511

Carleton Rode and Tibenham Community Car Scheme - 01953 789595

Centre 81 - 01493 332253

Coltishall & Horstead Good Neighbour Scheme - 07799 277455

Community Rail Norfolk - 07707 223099

Dereham Town Council Community Car Scheme - 01362 693821

Edith Cavell Day Centre - 01508 578826

Fakenham Community Car Scheme - 01485 528456

Five Villages Community Car Scheme - 07767 063986

Great Massingham Area Community Car Scheme - 01485 520056

Gressenhall Community Car Scheme - 01362 860370

Heacham and District Community Car Scheme - 01485 534777

Heritage House - 01328 711333

Hingham, Deopham and Hackford Community Car Scheme - 01953 851590

Holt Area Caring Society - 01263 860560

Kickstart Norfolk - 01362 699923

Langham Community Car Service - 01328 830605

Litcham Parish Council Community Car Scheme - 01362 861112

Longham Community Car Scheme - 01362 687231

Ludham Village Car Scheme - 01692 678437

Middleton Community Car Scheme - 01553 842448

Mundford Community Car Scheme - 01842 878872

Nancy Oldfield Trust - 01692 630572

Norfolk & Suffolk 4x4 Response - info@4x4response.net;

Norfolk County CIC/ Norfolk Car Club - 01603 879422

North Norfolk Community Transport - 01692 500840

Norwich door to Door - 01603 776732

Potter Heigham Good Neighbour Scheme - 01692 670652

Royal Voluntary Service Community Transport Scheme - 01603 397998

Saham Toney Community Car Scheme - 01760 441738

Sporle Village Aid Scheme - 01760 722139

St Vincent de Paul Society - 01553 771806

Stoke Ferry Community Car Scheme - 01366 500704

Swaffham & Litcham Home Hospice Support Ltd - 01760 722937

Swanton Morley Parish Council - 01362 637166

Watton Community Car Scheme - 01953 884797

West Norfolk Community Transport - 01553 776971

West Winch Hospital Visiting Transport Service - 01553 840344

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 344

LENGTH: 737  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed. The
Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 344

LENGTH: 737  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed. The
Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 344

LENGTH: 737  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed. The
Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 344

LENGTH: 736  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 344

LENGTH: 736  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Commissioner sets up task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 344

LENGTH: 736  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed has constituted a task force
comprising the Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against those contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these directives while presiding over a meeting with the
Deputy Commissioners and heads of development department here at Ex-Zila Nazim
Secretariat, the other day.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah, the cent percent development grants have been released to all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near completion. In
the second phase, he informed that task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes up to December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

The Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner
that a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual
Development Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three
projects and another scheme of street road in Qasimabad is under completion. He
assured that these schemes will be completed in time.

The Deputy Commissioner pointed out that development schemes of the construction
of Qasimabad Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending due to
encroachments and objections from contractors, however, he assured that these
schemes will be completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent percent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes.

He further informed that 80 percent work of the development scheme of Akram Wah
has also be completed and the entire scheme will be completed up to January 20,
2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in Tando Allahyar is also in
full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time. The representative
of Small Dams Organization informed the meeting that out of three schemes of
construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been completed.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit of the completed scheme and submit a case report in this
direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under Annual Development Programme a number of development schemes are being
completed in different parts of Hyderabad Division which included 39 in
Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari district, 19 in Thatta district, 18in Dadu
district, 11 in Tando Allahyar district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13
in Tando Muhammad Khan district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro
district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to be finish up to December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining one will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while remaining one
will also be completed up to December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending due to no interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Commissioner Hyd forms task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 728  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed Monday constituted a task force
comprising  Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme (ADP) by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against  contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these  directives while presiding over a meeting with
the Deputy Commissioners and heads of development departments here at Ex-Zila
Nazim's Secretariat.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah,  cent per cent development grants have been released for  all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near  completion. In
the second phase he informed,  task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes by  December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner that
a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual Development
Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three projects and on
a scheme of street /road in Qasimabad. He assured that these schemes will be
completed in time.

The DC pointed out that development schemes of the construction of Qasimabad
Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending  due to encroachments and
objections from contractors. However, he assured that these schemes will be
completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent per cent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes. He further informed that 80 per cent work of the development
scheme of Akram Wah has also be completed and the entire scheme will be
completed by  January 20, 2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in
Tando Allahyar is also in full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under the first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time.

The representative of Small Dams Organisation informed the meeting that out of
three schemes of  construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been
completed and ready for execution.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit to  the completed scheme and submit a  case report in
this direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under ADP a number of development schemes are being completed in different parts
of Hyderabad Division which include 39 in Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari
district, 19 in Thatta district, 18 in Dadu district, 11 in Tando Allahyar
district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13 in Tando Muhammad Khan
district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to finish by December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining ones will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes  proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while the remaining
ones will also be completed by  December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending  due to non interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking  serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Commissioner Hyd forms task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 728  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed Monday constituted a task force
comprising  Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme (ADP) by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against  contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these  directives while presiding over a meeting with
the Deputy Commissioners and heads of development departments here at Ex-Zila
Nazim's Secretariat.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah,  cent per cent development grants have been released for  all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near  completion. In
the second phase he informed,  task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes by  December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner that
a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual Development
Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three projects and on
a scheme of street /road in Qasimabad. He assured that these schemes will be
completed in time.

The DC pointed out that development schemes of the construction of Qasimabad
Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending  due to encroachments and
objections from contractors. However, he assured that these schemes will be
completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent per cent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes. He further informed that 80 per cent work of the development
scheme of Akram Wah has also be completed and the entire scheme will be
completed by  January 20, 2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in
Tando Allahyar is also in full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under the first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time.

The representative of Small Dams Organisation informed the meeting that out of
three schemes of  construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been
completed and ready for execution.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit to  the completed scheme and submit a  case report in
this direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under ADP a number of development schemes are being completed in different parts
of Hyderabad Division which include 39 in Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari
district, 19 in Thatta district, 18 in Dadu district, 11 in Tando Allahyar
district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13 in Tando Muhammad Khan
district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to finish by December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining ones will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes  proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while the remaining
ones will also be completed by  December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending  due to non interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking  serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Commissioner Hyd forms task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 728  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed Monday constituted a task force
comprising  Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme (ADP) by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against  contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these  directives while presiding over a meeting with
the Deputy Commissioners and heads of development departments here at Ex-Zila
Nazim's Secretariat.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah,  cent per cent development grants have been released for  all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near  completion. In
the second phase he informed,  task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes by  December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner that
a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual Development
Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three projects and on
a scheme of street /road in Qasimabad. He assured that these schemes will be
completed in time.

The DC pointed out that development schemes of the construction of Qasimabad
Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending  due to encroachments and
objections from contractors. However, he assured that these schemes will be
completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent per cent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes. He further informed that 80 per cent work of the development
scheme of Akram Wah has also be completed and the entire scheme will be
completed by  January 20, 2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in
Tando Allahyar is also in full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under the first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time.

The representative of Small Dams Organisation informed the meeting that out of
three schemes of  construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been
completed and ready for execution.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit to  the completed scheme and submit a  case report in
this direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under ADP a number of development schemes are being completed in different parts
of Hyderabad Division which include 39 in Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari
district, 19 in Thatta district, 18 in Dadu district, 11 in Tando Allahyar
district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13 in Tando Muhammad Khan
district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to finish by December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining ones will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes  proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while the remaining
ones will also be completed by  December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending  due to non interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking  serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Commissioner Hyd forms task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 728  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed Monday constituted a task force
comprising  Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme (ADP) by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against  contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these  directives while presiding over a meeting with
the Deputy Commissioners and heads of development departments here at Ex-Zila
Nazim's Secretariat.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah,  cent per cent development grants have been released for  all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near  completion. In
the second phase he informed,  task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes by  December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner that
a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual Development
Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three projects and on
a scheme of street /road in Qasimabad. He assured that these schemes will be
completed in time.

The DC pointed out that development schemes of the construction of Qasimabad
Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending  due to encroachments and
objections from contractors. However, he assured that these schemes will be
completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent per cent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes. He further informed that 80 per cent work of the development
scheme of Akram Wah has also be completed and the entire scheme will be
completed by  January 20, 2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in
Tando Allahyar is also in full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under the first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time.

The representative of Small Dams Organisation informed the meeting that out of
three schemes of  construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been
completed and ready for execution.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit to  the completed scheme and submit a  case report in
this direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under ADP a number of development schemes are being completed in different parts
of Hyderabad Division which include 39 in Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari
district, 19 in Thatta district, 18 in Dadu district, 11 in Tando Allahyar
district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13 in Tando Muhammad Khan
district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to finish by December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining ones will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes  proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while the remaining
ones will also be completed by  December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending  due to non interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking  serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Commissioner Hyd forms task force to ensure completion of dev schemes

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 728  words


Commissioner Hyderabad Jamal Mustafa Syed Monday constituted a task force
comprising  Deputy Commissioners of all districts of Hyderabad Division and
asked them to ensure the completion of development schemes of the first phase of
Annual Development Programme (ADP) by December 31, 2013.

The task force should not compromise on quality of works and initiate strict
action against  contractors who failed to complete the development schemes
within time and use substandard materials in projects, he directed.

The Commissioner issued these  directives while presiding over a meeting with
the Deputy Commissioners and heads of development departments here at Ex-Zila
Nazim's Secretariat.

The Commissioner informed that on the directives of Sindh Chief Minister Syed
Qaim ali Shah,  cent per cent development grants have been released for  all
those development schemes of Hyderabad Division which are near  completion. In
the second phase he informed,  task has been given to complete the remaining
development schemes up to March 2014.

He asked the members of the task force to conduct surprise visits to the sites
of development schemes and recommended action against those contractors who
failed to complete the schemes by  December 31, 2013 or used substandard
material in the development schemes.

Deputy Commissioner Hyderabad Muhammad Nawaz Soho informed the Commissioner that
a number of development schemes are being carried out under Annual Development
Programme, of which 90 percent work has been completed on three projects and on
a scheme of street /road in Qasimabad. He assured that these schemes will be
completed in time.

The DC pointed out that development schemes of the construction of Qasimabad
Main Road and Phase-I Drainage Schemes were in pending  due to encroachments and
objections from contractors. However, he assured that these schemes will be
completed within four months time.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Kotri Barrage informed the Commissioner
that cent per cent patch work of K.B. and Pitchari Feeders has been completed,
however, the department has still not received the funds for the last phase of
these schemes. He further informed that 80 per cent work of the development
scheme of Akram Wah has also be completed and the entire scheme will be
completed by  January 20, 2014. The work on completion of drainage scheme in
Tando Allahyar is also in full swing, he added.

The representative of the Chief Engineer Sukkur Barrage informed the
Commissioner that under the first phase of the Annual Development Programme, two
development schemes will be completed in the allotted time.

The representative of Small Dams Organisation informed the meeting that out of
three schemes of  construction of small dams in Dadu district, one has been
completed and ready for execution.

The Commissioner asked the Deputy Commissioners Dadu and Jamshoro districts to
undertake a joint visit to  the completed scheme and submit a  case report in
this direction at the earliest.

The Executive Engineer Works and Services Department informed the meeting that
under ADP a number of development schemes are being completed in different parts
of Hyderabad Division which include 39 in Hyderabad district, 18 in Matiari
district, 19 in Thatta district, 18 in Dadu district, 11 in Tando Allahyar
district, 20 in Shaheed Benazirabad district, 13 in Tando Muhammad Khan
district, 16 in Badin district and 18 in Jamshoro district.

He informed that though funds have been released for completion of the first
phase of these schemes, however, due to high number of development schemes, the
work could be possible to finish by December 31, 2013.

The officer of Roads Department informed the meeting that two schemes of the
department have been completed and out of 27 schemes, 20 have so far been
completed while the remaining ones will be completed in the second phase of the
programme.

He informed that out of 10 development schemes  proposed by the district
administration in Nawabshah Town, four have been completed while the remaining
ones will also be completed by  December 31, 2013.

He informed that two schemes are pending  due to non interest by Public Health
Engineering Department. The Commissioner while taking  serious notice of this,
asked the Deputy Commissioner Shaheed Benazirabad district to personally visit
the Nawabshah Town and review the situation.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Court rules alleged liberation schemes are occupational

LENGTH: 503  words


A judge has ruled that nine schemes linked to police raids carried out earlier
this year in relation to pension 'liberation' allegations meet the statutory
definition of occupational pension schemes, which means The Pensions Regulator
has power to investigate and appoint independent trustees.

In July, the High Court was asked to clarify the legal status of a number of
schemes linked to high profile police raids carried out in May targeting
suspected 'pension liberation' schemes.

In the wake of the raids, The Pensions Regulator appointed Dalriada Trustees Ltd
as independent trustee to assume responsibility for the day-to-day management of
a number of pension schemes that were alleged to be involved in pension
unlocking activities.

The regulator, alongside Dalraida, subsequently launched a series of legal
actions relating to the activities of the schemes, including one in relation to
£18m worth of apparently unauthorised loans that were to be made to
recently-transferred scheme members.

Today's (21 October) ruling was followed a hearing on the "critical question" of
whether the nine schemes in question should be treated as occupational pensions
in order to assist trustees in determining how those schemes should be
administered as well as to assess whether the appointments as trustees by the
Pensions Regulator were valid.

Dalraida Trustees and Pi Consulting Trustee Services Ltd were appointed by the
court to present arguments in favour of the schemes being occupational pension
schemes. The Pensions Regulator was ordered to give the opposing argument.

The schemes under scrutiny in these proceedings are believed to have some 450
members with original transferred funds amounting to a sum in excess of £15m.
Pending the progress of police enquiries no further contributions or
transfers-in are being accepted and no payments are being made to members of the
schemes.

The schemes involved are: Ironstream; Chappell Crest Retirement Benefits Scheme;
Herman and Peters Retirement Scheme; Gary Peak Retirement Benefits Scheme;
Talton Management Ltd Pension Trust; Strator Services Ltd Pension Trust; Rotinar
Ltd. Pensions Trust and Fairdon Services Ltd Pension Trust.

Parties involved in the case say that the decision to treat the schemes as
occupational pension schemes is significant as it clarifies the powers The
Pensions Regulator can use in relation to such schemes.

Katharine Davies, a partner at Pinsent Masons, which put together the legal case
on behalf of Dalriada, said: "These proceedings have been of huge interest to
trustees and the wider pensions industry, and the decision helpfully clarifies
this important issue.

"While clearly not condoning pension liberation, the Court has clearly
recognised that the schemes involved are occupational, which by implication
affirms the Pensions Regulator's capacity to appoint independent trustees to
oversee dubious schemes.

"It is surprising that it has taken some time for this definition (from the
Pension Schemes Act 1993) to be tested in this way."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday

Fund houses go slow on merging schemes over policy woes

BYLINE: Ashley Coutinho

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Fund houses seem to be going slow on merging schemes this year as they adopt a
wait-and-watch approach amid an uncertain regulatory environment.

While fund houses merged 46 schemes in calendar year 2011, just six schemes have
been merged during the first six months of 2012. The total number of schemes
existing at present (excluding FMPs) is 1,328. According to experts, several
fund houses have eliminated most of the sectoral themes they thought were not
working in 2011 and are now going slow on merging schemes in an uncertain
regulatory environment. Most of the schemes merged so far are equity schemes
with sectoral themes.

The complexity and logistics of merging schemes - including informing investors
about the merger, giving them a specified exit period and changing the name of
the scheme - is also proving to be a deterrent at a time when most fund houses
are looking to cut costs. What's more, the transfer of equity assets from one
scheme to another leads to a securities transaction tax, which has to be paid by
the fund house. The current rate of STT charged for mutual funds is 0.25% of the
transaction value.

"It (merging schemes) is not an easy process for the manufacturer. A lot of fund
houses don't want to upset the applecart and will look to merge as few schemes
as possible," said Akshay Gupta, managing director and CEO, Peerless MF.

In 2010, market regulator Sebi had brought out guidelines for merger of schemes
and had asked fund houses to merge schemes with similar mandates as too many
schemes could confuse investors. Although the overall objective of merging
schemes is overseen by the market regulator, experts believe investors need to
be aware that such mergers may not always happen for the right reason.

"Schemes may be merged if the AUM is not adequate enough to run it profitably,"
said the CEO. "The merger could be a tactic to boost the performance of
underperforming schemes," said Dhruva Chatterji, senior research analyst,
Morningstar India. "The fund house needs to provide a good rationale and
adequate disclosures before merging schemes," he said.

Schemes are merged when the investment and portfolio objectives converge by up
to 80%. However, there have been instances when schemes that were merged were
not exactly similar. For example, the merger of Franklin FMCG Fund and Franklin
Pharma Fund with Franklin India Prima Plus in September 2011 indicates funds
with different themes.

Merging schemes is a good way to cut the clutter, say experts.

Fund houses had rushed to launch new fund offers in 2007 and 2008, when the
secondary market was on a roll. As many as 322 NFOs were launched in 2007 and
another 307 were launched in 2008. That number has subsequently been declining -
137 in 2009, 116 in 2010, 123 in 2011 and 68 in the first half of 2012 - as the
market regulator tightened norms governing new offers.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

For better infra, AMC plans 44 TP schemes in new areas;
Work on 10 TP schemes has been initiated; civic body aims to complete all
schemes in 3 years

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 421  words


The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has taken a step further to provide
basic infrastructure in the new areas. To make this happen, AMC plans to prepare
44 new town panning (TP) schemes in different areas of Ahmedabad in next three
years. The work on 10 TP schemes has already started.

The town planning and estate management committee of AMC passed a proposal in
the meeting held on Friday to submit a proposal of preparing 10 TP schemes, to
the chief town planner of the state. In the first phase, the civic body plans to
prepare 14 TP schemes, of which measurement of four TP schemes has already been
complemented. The process for five TP schemes is going on and preparation for
one has already been initiated.

Earlier, TP scheme no. 65 - Tragad-Jagatpur-Chenpur- Ranip-Chandlodia - was to
be prepared by the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA). However, this
will now be prepared by the AMC. The civic body has completed measurement
process for TP schemes in Makarba, Chandkheda, Vejalpur-Gyaspur and Ramol.
Moreover, the process for measurement of TP schemes in areas such as Sarkhej,
Maktampura-Gyaspur, Jagatpur and Vastral is going on.

AMC also wants to cover other five areas: Vejalpur-Shahvadi-Gyaspur-Maktampur,
Sarkhej-Okaf-Fatehvadi and Naroda under TP schemes in the first phase of
planning. The next phase will cover areas such as Bhadaj, Shilaj, Bakrol, Kamod,
Piplaj, Vanjhar, Lambha, Aslali, Vinzol, Vastral, Bilasiya, Sola, Bhadaj and
Hebatpur to name a few.

Devchand Patel, chairman of AMC&apos;s town planning and estate management
committee, said some of the areas were left out while preparing TP schemes and
that needs to be covered for getting road access and providing basic amenities
to people. "We have proposed to the chief town planner to grant permission to
prepare 10 TP schemes," said Patel.

Meanwhile, the committee postponed the decision on providing consultation to the
town planner for four TP schemes - TP scheme no. 56 (Sola-Ognaj), TP scheme no.
111 (Nikol-Kathwada), TP scheme no. 76 (Hathijan-1) and TP scheme no. 103
(Nikol) - as the government has already approved drafts of these TP schemes.

The Congress had alleged favouritism in the revision of TP schemes. The
opposition has alleged the ruling party of benefiting the developers. "There is
a vast difference in area of reserve plots indicated in draft TP scheme and
revised TP scheme, which is why it should not be approved without having a
proper look into the matter," said Badruddin Shaikh, leader of opposition in
AMC.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes object to rise of nearly 25 percent in regulator's annual levy

BYLINE:  LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 728 words


The Council for Medical Schemes has increased the levy that schemes |must pay to
fund its activities by 24.8 percent, despite objections from medical scheme
representatives who pointed out that the increase was "excessive" and many times
the inflation rate.

Schemes will be expected to pay the first instalment of the levy, which is
ultimately funded by your contributions, this month.

The annual levy will increase from R18.29 to R22.83 per member per year. It is
used to fund the activities of the Council for Medical Schemes, which regulates
medical schemes and other roleplayers in the medical scheme industry.

Schemes were invited to comment on the increase when it was first published as a
proposed increase, some individual schemes and administrators, as well as the
body that represents a number of schemes and their administrators, the Board of
Healthcare Funders (BHF), objected to the increase.

The BHF pointed out that the increase was six times the inflation rate and would
make the pressure imposed by the council on schemes to contain their
non-healthcare |costs and their contribution increases "untenable".

The BHF says medical schemes are required to justify their |non-healthcare costs
when these exceed 10 percent of their annual budget and they are required to
justify their contribution increases when these are in excess of the inflation
rate plus three percent, while they have little control over 90 percent of their
budget, which funds your healthcare costs.

Momentum Medical Scheme Administrators said "it would seem unreasonable for the
Council for Medical Schemes to take issue with scheme increases being above the
consumer price index (CPI) when its own increase passed on to schemes annually
is three to four times the CPI rate".

Last year the increase in the levy was 11 percent.

The BHF also said the levy increase was much higher than that for which schemes
had budgeted - one scheme said it had budgeted for a five-percent increase.

REGISTRAR'S RESPONSE

In his replies to the schemes, however, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of
Medical Schemes, says the total cost of regulation of schemes amounts to 0.092
percent |of total contributions, and the increase in the levy will have an
insignificant effect on non-healthcare costs.

He says if the increase had been at CPI, the total cost of regulation would
amount to 0.081 percent of total contributions and so the higher increase has an
impact of only 0.011 percent of total contributions.

Gantsho says he agrees that increases should be limited to CPI unless they are
fully motivated and says the increase is fully motivated. If the levy was not
increased by 24.8 percent to fund the Council for Medical Schemes' increased
budget, the council would fail to execute its statutory mandate, he says.

In his motivation for an increase in the council's budget from R82.9 million to
R98.6 million (R11.9 million above inflation), Gantsho says the regulation of
schemes has become more complex over the past 10 years, requiring |the council
to undertake increasingly costly measures to ensure you are protected.

One of the reasons the council has used in its motivation for a high increase in
its budget is the increasingly litigious environment. The council says the
number of complaints it receives, the number of appeals its hears and the number
of court cases in which it is involved have increased over the years and this
has increased the legal costs and the burden on staff.

If it did not defend or take on these cases it would not be complying with
Medical Schemes Act or protecting you as a member, the council says.

The BHF, in its criticism of the levy increase, attacked the council's decision
to defend its position on the payment of claims for prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs). In a |High Court case, the BHF is challenging the council's decision |to
interpret a regulation requiring schemes to pay PMB claims in full to mean
schemes must pay whatever healthcare providers charge for PMB services.

The council's budget and motivation as well as the proposed increase in the levy
were sent to |Dr Aaron Motsoaledi, the Minister of Health, and parliament's
health portfolio committee. The health minister and Finance Minister Pravin
Gordhan are entitled in terms of the Council for Medical Schemes Levies Act to
state whether they concur with the levy and, if not, to recommend an
alternative.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes 'shifting higher costs on to members instead of containing them'

BYLINE:  LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 466 words


Medical schemes have not really tackled the issue of how to lower medical costs,
the Registrar of Medical Schemes told an industry conference this week.

The registrar, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, also told the Board of Healthcare Funders
conference that the level of reserves held by medical schemes as a percentage of
contribution income has declined over the past year.

Gantsho says the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2009, which
will be released next week, will reveal that the average reserves to
contribution income, or solvency level, of all schemes has declined from 36.6
percent in 2008 to 32.9 percent last year.

The average solvency level of open schemes (which must admit any person as a
member) has declined to 27.4 percent, from 29.8 percent in 2008.

Gantsho also says the number of schemes with a solvency ratio of less than the
legally required limit of 25 percent of contribution |income has increased
noticeably. He says schemes "are having difficulty keeping up with increased
claims costs - costs per average medical scheme beneficiary increased by 14.6
percent from 2008 to 2009".

Open schemes incurred significantly greater operating losses relative to
restricted schemes, he says.

Gantsho says the Council for Medical Schemes would like to |see schemes
implementing more cost-containment strategies to minimise the impact of
contribution |increases on you as a member.

He says schemes need to get more involved in certain aspects of healthcare
delivery, to set up individualised networks and negotiate with providers to
contain costs.

Gantsho says schemes have predominantly tried to compete by shifting costs on to
members and by trying to avoid members who are a high risk, rather than tackling
measures to contain costs.

The registrar says his office is still fighting to drive down non-healthcare
costs in bigger schemes that have economies of scale.

The Council for Medical Schemes is aware that some schemes design their options
to attract younger, healthier members, leaving older, sicker members no choice
but to |pay for more expensive options. Gantsho warned that to prevent this his
office "will scrutinise benefit options more closely before they |are approved".

Gantsho also told the conference that he plans to take legal action to prevent
certain restricted schemes or their affected employers from dumping older and
sicker members on to other schemes.

To improve the governance of medical schemes, Gantsho says, |his office plans to
address parliament on the need to reintroduce improved governance measures
incorporated in a 2008 Medical Schemes Amendment Bill that was never enacted.
The bill was withdrawn from parliament in 2008 to allow the Minister of Health
to reconsider it in light of the government's intention to introduce national
health insurance.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            November 12, 2007 Monday

Beware of the detail in generous final salary schemes

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 603 words


Defined-benefit pension schemes, also known as final salary schemes, are
salary-related occupational pension schemes, and their main advantages are the
guaranteed benefits they often provide, which make them very attractive to
employees.

They are very generous when compared to other pension savings plans as the
amount you will receive as an income when you retire can be calculated depending
on your length of service and your final salary.  They can also provide
additional benefits, which may include death in service, long-term sickness
cover, sometimes lower retirement ages and a spouse's pension, to name a few.

Other types of pensions, commonly known as defined-contribution pensions, simply
build up a fund during a working life, but there is no formula to calculate what
this will be worth on retirement; it will  entirely depend on the performance of
your investment funds and market conditions.

With this in mind final salary schemes are considered to be the Aston Martins of
the pensions world, so members of existing final salary schemes should thank
their lucky stars - and their employers!

However, as life expectancy has increased, final salary schemes are becoming
progressively more expensive for employers as they are paying for longer
retirements.

Some employers have chosen to close the salary-related scheme to new members or
new and existing employees by offering a new pension scheme if it becomes too
costly to continue.

Rentokil became the first in the FTSE 100 to announce plans to shut its scheme
to existing workers.  Debenhams, WH Smith and ITV are examples of other large
corporations that have followed suit, with more expected to join them.

Some final salary schemes have had bad press in recent years as some schemes
have experienced funding problems and large deficits where members have lost
some or all of their retirement benefits.

The Government has set up a Pensions Protection Fund in April 2005, which,
subject to available funding, pays some compensation to salary-related scheme
members.  However, the compensation can be lower than what the scheme would have
paid and is not guaranteed.

As an employer you may also be a trustee of the scheme.  Trustees (of any type
of pension arrangement) have legal obligations under the Trustees Act to review
the scheme regularly and ensure the scheme has enough funds to provide the full
entitlement to all the members, even if the scheme has been closed to new
members.  Many trustees of defined- benefit schemes are not fulfilling these
obligations.  If you are in doubt about  what these are, contact Langtons.

Those still fortunate enough still to have pension benefits in a salary-related
scheme are very privileged.  However, our message is -  do not rely on your
company alone to review this plan; check your annual summary funding statements
for the statutory and solvency funding as an indication to your scheme's
performance and sustainability.

The summary funding statement is a highly technical document so seek
professional advice to interpret it, if only for the reassurance that you are
still part of a well-funded scheme.  If this is not the case, you should be
aware of your options.

Contact your IFA and one who specialises in retirement pensions planning.

Langtons are a firm of independent financial advisers, with advisers located
throughout Somerset, Devon and  Cornwall. Readers are invited to contact
Langtons at Tiverton (01884 242424), St Austell (01726 74464), or local rate
0845 6120 244.  Initial consultations are with no charge or obligation.  E-mail:
enquiries@langtons.co.uk Visit our new website at www.langtons.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                January 27, 2015

National Pension Scheme Advances Beyond Two Decades

LENGTH: 1032 words


The national pension scheme operated by NSSA is now well past its second decade.
Its 20th anniversary was in October last year. Almost four months have passed
since then. The full value of the scheme, which started in October 1994, may
only be appreciated in another two decades when those who began contributing to
it as young men and women approach retirement.

After 40 years of contributions they will be able to expect a pension that
replaces more than 60 percent of their monthly insurable earnings.

That will be what those who will be 60 in another 20 years' time can expect, if
they have contributed to the national pension scheme for a full 40 years and
decide at that age to retire.

Should they decide at 60 years to continue working and contributing to the
scheme until they are 65 years old, they could expect a higher pension.

After 45 years' contributions, the pension's insurable earnings replacement rate
is expected to be 75 percent.

Those who began work at 18 years of age and retire at 65, after contributing to
the pension scheme continuously for 47 years, should be able to enjoy a pension
that replaces 79,7 percent of their last monthly insurable earnings.

The insurable earnings are the earnings on which an employee's contribution is
based. At present the employee contributes 3,5 percent of his or her insurable
earnings to the pension scheme. The employer pays the same amount.For those
earning $700 and below, their basic earnings are the same as their insurable
earnings. For those earning $700 and above, their insurable earnings are $700.

Their monthly contribution is 3,5 percent of $700 regardless of how much more
than that they earn.

That is because there is currently a maximum monthly insurable earnings ceiling
of $700 when it comes to the national pension scheme.

However, that ceiling is sure to be raised, if not removed, as time goes by.
Between May 2010 and May 2013 the maximum insurable earnings figure was $200. It
was raised to $700 in June 2013.

Those who look at the minimum retirement pension of $60 that most pensioners are
currently receiving from NSSA may be tempted to have their doubts about the
value of the scheme.

What needs to be appreciated is that the way the national pension scheme is
designed is such that as it grows older it replaces a higher proportion of a
pensioner's last insurable earnings.

The $60 minimum pension only reflects that the scheme is still relatively young.
The scheme is financed solely by pension contributions from members of the
scheme and their employers and from income earned by investing those funds.

The longer an employee contributes to the scheme and the higher his or her
insurable earnings are at retirement, the higher the proportion of those
insurable earnings the pension will be.

A new social security pension scheme only reaches maturity after it has been in
existence for a minimum of 40 years.

That was why Zimbabwe's national pension scheme's 20th anniversary was marked
with such excitement.

The scheme is half-way towards becoming a mature scheme which pays out pensions
that represent a substantial proportion of the pensioner's last insurable
earnings.

Already a substantial number of people in employment in Zimbabwe can look
forward to having contributed to the pension scheme for more than 40 years by
the time they reach pensionable age. They can expect a pension that replaces a
significant proportion of their insurable earnings.

School leavers beginning their first job can now, if they remain in formal
employment within Zimbabwe, expect to contribute to the national pension scheme
for their whole working life up to the age of 60 or 65.

They can expect a good pension that replaces a substantial amount of their
previous monthly insurable earnings.

Any school leaver who began work in the formal sector at any time over the past
20 years can likewise expect to have contributed to the national pension scheme
for their entire working lives by the time they retire, provided they have
remained in formal sector employment within Zimbabwe.

Those who joined the scheme when they were already too old to contribute to the
scheme for 40 years or more will be less fortunate.

The insurable earnings replacement rate applicable to the pensions of those who
contributed to the scheme for 20 years is 26,7 percent. The replacement rate is
less for those who had contributed for less than that when they retired.

However, the scheme had to start somewhere. Those who were young at the
inception of the scheme will receive the highest pensions by virtue of having
contributed for the longest period. This generally applies to future generations
of pensioners, as they are likely to join the scheme when they are first
employed.

As time goes by and more people are retiring after contributing to the national
pension scheme for longer, the value of the scheme will become increasingly more
apparent.

After 25 year contributions, which for those who have contributed to the scheme
since its inception, is only another five years, the expected insurable earnings
replacement rate will be more than 33 percent. After 30 years it will be 40
percent. After 35 years it will be 51,7 percent.

Those who have contributed for 40 years when they turn 60 may well consider
deferring their retirement to 65, since it would make the difference between a
pension that replaces 63,3 percent of their last insurable earnings and one
which, after 45 years of contributions, replaces 75 percent.

It is not possible, however, in terms of the current regulations, to extend the
contribution period beyond age 65.

At that age contributions should stop and the pension be claimed, whether or not
the person is still employed.

Talking Social Security is published weekly by the National Social Security
Authority as a public service. There is also a weekly radio programme on social
security, PaMheponeNssa/Emoyeni le NSSA, at 6.50 pm every Thursday on Radio
Zimbabwe and Friday on National FM. Readers can e-mail issues they would like
dealt with in this column to mail@mhpr.co.zw or text them to 0772-307913.

Those with individual queries should contact their local NSSA office or
telephone NSSA on (04) 706523 /5, 706545 /9, or 799030 /1.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Treasury's new rules 'will undermine medical schemes'

BYLINE:  Laura Du Preez

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 767 words


MEDICAL aid members were completely unaware how much medical schemes would be
undermined if regulations drafted by the National Treasury that outlined which
health insurance policies should continue were implemented, a conference heard
yesterday.

The draft laws demarcating the business of a health insurance policy from that
of a medical scheme were also beyond the law, Professor Alex van den Heever, the
chairman of social security systems administration and management at the Wits
School of Governance, told the Board of Healthcare Funders of Southern Africa
(BHF) conference in Durban.

Health policy regulations had been drafted by the Treasury under a provision in
the laws governing the insurance industry that bound it to observing the social
solidarity principles within medical schemes.

The Treasury is considering comments on the second draft of the demarcation
regulations under the short- and long-term insurance acts and says it hopes to
finalise them by November.

Van den Heever was "disgusted" by the public consultation process on the draft
regulations as the dangers of undermining medical schemes had not been pointed
out and there was "not a jot" of technical analysis behind the proposals. He
said health advocacy group Section 27 would challenge the regulations if they
were implemented.

The regulations should wait until after the Competition Commission's hearing
into the industry, he said.

Rather than providing for some health policies that did not undermine medical
schemes, the regulations would instead "destroy" the cross-subsidisations in
medical schemes.

Medical schemes provided social protection as open schemes were obliged to admit
anyone who applied to be a member, schemes were not allowed to charge according
to health status or age and all schemes must provide certain minimum benefits.
If the draft regulations were implemented, they would allow insurers to
circumvent these protections provided through medical aids.

The draft regulations propose that insurers be allowed to sell health insurance
policies known as hospital cash plans that pay up to R3 000 a day for each day
spent in hospital and gap cover policies that pay up to R50 000 when scheme
payments fall short of what doctors charge.

Van den Heever said the hospital cash plans would make it possible to design a
scheme with a deliberate gap in its cover by way of a deductible or co-payment
that could be filled by the insurance product paying this daily amount.

In this way, the health-care cover would effectively be risk-rated - that is,
the premiums are set in line with the age and health status of the member.

The young and healthy would be able to buy cheaper cover using insurance
products and within a few years the anti-selection in schemes would destroy the
way schemes pooled health risks. Risk cross-subsidisation in schemes ensures
that people have cover throughout their lives and it does not become too
expensive when they are old and/or sick.

The draft demarcation regulations, if implemented, would affect the open medical
scheme market more seriously than the restricted scheme market (schemes that
cater for employer or industry groups).

Hospital cash plans are being sold both as top-up health-care cover and to
low-income earners as a replacement for medical scheme cover that they cannot
afford. Cheaper medical scheme options typically start at over R900 a month for
a single member.

The high cost of medical scheme membership has been a constant theme at BHF
conferences, with the cost of providing the prescribed minimum benefits cited as
one of the main causes. In 2006, the medical scheme industry proposed a legal
framework for low-income medical schemes with reduced minimum benefits.

Van den Heever told the conference that the Department of Health undermined the
low-income medical schemes process because it believed it would break up medical
schemes' risk pools and stigmatised low-income earners.

However, the reduced package of benefits would be the best way to provide
health-care cover to low earners.

The BHF conference also heard that fraud committed by hospital cash plan
policyholders was costing medical schemes 10 times more than it cost the
insurers who sold these plans.

Policyholders who were also scheme members were getting admitted to hospital on
false pretences to claim the cash payouts on the policies, but their schemes
were left to foot the cost of the stay in hospital.

The insurers, which sell the policies with minimal underwriting, appealed
through the Association for Savings and Investment SA to schemes at the
conference to assist in combating the fraud.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Hosmed faces R350 000 penalty for not submitting information to regulator

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1099 words


Hosmed Medical Scheme is likely to pay a penalty of R350 000 for failing to
submit information to the Council for Medical Schemes after the North Gauteng
High Court dismissed its objections to a claim for the penalty.

The council imposed the penalty after Hosmed ran into administrative
difficulties in 2011 and failed to submit to the regulator updates on the
implementation of a business plan aimed at returning the scheme's reserves to
the level required by law.

Hosmed, three of its former trustees and the scheme's principal officer objected
to the penalty, and the council took its claim to court. Late last month, the
High Court dismissed the objection and awarded costs against the former trustees
and the principal officer.

Dawid van Zyl, Hosmed's principal officer, told Personal Finance that the scheme
failed to submit the information because of difficulties in compiling it after
Hosmed changed its administrator.

Hosmed moved its administration contract from Thebe Ya Bophelo to Allcare in
2004 and then back to Thebe Ya Bophelo in 2011.

Van Zyl says that, after the 2011 handover to Thebe, Hosmed discovered that
Allcare had problems with its administration system, which made it difficult for
Thebe to compile the scheme's financial statements, as well as the other
information required by the Council for Medical Schemes.

The council was made aware of this, and a penalty was not imposed for the
scheme's failure to submit its 2011 financial statements on time.

Van Zyl says that Hosmed is now liable to pay the penalty, but it will institute
a process to claim back the money from Allcare, because Allcare had a
contractual agreement with the scheme to provide it with the information.

He told Personal Finance that Hosmed had retained some monies owed to Allcare in
trust, which could be used to pay the penalty.

At the behest of the Registrar of Medical Schemes and the chief executive of the
council, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Hosmed was subject to a forensic investigation
that has resulted in claims being lodged against, in the main, individuals
associated with Allcare.

Hosmed is currently subject to an investigation - also at the behest of the
registrar - into the fitness and propriety of its trustees.

Low reserves

The origin of the court case dates back to 2010, when Hosmed was under the
administration of Allcare and the scheme's reserves as a percentage of its
contribution income, or its solvency ratio, were at nine percent, well below the
legally required 25 percent of reserves.

Hosmed submitted to the Council for Medical Schemes a business plan to return
the reserves to the required level. The council approved the business plan.

According to the High Court judgment, the council asked the scheme to submit
monthly management accounts, to indicate how Hosmed was performing relative to
the business plan, and asked the trustees to attend quarterly meetings with the
council.

The scheme did not comply with these requests, and in December 2011 the
regulator informed each trustee and the principal officer that they were liable
for penalties as a result of their non-compliance.

Hosmed, its former trustees - Solomon Sello Bodiba, Thomas Baloyi and Takalani
Kwinda - and Van Zyl objected to the claim.

According to the judgment, they said Hosmed had not been given proper notice of
the penalties, because only the former trustees and the principal officer had
been notified of them. But Judge CH Nicholls dismissed this, saying it is clear
from the Medical Schemes Act that notice to the principal officer amounts to
notice to the scheme.

The former trustees and Van Zyl also argued that the scheme is obliged to submit
a business plan only and cannot be directed to submit monthly management
accounts.

Judge Nicholls said the Registrar of Medical Schemes has the right to request
further information from schemes, and he could ask for monthly management
accounts in order to obtain further information about a scheme.

The former trustees and Van Zyl said the scheme could not be penalised for the
failure of its office-bearers to attend meetings.

But the judge said there was no merit in this objection, because the council's
claim was based primarily on the scheme's failure to provide further
information.

Judge Nicholls also dismissed an objection that only the trustees could be
liable for a failure to provide quarterly financial statements and not the
scheme or Van Zyl. He said the Medical Schemes Act makes it clear that any
liability of the trustees is that of the scheme and its principal officer.

"All the exceptions raised by the defendants are premised on applying artificial
separations between the scheme, the board of trustees and the principal
officers."

Judge Nicholls said the Act imposes certain obligations on medical schemes
through their trustees and principal officers.

"If these are not complied with timeously, the Act entitles the [council] to
impose daily penalties. This is presumably to enforce good governance and to
ensure that a scheme is encouraged to delay as little as possible in complying
with its obligations," he said.

'Valuable lesson'

Gantsho welcomed the judgment and said his office would enforce it.

"This is a welcome breakthrough in the long battle with schemes such as this
one, and the judgment will also serve as a valuable lesson and guidance to other
schemes that may be of the view that they can willy-nilly ignore the directives
issued by this office under the Medical Schemes Act," he says.

Van Zyl says that Hosmed's legal advisers are reviewing the judgment, because it
holds him, the three trustees and the scheme liable, without taking into account
the circumstantial evidence.

Although the judgment might not be in the interests of the medical scheme
industry, Hosmed will take legal advice on whether challenging the judgment will
be in the interest of its members, he says.

Van Zyl says that forensic auditors Ligwa Advisory Services had, at the
beginning of 2011, published a report into their investigation. As a result of
their findings, Hosmed instituted several civil claims, mainly against
individuals associated with Allcare. A criminal case was also registered.

Hosmed recovered R6.5 million plus interest from a service provider for a
loyalty programme that was deemed improper by the council, Van Zyl says.

In October this year, the registrar instituted an investigation to ascertain if
the trustees of the scheme are fit and proper.

Van Zyl says that Hosmed has raised its solvency ratio from nine percent in 2010
to 23.1 percent in November 2013, and it expects to reach the required 25
percent by the end of this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            November 21, 2011 Monday

Domestic workers welfare scheme in a limbo

LENGTH: 483 words

DATELINE: KOCHI


KOCHI, Nov. 21 -- At a time when there are increasing incidents of domestic
violence against household workers, a major scheme designed for the preservation
of their rights is yet to be implemented.

The Kerala Domestic Workers Welfare Scheme, which was launched with much hype
for providing relief to the domestic workers, is yet to materialise, with the
labour department concentrating more on the centrally-sponsored programmes.

The scheme initiated by the previous LDF government, has already earmarked an
amount of Rs 50 lakh for the purpose.

Additional Labour Commissioner V L Anil Kumar says that the scheme was put on
hold owing to pressure from the centre. "The Kerala Domestic Workers Welfare
Scheme is put on hold as we got an intimation from the centre to go on with the
schemes under the Social Security Act, 2008," he said. However, he added that
discussions are still going on regarding the scheme.

But, P K Gurudasan, former minister for labour pointed out the foolishness of
putting the scheme on hold, and moving ahead with the centrally sponsored
schemes, as it would take time to receive central assistance.

"Domestic workers is an underprivileged group. What they need is an immediate
relief. Time lag will only worsen the situation," Gurudasan said.

He urged the state government to go ahead with this scheme. By the time they
obtain the central aid, they can blend it with the other schemes, he added.

National Domestic Workers Movement Kerala region coordinator Sister Sally

said that, this scheme is first of its kind in the state,

exclusively for domestic workers.

Currently, the domestic workers are included under the Kerala Artisans and
Skilled Workers Welfare Scheme, which also includes labourers in the other
categories. But this scheme has very limited benefits.

"One of the major limitation is that, only those domestic workers who are under
the age of 49 comes under the purview the scheme.

"Because of this, most of the workers are not able to avail the benefits.

As far as our state is concerned, majority of domestic workers are above 49,
which makes the proposed scheme very helpful," she said. Under the Kerala
Domestic Workers Welfare Scheme, a person who is 60 years of age can also become
a member, she said.

Another benefit of the scheme is with regard to the pension scheme. In Kerala
Artisans and Skilled Workers Welfare Scheme, a member has to pay a premium of
'120 for about 10 years for availing pension.

But, if the Kerala Domestic Workers Welfare Scheme is implemented, a member
needs to pay only '50 for a year to get pension.

Under the new scheme, '75,000 is allotted for maternity and '5,000 as marriage
assistance for

girls and also for treatment facilities. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Q&A: Hutton pensions review

BYLINE: Jill Insleyguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 951 words

ABSTRACT

How the recommendations in the report on public sector pensions will work

FULL TEXT

What does Hutton recommend?

Ending "gold-plated" final salary schemes, which link pension payments to
salaries at retirement. Instead they will be linked to career averages, reducing
payments overall. The normal pension age will rise to meet the state pension age
of 65 (for men and women by 2018). Ministers have already announced increases in
contributions of 3% from next year and a switch in the rate at which interest is
calculated from the retail price index to the less generous consumer price
index.

Who is affected?

Six million state employees.

Why is the government doing this?

Ministers say the current system is unaffordable and that the public thinks it
unfair that taxpayers subsidise generous pensions. The cost of paying public
sector pensions will hit £30bn in the next year. Unions say that in some cases
the pension schemes are getting cheaper and the changes are merely a tax on
state employees to meet the deficit.

Are public sector pensions really "gold-plated"?

Hutton emphatically says no, warning against changes to state pensions becoming
a race to the bottom. Average local government pensions are £4,000 for men,
£2,800 for women.

What happens next?

Ministers will meet unions next week and the Trades Union Congress will consider
a timetable for action soon after. The government must tread a careful line: if
the new pension system is too punitive people will opt out, storing up a welfare
timebomb for the future.

When does this all happen?

The review suggests it should be possible to introduce the schemes before the
end of this parliament.

Which pension schemes are under consideration?

The principal civil service pension scheme and its equivalent in Northern
Ireland; the armed forces pension scheme; the NHS pension scheme; the NHS
superannuation scheme in Scotland; the health and personal social services
Northern Ireland superannuation scheme; the teachers' pension scheme in England
and Wales, the Scottish teachers' superannuation scheme and the Northern Ireland
teachers' superannuation scheme, the local government pension scheme in England
and Wales, and its equivalents in Scotland and Northern Ireland; the police
pension scheme, the firefighters' pension scheme, and the UK atomic energy
authority pension schemes, the judicial pensions scheme, the Department for
International Development's overseas superannuation scheme, the research
council's pension schemes and some smaller schemes.

Will the changes affect the pension I have already accrued?

No, any pension already built up will still be linked to your final salary. But
future pensions rights will accrue in a new career average pension scheme.

This means the effect will be limited for those who are near retirement already,
while those who have longer to work will have more time to prepare, Hutton says.

What is a career average pension scheme?

It is still based on the number of years you work in your public sector job, but
it guarantees to pay you a retirement income linked to your average pay over
that time rather than the last salary.

The Pensions Policy Institute says this is not as bad as it sounds for most
employees: "Pensions in the public sector are likely to become fairer because
high fliers with fast pay progression will no longer benefit disproportionately
from the schemes over employees with slower pay progression."

The Hutton review says high flyers can receive up to twice as much pension
payment per £100 of contributions.

Career average schemes remove the unfairness that arises in a final salary
scheme between members who remain in the scheme for a full career, and those who
leave early.

Will everyone in the public sector retire at the age of 65?

No, but everyone will be affected by a rise in the normal pension age. In most
cases this will be linked to the state pension age. But members of the police ,
armed forces and fire service who can currently take their pension earlier will
see their pension age rise to 60.

However Hutton has recommended that people should be given the choice of drawing
their pension benefits earlier or later than the normal pension age. Their
pension would be adjusted accordingly.

Why link the normal pension age to the state pension age?

Hutton says linking the normal pension age to the state pension age in most
cases will deal with the effects of increasing longevity. The government plans
to raise the state pension age to 66 by 2020.

I've already been told I can only draw my pension at 65. Why?

Many schemes have already raised the normal pension age to 65 for new entrants
in an attempt to control costs.

Doesn't this mean I'm as badly off as those working in the private sector now?

No. Most private sector employers offer money purchase or defined contributions
schemes (if they offer anything at all). The returns from these schemes are not
guaranteed, and all the risk of how their pension performs and whether it
produces a decent income is carried by the employee.

With a career average scheme, the returns are guaranteed, and the risk is
carried by the government.

I'm still not happy with the pension I'm likely to retire with. What can I do?

You may be able to pay extra contributions into your public sector scheme, or
pay money into a private pension, up to total pension contributions of £50,000
(including those to the public sector scheme) from 6 April.

What happens if I quit my public sector job?

Hutton says the government must decide whether your accrued pension rights
should grow in line with earnings or prices: the decision will have an effect on
recruitment and retention of staff, and whether employees are willing to switch
into the private sector.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             January 9, 2011 Sunday

QXM's Board Authorizes the Scheme of Arrangement Proposed by XING to be put
Forward by the Company to its Minority Shareholders for Their Consideration

LENGTH: 796  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 09 -- Qiao Xing Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. (NYSE: QXM) (the
"Company" or "QXM"), a manufacturer of mobile handsets in the People's Republic
of China, today announced that, at a meeting of QXM's board of directors (the
"Board") held on 31 December 2010, the Board authorized that a Scheme of
Arrangement (the "Scheme"), proposed by QXM's parent company, Qiao Xing
Universal Resources, Inc. ("XING"), pursuant to which XING would acquire all of
the outstanding ordinary shares of QXM other than those shares held by XING (the
"Minority Shares") in exchange for 1.9 shares of XING's common stock plus
US$0.80 in cash for each Minority Share (the "Scheme Consideration"), be put
forward by the Company to the holders of the Minority Shares (the "Minority
Shareholders") for their consideration.

In connection with this authorization, the Board discussed, among other things,
the following:

* The Board had previously appointed a special committee (the "Special
Committee"), consisting of two independent directors to, among other things, (i)
determine whether the Scheme is advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and whether the Scheme is fair and equitable to the Minority
Shareholders and (ii) recommend to the Board whether they should approve or
reject the Scheme and recommend to the Directors what actions, if any, should be
taken by the Company with respect to the Scheme, including whether the Directors
should recommend approval of the Scheme by the Company's shareholders.

* The Special Committee retained an investment banking firm (the "IB Firm") to
make a determination with respect to the fairness of the Scheme Consideration,
from a financial point of view, to the Minority Shareholders. The IB Firm has
informed the Special Committee that it is not in a position to render to the
Special Committee an opinion as to whether or not the Scheme Consideration to be
received by Minority Shareholders pursuant to the Scheme is fair, from a
financial point of view, to such Minority Shareholders and the Special Committee
has not, to date, retained a replacement investment banking firm. Because the
Special Committee has not received a fairness opinion from a professional
financial advisor with respect to the Scheme Consideration, the Special
Committee has not made any determination with respect to whether the Scheme is
advisable and in the best interests of the Company and/or fair and equitable to
the Minority Shareholders.

* In light of the foregoing, the members of the Board (i) participated in the
meeting for the sole purpose of determining whether the Scheme should be put
forward by the Company to its Minority Shareholders for their consideration, and
(ii) did not make any resolution in respect of the merits of the Scheme
(including (without limitation) the Scheme Consideration), or make any
recommendation to the Minority Shareholders as to whether they should vote for
or against the Scheme. Each of the Independent Directors confirmed that they did
not disapprove or approve of the Scheme.

* The Scheme has built into it a number of checks and balances, namely (i) it
has to be approved by the requisite majorities of Minority Shareholders under
that BVI Business Companies Act, 2004, as amended, being a majority in number
representing not less than 75% in value of the Minority Shareholders who attend
and vote at the meeting to sanction the Scheme; (ii) XING will not vote on the
Scheme, so the approval represents the view of the Minority Shareholders only,
and the Scheme cannot be forced upon them by XING; and (iii) the Scheme will
still require the sanction of the High Court in the British Virgin Islands.

* A failure to allow the Scheme to be put before the Minority Shareholders for
their consideration could be considered as detrimental to the Minority
Shareholders and, in light of the checks and balances referred to above, it
seemed appropriate for the Board to provide the Minority Shareholders with the
opportunity to consider the Scheme.

About Qiao Xing Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.

Qiao Xing Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. is a domestic manufacturer of mobile
handsets in China. The Company manufactures and sells mobile handsets based
primarily on the GSM, TD-SCDMA, and WCDMA technologies. It operates its business
primarily through CEC Telecom Co., Ltd., its 96.6%-owned subsidiary in China.
Through its manufacturing facility in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, China, and
two research and development centers in Huizhou and Beijing, the Company
develops, produces and markets a wide range of mobile handsets. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 20, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Outgoing curator of Pro Sano is confident its finances are secure

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 738 words


The Cape High Court has lifted the curatorship of Pro Sano Medical Scheme, and a
new board of trustees has been put in place.

At the same time, a smaller scheme, Protea Medical Aid Scheme, has been put
under curatorship as a result of governance and financial problems.

The High Court put Pro Sano under curatorship in March 2007 |following an
application by the |Registrar of Medical Schemes, who said the scheme had
"serious governance failures".

Measures have been put in place to prevent a repeat of the problems and to
ensure that the scheme stays financially healthy, Joe Seoloane, the outgoing
curator, says.

Six trustees have been elected by members, and three professional trustees will
be co-opted onto the board. The Electoral Institute of South Africa screened the
trustees.

Now the scheme needs to grow its membership and attract young and healthy
members, Seoloane says.

Pro Sano has a particularly high pensioner ratio: 11.9 percent at the end of
last year as opposed to an average of 6.5 percent for all schemes, according to
the Council for Medical Schemes annual report for 2009/10. This is the reason
for the scheme continuing to make an operating loss. Last year, Pro Sano
collected R783 million in contributions and made an operating loss of R108
million.

However, the scheme's reserves (28.1 percent at the end of last year) are still
above the 25 percent required by law. Its solvency ratio at the end of 2006 was
37.5 percent.

Membership at the end of last year was 31 580, down from 36 600 at the end of
2006, but up from the membership lows in 2007.

Seoloane says that about 13 000 new members have been signed up during his
curatorship, but they have replaced members lost to the Government Employees
Medical Scheme and as a result of the curatorship. He says Pro Sano has not
targeted larger corporate memberships while under curatorship.

non-healthcare costs

Seoloane says the scheme's non-healthcare costs have been reduced to one of the
lowest among medical schemes. He expects that they will be about 10 percent for
this year, down from about 18 percent in |2007, when the former board |was
embroiled in a lengthy, expensive legal wrangle over the termination of a
contract with former administrator Medscheme.

In July this year the scheme took over its own administration from Sigma Health
Fund Managers, which is jointly owned by Pro Sano and Medscheme. The scheme had
shares in Sigma in contravention of the Medical Schemes Act. Sigma will now be
wound down.

Seoloane expects self-administration to reduce the scheme's non-healthcare costs
further from next year after it recoups the costs of setting up its own
administrator.

Seoloane has also appointed clinical experts and the scheme has developed a
number of managed care practices to save costs. An HIV/Aids programme has been
set up, oncology protocols developed, pre-authorisation measures implemented and
benefits structured to ensure that members are referred to specialists by
general practitioners.

A mismatch between the scheme's contributions and benefits has been addressed,
and all these measures should result in the scheme breaking even this year and
achieving a marginal surplus next year, Seoloane says.

To prevent problems with the trustees of the scheme, Pro Sano's rules have been
amended in |accordance with best practice, the King III corporate governance
measures and the Council for Medical Schemes's revised model rules, Seoloane
says.

The rules now also demarcate the executive and oversight roles of the trustees,
which should prevent the trustees from becoming involved in the daily operations
of the scheme in the way the former board did, |he says.

No action has been taken against the former trustees, but they have been
excluded from participating in the affairs of the scheme.

SCHEME UNDER CURATORSHIP

Protea Medical Aid Scheme has been placed under curatorship, according to a
statement from the Council for Medical Schemes, after an inspection into
Protea's affairs uncovered allegations of financial and governance
irregularities.

Velaphi Petsana, the former principal officer of Hosmed, has been appointed
curator.

At the end of 2009, Protea had more than 7 000 beneficiaries and a solvency
ratio of 19 percent.

Protea's administrator, Universal Healthcare Administrators, said that it and
Petsana had agreed to consolidate the scheme's administration service in
Johannesburg, which will improve efficiencies and rein in expenses.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           October 5, 1996, Saturday

How hard does your company pension work?

BYLINE: Caroline Merrell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 674 words


Employees may not get the benefits they bargain for, says Caroline Merrell. All
company pensions are not alike. A report published this week by Union Pension
Services, a pension specialist, uncovered huge differences between the benefits
provided by 200 major company final salary-type pension schemes. Final salary
schemes, which have their origins in Victorian public sector pension funds,
provide pensions linked to earnings.

The 200 schemes were compared to a hypothetical scheme constructed by UPS. Only
a fraction made the grade. Bryn Davies, an actuary with Union Pension Services,
said: "We did not make the target pension a perfect scheme. We just tried to
make it what we feel to be fair."

UPS took into account a number of criteria. When comparing final salary schemes
it is important to look at how the benefits accrue. Each year of service will
buy a proportion of pension equal to a fraction of the final salary.

For instance, under many schemes one year of employment will buy a pension
equivalent to 160 of the final salary. Hence, 40 years of service will provide
the maximum pension allowable under present Inland Revenue rules - two thirds of
final salary.

Retirement age is another criterion. Some schemes allow members to retire early
without any reduction in benefits, while others will considerably reduce the
pension.

One final aspect of company pension schemes which can be compared is the basis
on which contributions and benefits are assessed. The pension should be linked
to gross pay, including overtime. Differences will also occur in the levels of
contributions made by employers and employees.

The target scheme against which all the other schemes were measured in the
survey assumed automatic scheme membership with a minimum age of 18. The final
pension is based on gross salary, and the retirement age is set at 60. Each year
of service with this company will buy pensions benefits worth 160 of final
salary.

The pension increases in line with the retail price index (RPI), and offers
death in service benefit of four times the gross pension. Perhaps the most
generous benefit offered by the model scheme is the spouse's pension - if the
member dies, then the spouse will receive two thirds of the pension, based on
the size of pension before the tax-free lump sum has been taken out.

The survey compared the 200 schemes against this model, coming up with a
percentage figure about how they performed.

Only 14 schemes had equivalent or better benefits than the model scheme. The
best schemes were offered by BP, Woolwich, Reckitt & Colman, Whitbread, Hoover,
Halifax, Granada and Nationwide.

Of the 200 schemes surveyed, 37 offered benefits which were at least 90 per cent
equivalent to the model scheme. This group included those offered by Boots, ICI,
Bradford & Bingley, Wimpey and Norwich Union.

Among the worst schemes were those offered by John Menzies, Forte, Rentokil,
Rank Organisation and Express Newspapers.

For example, the John Menzies scheme was deemed to offer benefits that were only
a third as good as the model scheme. Each year of service under the John Menzies
scheme buys a pension which is only equivalent to 1100 of final salary.

Union Pension Services can be contacted on 0171 737 0682. The full survey costs
Pounds 295.

TOP RUNNERS

Table shows how some of the UK's biggest pension schemes match a hypothetical
model scheme.

TOP 15

Parliamentary Con Fund 126% BP Scheme 111%

Woolwich 104%

Reckitt & Coleman 104%

Nationwide 104%

Hydro-Electric Scheme 104%

TSB 102%

Johnson Matthey 102%

Granada 102%

National&Provincial 102%

Glynwed 101%

Whitbread 100%

Hoover 100%

Halifax 100%

General Accident 99%

BOTTOM 15

Rentokil 53%

BPC Plan 52%

United Glass 52%

Water Scheme 51%

BASF 42%

Forte 50%

Marshalls 50%

Sea-Land 50%

WEir Group 49%

NEI Group 48%

Cummins Engine 48%

Booker Scheme 47%

Milk Marque 45%

John Menzies 37%

SUIT's Scheme 36%


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Times Newspapers Limited


                              291 of 992 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Major Products and Services

                                October 13, 2013

                              United Bank of India

                      United Tower, 11, Hemant Basu Sarani
                          Kolkata,  West Bengal 700001
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:

   UBI is an India based bank engaged in providing a range of banking products
and services in India. The company's key products and services include the
following: Products:

   Deposit Schemes:


     ·    United Tax Savings Growth Plan
     ·    United Tax Savings Income Plan
     ·    United Bonanza Savings Schemes
     ·    Fixed Deposits
     ·    Re-Investment Plans
     ·    United Bonanza Current Deposit Schemes
     ·    Recurring Deposit
     ·    United Flexi Deposit Schemes
     ·    United Anand Deposit Schemes
     ·    Capital Gains Accounts Schemes
     ·    Savings Bank Account
     ·    United Children Savings Account
     ·    United Basic SB Account
     ·    United Current Deposit Account
     ·    United Gold and Platinum Current Deposit Schemes


   Retail Credit Schemes:


     ·    United Housing Loan Scheme
     ·    United Smart Loan Scheme
     ·    United Housing Loan for Pensioners
     ·    United Personal Loan Scheme for Salaried Persons
     ·    United Demand Loan Scheme
     ·    United Personal Loan Scheme for Pensioners
     ·    United Festival Loan Scheme
     ·    United Tour & Travel Credit Scheme
     ·    United Car Loan Scheme
     ·    United Consumer Loan Scheme
     ·    United Education Loan Scheme
     ·    United Shikshak Samman Yojana
     ·    United Nari Samman Yojana
     ·    United Trade Credit
     ·    United Mortgage Loan Scheme
     ·    United Cash Rental Services:


   Corporate Banking services

   Utility Schemes:


     ·    NRI (Non-Resident Indian)
     ·    United Mobile Services
     ·    Forex
     ·    United Suraksha Yojana
     ·    RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement)
     ·    Collection of Tax
     ·    E-Payment



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013


                              292 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2014 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                 July 23, 2014

                             ACM Shipping Group Plc

             Grand Buildings, 1-3 Strand, London, WC2N 5HR, United
                                    Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 44-20-79307555
URL: http://www.acmshippinggroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: ACMG
ISIN: GB00B1GJ9M21

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: December 06,2006

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
James Gundy    Chief          27-11-2012     James joined ACM in 1991, having
               Executive                     previously been at Clarkson for
               Officer                       ten years. He headed the very
                                             successful VLCC desk until moving
                                             to the projects desk in January
                                             2011. James held the position of
                                             Chief Operating Officer until
                                             being appointed CEO in November
                                             2012.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
ACM Shipping Group plc operates as a ship brokering company in the United
Kingdom and internationally. It engages in the seaborne transportation of oil,
refined products, liquid petroleum gas, and dry bulk commodities. The company
offers a portfolio of services, including spot and period chartering;
derivatives brokerage; and investment analysis on oil and gas physical freight
and freight derivative markets. It also involves in the sale and purchase
brokerage, such as broker new builds and demolitions; sale and purchase of
second hand ships; and demolition market. The company serves oil companies and
traders, ship-owners and operators, blue chip mining companies, and industrial
and agricultural companies. ACM Shipping Group plc was founded in 1982 and is
based in London, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Industrial transportation sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in GBP)                      6/30/2011
Sales                                    24,051,000
Total Revenue                            24,656,000
Interest                                    308,000
Depreciation and                            667,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                               -1,493,000
Earnings Before Interest                   -562,000
and Tax
Earning Before Interest,                   -175,000
Tax and Depreciation
Earnings Before                             105,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                         769,000
Working Capital                           3,576,000
Shareholders Funds                        8,798,000
Net Tangible Assets                       4,914,000
Net Assets                                8,798,000
Current Assets                           10,058,000
Total Non-Current Assets                  6,837,000
Total Assets                             16,895,000
Current Liabilities                       6,482,000
Total Liabilities                         8,640,000
Total Investing Cashflow                    527,000
Total Financial Cashflow                 -2,307,000
Net Operating Cashflow                    3,013,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                            -0
Cash Flow Per Share                           -0
Adjusted earnings Per Share                   -0
Return on Assets (%)                       14.43
Return on Equity (%)                       20.26
Sales Margin (%)                              -6
Earnings Before Interest Tax                0.43
Depreciation and Amortisation to
Sales (%)
Interest Cover equals Earnings                -2
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current            1.55
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             26.08
Sector Value on ROA                        14.43
Sector Value on ROE                        20.26
Sector Value on ROCE                       26.08
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                 -8

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Michael Amyas Charles                 -              -
Rudd

EPS: GBP -0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
7         Interim   05 Sep, 2012        -              21 Feb, 2014         GBX

PRICES (GBP):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 250
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 253
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 249
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 249
BID PRICE: 172
ASK PRICE: 177
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 19,470,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (GBP):
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 4.85
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: -29,205,000
MCAP CHANGE: -0.60%
HIGH PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 272
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 150
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 255
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 169.55
LOW PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 170
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 138
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 237
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 138
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 224.87
TURNOVER RATE: 44.47%
TURNOVER: 4,865,460
VOLUME: 19,540
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 34,634
PRICE CHANGE (GBP):
PRICE CHANGE: -1.50
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: -0.60
BID ASK SPREAD: 2.82
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -0.50
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: -0.20
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: -2
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -0.80
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -0.50
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 10.42
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 7.50
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 3.11
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 73.50
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 41.88
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (GBP):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 249
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.27%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.27%
VWP 1 MONTH: 251.51
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 0.99
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 1.58%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 8.46%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 0.20%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 46.47%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK            1,000          -2       12.49           -
5 WEEKS          978.39         -22        45.2           -
13 WEEKS       1,104.21      104.21       42.48           -
1 MONTH          992.03          -8       11.64           -
3 MONTHS       1,104.21      104.21       44.58           -
6 MONTHS       1,043.64       31.06       12.59           -
1 YEAR         1,489.18       418.8       70.37       48.92
2 YEARS        2,025.71      810.91      214.81           -
3 YEARS        1,299.41       96.92      202.49        9.03
5 YEARS        1,569.21      214.63      354.57        9.43

MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (GBP):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 285.94
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 0.87
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 413.58
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.60
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.24
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 1.38
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.56
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.62
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.73
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 0.72
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.93
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 1.61
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 6.52
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 8.70
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 7.59
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 22.86
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 60
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.09
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.36
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.20
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.76
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 8.95
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.05
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 38.79
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -4.90
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 69.53
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 61.52
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 49.61
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 84.31
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 65.47
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 82.08
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 1
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 19,540
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 19
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 9.00
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 13
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 6.34
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -15.50
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -6.37
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -14.50
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -6.19
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -              -          -       3.15

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: -0.08
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -47.22
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 46.02
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -8.33
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 0.98
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: 106.23
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.02
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1104.92
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 15.50
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: -0.51
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 0.34
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -1.20
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 9.87
PRICE TO SALES: 1.97
YIELD: 4.08%
EARNING YIELD: 14.17%
RETURN ON ASSETS: 14.43%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 20.26%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 26.08%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 20.89
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 3.29
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 0.87
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 0.93%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.22
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 3.91%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 10.66%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 9.90%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 19.64%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 25.60%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Fri, Nov  ACM Shipping         147
23        drops on high
          volatility.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Fri,    ACM           147 two-mont three-mo ACM      ACM      ACM      ACM
Nov 23  Shipping          h High   nth Low  Shipping Shipping Shipping Shipping
        dips                                climbs   strength dips     weakens
        0.9% to                             4.7% to  ens      0.1% to  below
        GBX135.2                            GBX144.5 above    GBX151.9 Exponent
        6 on                                1 on     Exponent 1 on low ial
        thin                                average  ial      volume.  Moving
        volume.                             volume.  Moving            Average
                                                     Average           Price
                                                     Price             (EMAP),
                                                     (EMAP),           12-day
                                                     12-day            EMAP
                                                     EMAP              trails
                                                     outperfo          26-day
                                                     rms               EMAP.
                                                     26-day
                                                     EMAP.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   [Company Release] ACM announces that at a hearing held earlier today, the
High Court of Justice in England and Wales (the "Court") sanctioned the scheme
of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") to effect
a recommended merger pursuant to which Braemar will acquire the entire issued
and to be issued ordinary share capital of ACM (the "Merger").

   Share Subdivision and Reclassification

   Following delivery of an office copy of the Court Order sanctioning the
Scheme to the Registrar of Companies, each of the Scheme Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified at the Reorganisation Record Time (being 6.00 p.m.
(London time) on 24 July 2014) in accordance with the Scheme. Scheme Shares in
respect of which valid elections were made and accepted for cash consideration
will be subdivided and reclassified as A Shares. Scheme Shares in respect of
which valid elections were made and accepted for New Braemar Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified as B Shares. Any Scheme Shares in respect of which
no valid election has been made or is deemed to have been made will be
subdivided and reclassified into A Shares and B Shares.

   Conditions

   The Merger remains conditional, inter alia, upon the UK Listing Authority
agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to the Official List and the
London Stock Exchange agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to
trading on its main market for listed securities, as well as the confirmation of
the Capital Reduction.

   Last Day for Dealings

   In order to ensure an orderly subdivision and reclassification of the Scheme
Shares, the last day for dealings in and for registration of transfers of, and
disablement in CREST of, ACM Shares is today, 23 July 2014.

   Suspension of Listing and Trading

   A request has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the suspension of
trading in ACM Shares with effect from 7:30 a.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014.
It is expected that the Scheme will become effective on 25 July 2014 and that
the cancellation of the admission to trading on AIM of, and cessation of
dealings in, ACM Shares will each take place at 7:00 a.m. (London time) on 28
July 2014.

   Upon the Scheme becoming effective, holders of the Scheme Shares will be
entitled to receive two New Braemar Ordinary Shares and 250 pence in cash for
every five ACM Ordinary Shares held by them at the Reorganisation Record Time
(6.00 p.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014).

   The consideration due to Scheme Shareholders will be despatched to them by no
later than 8 August 2014.

   Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used but not defined in
this announcement have the same meaning as given to them in the scheme document
containing the Scheme that was sent to ACM Shareholders on 12 June 2014.

   Copies of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at
www.acmshippinggroup.com by no later than 12 noon on 24 July 2014.

   Source: Company Website

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   [Company Release] RECOMMENDED MERGER OF

   BRAEMAR SHIPPING SERVICES PLC ("BRAEMAR")

   and

   ACM SHIPPING GROUP PLC ("ACM")

   to be effected by means of a Scheme of Arrangement under Part 26 of the
Companies Act 2006

   Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by Court

   ACM announces that at a hearing held earlier today, the High Court of Justice
in England and Wales (the "Court") sanctioned the scheme of arrangement under
Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") to effect a recommended merger
pursuant to which Braemar will acquire the entire issued and to be issued
ordinary share capital of ACM (the "Merger").

   Share Subdivision and Reclassification

   Following delivery of an office copy of the Court Order sanctioning the
Scheme to the Registrar of Companies, each of the Scheme Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified at the Reorganisation Record Time (being 6.00 p.m.
(London time) on 24 July 2014) in accordance with the Scheme. Scheme Shares in
respect of which valid elections were made and accepted for cash consideration
will be subdivided and reclassified as A Shares. Scheme Shares in respect of
which valid elections were made and accepted for New Braemar Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified as B Shares. Any Scheme Shares in respect of which
no valid election has been made or is deemed to have been made will be
subdivided and reclassified into A Shares and B Shares.

   Conditions

   The Merger remains conditional, inter alia, upon the UK Listing Authority
agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to the Official List and the
London Stock Exchange agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to
trading on its main market for listed securities, as well as the confirmation of
the Capital Reduction.

   Last Day for Dealings

   In order to ensure an orderly subdivision and reclassification of the Scheme
Shares, the last day for dealings in and for registration of transfers of, and
disablement in CREST of, ACM Shares is today, 23 July 2014.

   Suspension of Listing and Trading

   A request has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the suspension of
trading in ACM Shares with effect from 7:30 a.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014.
It is expected that the Scheme will become effective on 25 July 2014 and that
the cancellation of the admission to trading on AIM of, and cessation of
dealings in, ACM Shares will each take place at 7:00 a.m. (London time) on 28
July 2014.

   Upon the Scheme becoming effective, holders of the Scheme Shares will be
entitled to receive two New Braemar Ordinary Shares and 250 pence in cash for
every five ACM Ordinary Shares held by them at the Reorganisation Record Time
(6.00 p.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014).

   The consideration due to Scheme Shareholders will be despatched to them by no
later than 8 August 2014.

   Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used but not defined in
this announcement have the same meaning as given to them in the scheme document
containing the Scheme that was sent to ACM Shareholders on 12 June 2014.

   Copies of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at
www.acmshippinggroup.com by no later than 12 noon on 24 July 2014.

   Source: Company Website

OTHERS

   [Company Release] ACM announces that at a hearing held earlier today, the
High Court of Justice in England and Wales (the "Court") sanctioned the scheme
of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme") to effect
a recommended merger pursuant to which Braemar will acquire the entire issued
and to be issued ordinary share capital of ACM (the "Merger").

   Share Subdivision and Reclassification

   Following delivery of an office copy of the Court Order sanctioning the
Scheme to the Registrar of Companies, each of the Scheme Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified at the Reorganisation Record Time (being 6.00 p.m.
(London time) on 24 July 2014) in accordance with the Scheme. Scheme Shares in
respect of which valid elections were made and accepted for cash consideration
will be subdivided and reclassified as A Shares. Scheme Shares in respect of
which valid elections were made and accepted for New Braemar Shares will be
subdivided and reclassified as B Shares. Any Scheme Shares in respect of which
no valid election has been made or is deemed to have been made will be
subdivided and reclassified into A Shares and B Shares.

   Conditions

   The Merger remains conditional, inter alia, upon the UK Listing Authority
agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to the Official List and the
London Stock Exchange agreeing to admit the New Braemar Ordinary Shares to
trading on its main market for listed securities, as well as the confirmation of
the Capital Reduction.

   Last Day for Dealings

   In order to ensure an orderly subdivision and reclassification of the Scheme
Shares, the last day for dealings in and for registration of transfers of, and
disablement in CREST of, ACM Shares is today, 23 July 2014.

   Suspension of Listing and Trading

   A request has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the suspension of
trading in ACM Shares with effect from 7:30 a.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014.
It is expected that the Scheme will become effective on 25 July 2014 and that
the cancellation of the admission to trading on AIM of, and cessation of
dealings in, ACM Shares will each take place at 7:00 a.m. (London time) on 28
July 2014.

   Upon the Scheme becoming effective, holders of the Scheme Shares will be
entitled to receive two New Braemar Ordinary Shares and 250 pence in cash for
every five ACM Ordinary Shares held by them at the Reorganisation Record Time
(6.00 p.m. (London time) on 24 July 2014).

   The consideration due to Scheme Shareholders will be despatched to them by no
later than 8 August 2014.

   Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used but not defined in
this announcement have the same meaning as given to them in the scheme document
containing the Scheme that was sent to ACM Shareholders on 12 June 2014.

   Copies of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at
www.acmshippinggroup.com by no later than 12 noon on 24 July 2014.

   Source: Company Website

DIVIDEND

   ACM Shipping today announced an interim dividend of GBX3.15 per share. The ex
dividend date is January 15, 2014 and it is payable on February 21, 2014.

COMPANY RELEASE

   [Company Release]

http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Unitedkingdom/Stock/News/128
401.pdf

   Source: Company Website

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014


                              293 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Year-end special: How to review your mutual fund investments

BYLINE: Shivani Bazaz

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 522 words


End of the year and New Year are often the best time to review your weight,
health, investments, etc. Not necessarily in that order. If you are thinking of
taking a close look at your mutual fund portfolio, we can help you. Here is a
quick guide on how to review your mutual fund portfolio. First, stop looking at
the NAV of the schemes you have invested.

Or even the returns offered by them in the previous year regularly. The NAV of a
mutual fund scheme does not give you any indication about its performance. Same
for the returns it offered during different periods. In isolation, these numbers
do not tell you anything about the performance of the scheme. You should always
compare the performance of the scheme against its benchmark. For example, if the
scheme has given 10 per cent returns in one year and its benchmark offered 15
per cent during the same period, obviously the scheme is not performing. Mutual
funds are mandated to offer a benchmark for every scheme to help investors to
get a fair idea about its performance. If a scheme fails to beat its benchmark,
it clearly says that the fund manager has failed to produce any extra returns by
actively managing the fund. You could have invested in an indexed fund and saved
some money as index funds typically has low expense ratio. Next, take a look at
the category average returns. This figure tells you how the category (for
example, equity largecap funds) has performed vis-a-vis the scheme. If the
scheme has returned more than the category average, it indicates that your
scheme is an above average performer. If it fails to match the category average
returns, it shows that the scheme is a below average performer. Okay, what if
your scheme turns out to be an above average performer? Should you be happy with
it? Yes, you should pat your back for choosing a good scheme. But still it makes
sense to compare the scheme with its peers to see by what margin the scheme is
lagging the best performers in the category. What if the scheme fails on all
these comparisons? First, put it on the watch list. Next, you should try to find
out the reason behind its underperformance. Find out whether the scheme has
changed its mandate, whether a key fund manager has left, etc. If the scheme has
changed its mandate, ensure that it still matches your investment objective. If
no, sell it and transfer the money to a scheme that matches your investment
objective. If a key person has left the scheme, give it some more time before
taking a call on continuing with it. If the scheme has started performing badly
in the short term, you should also try to find out whether the fund manager has
taken some contrarian calls. If the call is backed by sound logic, you should
give the fund manager some time to perform. If he gets the call right, the
scheme may bounce back soon. If the scheme continue to underperform for a period
of a year or more and if you are not happy with the fund manager's reasoning for
its lack lustre performance, you should sell it and move the money to a scheme
in the same category. Flashback 2016: Year-End Special

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Year-end special: How to review your mutual fund investments

BYLINE: Shivani Bazaz

SECTION: INVEST

LENGTH: 522 words


End of the year and New Year are often the best time to review your weight,
health, investments, etc. Not necessarily in that order. If you are thinking of
taking a close look at your mutual fund portfolio, we can help you. Here is a
quick guide on how to review your mutual fund portfolio. First, stop looking at
the NAV of the schemes you have invested.

Or even the returns offered by them in the previous year regularly. The NAV of a
mutual fund scheme does not give you any indication about its performance. Same
for the returns it offered during different periods. In isolation, these numbers
do not tell you anything about the performance of the scheme. You should always
compare the performance of the scheme against its benchmark. For example, if the
scheme has given 10 per cent returns in one year and its benchmark offered 15
per cent during the same period, obviously the scheme is not performing. Mutual
funds are mandated to offer a benchmark for every scheme to help investors to
get a fair idea about its performance. If a scheme fails to beat its benchmark,
it clearly says that the fund manager has failed to produce any extra returns by
actively managing the fund. You could have invested in an indexed fund and saved
some money as index funds typically has low expense ratio. Next, take a look at
the category average returns. This figure tells you how the category (for
example, equity largecap funds) has performed vis-a-vis the scheme. If the
scheme has returned more than the category average, it indicates that your
scheme is an above average performer. If it fails to match the category average
returns, it shows that the scheme is a below average performer. Okay, what if
your scheme turns out to be an above average performer? Should you be happy with
it? Yes, you should pat your back for choosing a good scheme. But still it makes
sense to compare the scheme with its peers to see by what margin the scheme is
lagging the best performers in the category. What if the scheme fails on all
these comparisons? First, put it on the watch list. Next, you should try to find
out the reason behind its underperformance. Find out whether the scheme has
changed its mandate, whether a key fund manager has left, etc. If the scheme has
changed its mandate, ensure that it still matches your investment objective. If
no, sell it and transfer the money to a scheme that matches your investment
objective. If a key person has left the scheme, give it some more time before
taking a call on continuing with it. If the scheme has started performing badly
in the short term, you should also try to find out whether the fund manager has
taken some contrarian calls. If the call is backed by sound logic, you should
give the fund manager some time to perform. If he gets the call right, the
scheme may bounce back soon. If the scheme continue to underperform for a period
of a year or more and if you are not happy with the fund manager's reasoning for
its lack lustre performance, you should sell it and move the money to a scheme
in the same category. Flashback 2016: Year-End Special

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

The sustainability of a private sector pension scheme

LENGTH: 1155 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 7 -- Last week, many unions and politicians were protesting
against the proposed Employees' Provident Fund (Epf)employees' Trust Fund (ETF)
reforms covering the private sector employees. The proposal was to introduce a
mechanism to improve the quality of management of the current trust fund and the
provident fund and also to deliver a pension for life. Sadly, many of those who
protested did not really know what was going on. The government also failed
because they did not know how to sell the idea to the key stakeholders.

Furthermore, none of the investigations done so far on the pump and dump deals,
involving the EPF, have been fully investigated. If the investigations are
complete, the government should go public with the findings. Many people like
the idea of the EPF being taken out of the Central Bank. Now the Prime Minister
says the proposal has been put on hold. A private sector pension scheme is now
on the cards. It is a pity that the original proposal has now been put on hold
because all the elderly people in Sri Lanka should have access to at least one
reliable, affordable and a livable pension. A proper pension is essential to
ensure income security for the elderly.

Better governance

In Sri Lanka, 85 percent of the population between the ages of 20 and 59 are not
covered by a pension scheme and only 30 percent of the population above the age
of 60 get a pension that helps them to make ends meet. Any new pension scheme
must be contributory and sustainable as the public sector pension system is
mostly unfunded. The EPF or ETF in its current form cannot be considered a
pension scheme. Therefore, if both funds are going to be merged to provide a
pension for life, the fund needs major reform and must be taken out from the
Central Bank. Moreover, the pension amount should help to keep a person out of
poverty. If that cannot be achieved it is best the funds are left alone, but at
least ensure there is better governance and more transparency.

Current situation

According to my research, there are 24 income support schemes, which include the
state's Public Service Pension Scheme (PSPS) and the private sector's EPF. There
are also contributory pension schemes for the informal sector workers, which
include the Farmers Pension and Social Security Benefit Scheme (FMPS),
Fishermen's Pension and Social Security Benefit Scheme (FSHPS) and the
Self-employed Persons Pension Scheme (SPPS). Other than for these there is a
Public Assistance Monthly Allowance (PAMA), which provides an allowance to
households whose monthly income falls below a minimum amount. The pension system
in the public sector is mostly unfunded and public sector wages are lower than
the private sector. As a result, the public sector pensions are therefore very
low.

Furthermore, because the public sector schemes are mostly unfunded, current and
future taxpayers bear the burden of the current noncontributory pension system
we have. On the other hand, the EPF is the largest social security scheme in Sri
Lanka, with a current asset base of 1.35 trillion rupees and 2.5 million active
accounts. But it cannot be considered a pension scheme as it is not an annuity,
however, it could be converted into an annuity if recipients use the proceeds in
that manner. In Sri Lanka pension anomalies are seen not only in the state
sector but also in most schemes in the country, while the access to pensions is
also not uniform.

International experience

In many countries, pension provision is covered by a mandatory public scheme
that is often supplemented by occupational pension schemes - Defined Benefit
(DB) Defined Contribution (DC) schemes. The extent to which occupational pension
schemes supplement public schemes varies substantially among advanced economies.
In emerging economies, the access to any form of pension coverage among the
working population is limited. Among public pension schemes, some are funded,
i.e. the pension liabilities are backed by pension assets, others are unfunded
and referred to as payas-you-go schemes, i.e. the current pension payments are
financed from contributions or payroll taxes paid by the current employees. In
advanced economies, when the pension assets relative to gross domestic product
(GDP) are low, it usually implies that a large share of pension liabilities is
tied to future government revenues.

Options

Occupational pension schemes (DB) offer the employees more measurable
post-employment income benefits but they lack the transferability that DC
schemes offer employees when they switch employers. In a DC plan, the amount of
money that has to be contributed to the fund is specified but the benefits
payout will be known only at the time of retirement. The design of retirement
plans can have influences on labour markets because they have important economic
incentives associated with them that affect employment contracts and terms.

Objective of a pension scheme

The principal objective of any pension scheme is to provide beneficiaries with
an adequate income stream during the post-employment period. For funded schemes,
this requires assessment of what the appropriate contribution rates (as a
percentage of salaries) into the pension fund should be, to deliver the expected
retirement income stream. For DB schemes, any asset shortfall arising from poor
investment returns on pension assets becomes a liability of the schemes'
sponsor. For DC schemes, employees bear the risk that the post-employment income
can be lower than what they had planned for.

For both unfunded DB schemes and occupational DB schemes, the contractual
commitments that underpin the promised retirement income will serve as inputs to
the actuarial calculations used to estimate the present value of pension
liabilities. In addition to this, the actuarial calculations will involve a
number of assumptions about the future value of economic, demographic and
financial variables and risks. Because of the inherent uncertainties involved in
estimating these variables over the long term, investment decisions that deliver
the contractual commitments with minimum risk to the pension sponsor for funded
pension schemes can be extremely challenging.

The regulatory restrictions on investments and compliance with pension-related
accounting standards, often add to these challenges. Yet, the state and public
awareness of these challenges and the costs they impose on the pension champion
from these contractual commitments is limited and relatively unknown. Therefore,
in the final analysis, the government needs to engage the right people to
structure the pension scheme if they are serious about launching a pension
scheme for the private sector - that is doable and also marketable.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Haryana Govt raises cash award for medal winners

LENGTH: 809 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, Aug. 8 -- Ahead of the Assembly polls in October this year, Haryana
Government is on a sop distribution spree to all sections of society. With
players from Haryana doing well in the Commonwealth Games, the Government
increased the cash award for the medal winners of Asian Games and Commonwealth
Games, besides appointing shooter Anisa Sayyed for the post of assistant
director in the sports department of the State. The Government has also
increased the cash awards for medallists in Asian Masters Athletics Championship
and World Masters Athletic Championships.

A decision to this effect was taken by the state cabinet, which met under the
chairmanship of Bhupinder Singh Hooda, the Chief Minister of Haryana.The cash
award for medal winners of Asian Games has been increased from Rs25 lakh to Rs2
crore for gold medallist, from Rs15 lakh to Rs1 crore for silver medallists and
Rs10 lakh to Rs50 lakh for bronze medal winners.For Commonwealth Games, cash
award has been increased for gold medal from Rs15 lakh to Rs1 crore, silver from
Rs10 lakh to Rs50 lakh and bronze Rs5 lakh to Rs25 lakh.

A cash award of Rs62.50 lakh was also announced for Gagan Narang for his
achievements in the Commonwealth Games, in relaxation of the Sports Policy of
the State.The cash award for medal winners of Asian Masters Athletics
Championship and World Masters Athletic Championships has also been increased
for gold medal from Rs35,000 to Rs70,000, silver from Rs25,000 to Rs50,000 and
bronze from Rs15,000 to Rs30,000.

Cash incentives increased

The Haryana Cabinet doubled the monthly allowance of Ladli Social Security
Allowance Scheme and monthly allowance admissible to dwarfs and eunuchs from
Rs500 to Rs1,000, besides enhancing the income limit under Widow Pension scheme
and financial assistance to destitute children scheme. The enhancement in these
allowances would be applicable with effect from April 1, 2014.

Ladli Social Security Allowance Scheme

Under the Ladli Social Security Allowance Scheme, the rate of allowance has been
enhanced from Rs500 to Rs 1000 per month. At present 25,963 beneficiaries are
getting these benefits under this scheme. This scheme is being implemented in
State since January 2006.

Allowance to Dwarf Scheme

After Cabinet nod, the dwarfs in Haryana would be able to get monthly allowance
of Rs1,000 instead of Rs500 given earlier. Beneficiaries of this scheme are
getting their allowance as per eligibility criteria in the State. The scheme is
being implemented since June 1, 2006. There is a budget provision of Rs2 lakh
for the current financial year 2014-15 for this scheme in which presently there
are 18 beneficiaries.

Allowance to Eunuch Scheme

Similarly, now eunuchs would also get an allowance of Rs1,000 per month instead
of Rs500 per month given earlier. This scheme was implemented with effect from
June 1, 2006. There is a Budget provision of Rs1.25 lakh for the current
financial year 2014-15 for this scheme. At present 14 beneficiaries are getting
these benefits under this scheme.

Widow Pension

The Cabinet has revised the income limit from Rs30,000 to Rs2 lakh per annum for
availing the benefit. There is a Budget provision of Rs734.70 crore for the
current financial year 2014-2015 for this scheme. At present 5, 79,469
beneficiaries are getting benefit under this scheme. The rate of pension remains
Rs1,000 per month

Financial Assistance to Destitute Children Scheme

The Cabinet also increased the income criteria from Rs30,000 to Rs2 lakh per
annum. There is a Budget provision of Rs95.00 crore for the current financial
year 2014-15 for this scheme. At present 1, 53,854 beneficiaries are getting
benefits under this scheme.

New scheme 'Kanyadan' introduced

On Punjab's 'Shagun' scheme pattern, Haryana Government has also decided to
implement a new scheme 'Kanyadan' to provide an incentive of Rs11,000 per girl
if her wedding is solemnised through mass marriages. An organisation of at least
11 marriages will be construed mass marriage for the purpose of this Scheme. The
affidavit must be counter-signed by the concerned organisation organising the
mass marriage. The funds of Rs11,000 would be given in the name of the girl
only.

VAT exempted on all kinds of pulses

The Cabinet exempted all kinds of pulses from VAT and also reduced the VAT on
'Khal' that is oilcake from 5 per cent to 2 per cent. With such exemption, the
government will lose more than Rs 3 crore of VAT revenue.

The reduction of VAT on 'Khal' that is oilcake will encourage the manufacturers
of Khal to conduct more inter-State sales instead of consignment sales or branch
transfers and overall increase in the trading activity of Khal in the State.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes cough up more for PMBs;
In 2000, regulators made it compulsory for medical schemes to fully cover
treatments for a prescribed list of conditions. This cover is now taking |an
increasingly large slice of your contributions, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1231 words


More than half of medical schemes' expenditure on healthcare benefits for
members is spent on providing you with prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) that
now cost, on average, more than R500 a month for each life covered by a scheme.

The Council for Medical Schemes says in a recent publication on PMBs that over
the past seven years, these benefits have grown from accounting for about 39
percent of the total amount medical schemes spend on your benefits to more than
53 percent of their healthcare expendi-|ture (that is, excluding medical savings
accounts).

Dr Anton de Villiers, the head of research and monitoring at the Council for
Medical Schemes, says in the council's latest CMS News publication that this is
a "concerning trend".

Schemes are obliged by law to provide you with PMBs, and this ensures you have
cover for certain essential health services.

Medical schemes have only two ways of covering the increase in the costs of
these benefits: by increasing your contributions or by reducing your benefits
for conditions that are not PMBs.

WIdening range of PMB costs

De Villiers says that the estimated average cost of providing PMBs to medical
scheme members in 2013 was R508 per beneficiary (members and dependants) per
month.

However, he says the council's data for 2012 shows that if your scheme has a lot
of older, sicker members, who claim for many services covered by PMBs, these
benefits could be costing your scheme as much as R925 per |beneficiary per
month.

If you are member of such a scheme it would mean you are either paying a much
higher contribution for cover beyond PMBs than members on other schemes do, or
you do not enjoy many benefits beyond PMBs, |or both.

De Villiers says the data shows that the schemes that are able to provide PMBs
at the lowest cost are paying R240 per beneficiary per month.

"A system of risk adjustment is crucially required to adjust the risk so that
all medical schemes compete on equal ground. This would force medical schemes to
be more efficient," De Villiers says.

De Villiers says that in 2002, soon after PMBs were introduced in 2000, the
council commissioned research by actuaries that showed that the PMB benefit
package was well covered by what the industry spent on healthcare benefits and
was therefore unlikely to put pressure on contributions.

However, the latest trend indicates that PMBs are "crowding out other risk
benefits", although schemes |still have 47 percent of the contributions they
collect for risk benefits (excluding contributions to medical savings accounts)
to spend on non-PMB benefits.

Humphrey Zokufa, the chief executive of the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF),
which represents schemes and their administrators, says the council's
information corroborates an analysis commissioned by the BHF into the effect of
a regulation stating that medical schemes must pay PMB costs in full. He says
the BHF analysis shows that while non-PMB claims remain stable, PMB claims are
rising significantly.

Zokufa says the BHF's view is that because healthcare providers know that
schemes have to pay PMB |claims in full, there have been ever-increasing
instances of services previously not coded as PMBs now being coded as such, and
where providers' PMB charges are "opportunistic".

He says while it is necessary to have legislated minimum benefits, it is
irrational and unfair to medical schemes and their members that there is no
corresponding set of tariffs for these benefits.

At last year's BHF conference, Christoff Raath, an actuary and the chief
executive of actuarial consultancy The Health Monitor, showed |an example of a
scheme in which anaesthetists' costs per member for PMB services had doubled
over a |two-and-a-half year period, while costs for non-PMB services had
remained the same.

Raath says the council's latest |statistics appear to contradict statements in
their annual report last year to the effect that PMBs are not driving up
contributions.

He says the rising costs of PMBs make it very difficult to offer medical scheme
membership to low earners.

stalled reforms

In 2005, the Council for Medical Schemes started testing a risk equalisation
fund that would transfer money from schemes with healthier members to schemes
with members in poorer health. The process stalled when the government decided
to |pursue National Health Insurance (NHI), and the testing of the fund was
abandoned in 2011. The council continues to collect data about the risk profiles
of schemes.

In addition to the risk equalisation fund, De Villiers refers to a number of
other "structural issues" affecting the affordability of PMBs, including:

u The fact that medical scheme membership is not compulsory for employed people.
If membership was compulsory, the average cost of providing PMBs would be
significantly lower, because there would be many more healthy people in medical
schemes' risk pools.

u The lack of collective bargaining on medical scheme tariffs, which is
"critically important" to address the prices healthcare providers charge. The
Competition Commission put an end to this practice in 2004, because it found it
anti-competitive. The effect of this will form part of the Competition
Commission's healthcare inquiry, but its work is only likely to be completed by
the end of November next year. The inquiry will call for public submissions
later this year.

u The "vacuum" in the drafting of guideline tariffs for healthcare services
following a 2009 court judgment declaring the guideline tariff list drawn up by
the Department of Health, the Reference Price List, to be invalid. In the
absence of guideline tariffs, the difference between the rates charged by
providers and the rates at which schemes reimburse has widened.

The Competition Commission inquiry will extend to how healthcare providers
determine prices.

u The need for the council and |the Department of Health to speed |up their
revision of the PMBs. De |Villiers says "crucial assistance" is required from
the Department of Health to ensure that the regulations revising the treatment
guidelines for the chronic conditions covered by PMBs are published timeously.

u The need to review the benefits included in the PMB package, which is expected
to be part of the government's white paper on NHI.

De Villiers attributes the increase in the cost of PMBs relative to other
healthcare benefits to:

u A deterioration in the health profiles of medical scheme beneficiaries, which
could be attributable to a number of factors;

u More healthcare services being coded as PMBs;

u Some healthcare providers charging more for PMBs because they know that
medical schemes must pay the bill in full;

u Certain schemes reducing the non-PMB benefits on their options to improve
affordability; and

u The growing prevalence of chronic illnesses among medical scheme members
between 2006 and 2012. De Villiers says it is difficult to tell if this is a
real increase in |prevalence or the result of fewer schemes paying PMB claims
from |savings accounts (in contravention of the law), greater awareness of PMBs,
and schemes' attempts to identify members with chronic illnesses and put them on
programmes.

PMBs offer valuable protection for scheme members, but have been criticised for
focusing on in-hospital treatments at the exclusion of many primary health
benefits, such as visits to your general practitioner and treatments for acute
conditions.

See Passing Comment, page 2

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                  May 17, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes cough up more for PMBs;
In 2000, regulators made it compulsory for medical schemes to fully cover
treatments for a prescribed list of conditions. This cover is now taking |an
increasingly large slice of your contributions, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1231 words


More than half of medical schemes' expenditure on healthcare benefits for
members is spent on providing you with prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) that
now cost, on average, more than R500 a month for each life covered by a scheme.

The Council for Medical Schemes says in a recent publication on PMBs that over
the past seven years, these benefits have grown from accounting for about 39
percent of the total amount medical schemes spend on your benefits to more than
53 percent of their healthcare expendi-|ture (that is, excluding medical savings
accounts).

Dr Anton de Villiers, the head of research and monitoring at the Council for
Medical Schemes, says in the council's latest CMS News publication that this is
a "concerning trend".

Schemes are obliged by law to provide you with PMBs, and this ensures you have
cover for certain essential health services.

Medical schemes have only two ways of covering the increase in the costs of
these benefits: by increasing your contributions or by reducing your benefits
for conditions that are not PMBs.

WIdening range of PMB costs

De Villiers says that the estimated average cost of providing PMBs to medical
scheme members in 2013 was R508 per beneficiary (members and dependants) per
month.

However, he says the council's data for 2012 shows that if your scheme has a lot
of older, sicker members, who claim for many services covered by PMBs, these
benefits could be costing your scheme as much as R925 per |beneficiary per
month.

If you are member of such a scheme it would mean you are either paying a much
higher contribution for cover beyond PMBs than members on other schemes do, or
you do not enjoy many benefits beyond PMBs, |or both.

De Villiers says the data shows that the schemes that are able to provide PMBs
at the lowest cost are paying R240 per beneficiary per month.

"A system of risk adjustment is crucially required to adjust the risk so that
all medical schemes compete on equal ground. This would force medical schemes to
be more efficient," De Villiers says.

De Villiers says that in 2002, soon after PMBs were introduced in 2000, the
council commissioned research by actuaries that showed that the PMB benefit
package was well covered by what the industry spent on healthcare benefits and
was therefore unlikely to put pressure on contributions.

However, the latest trend indicates that PMBs are "crowding out other risk
benefits", although schemes |still have 47 percent of the contributions they
collect for risk benefits (excluding contributions to medical savings accounts)
to spend on non-PMB benefits.

Humphrey Zokufa, the chief executive of the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF),
which represents schemes and their administrators, says the council's
information corroborates an analysis commissioned by the BHF into the effect of
a regulation stating that medical schemes must pay PMB costs in full. He says
the BHF analysis shows that while non-PMB claims remain stable, PMB claims are
rising significantly.

Zokufa says the BHF's view is that because healthcare providers know that
schemes have to pay PMB |claims in full, there have been ever-increasing
instances of services previously not coded as PMBs now being coded as such, and
where providers' PMB charges are "opportunistic".

He says while it is necessary to have legislated minimum benefits, it is
irrational and unfair to medical schemes and their members that there is no
corresponding set of tariffs for these benefits.

At last year's BHF conference, Christoff Raath, an actuary and the chief
executive of actuarial consultancy The Health Monitor, showed |an example of a
scheme in which anaesthetists' costs per member for PMB services had doubled
over a |two-and-a-half year period, while costs for non-PMB services had
remained the same.

Raath says the council's latest |statistics appear to contradict statements in
their annual report last year to the effect that PMBs are not driving up
contributions.

He says the rising costs of PMBs make it very difficult to offer medical scheme
membership to low earners.

stalled reforms

In 2005, the Council for Medical Schemes started testing a risk equalisation
fund that would transfer money from schemes with healthier members to schemes
with members in poorer health. The process stalled when the government decided
to |pursue National Health Insurance (NHI), and the testing of the fund was
abandoned in 2011. The council continues to collect data about the risk profiles
of schemes.

In addition to the risk equalisation fund, De Villiers refers to a number of
other "structural issues" affecting the affordability of PMBs, including:

u The fact that medical scheme membership is not compulsory for employed people.
If membership was compulsory, the average cost of providing PMBs would be
significantly lower, because there would be many more healthy people in medical
schemes' risk pools.

u The lack of collective bargaining on medical scheme tariffs, which is
"critically important" to address the prices healthcare providers charge. The
Competition Commission put an end to this practice in 2004, because it found it
anti-competitive. The effect of this will form part of the Competition
Commission's healthcare inquiry, but its work is only likely to be completed by
the end of November next year. The inquiry will call for public submissions
later this year.

u The "vacuum" in the drafting of guideline tariffs for healthcare services
following a 2009 court judgment declaring the guideline tariff list drawn up by
the Department of Health, the Reference Price List, to be invalid. In the
absence of guideline tariffs, the difference between the rates charged by
providers and the rates at which schemes reimburse has widened.

The Competition Commission inquiry will extend to how healthcare providers
determine prices.

u The need for the council and |the Department of Health to speed |up their
revision of the PMBs. De |Villiers says "crucial assistance" is required from
the Department of Health to ensure that the regulations revising the treatment
guidelines for the chronic conditions covered by PMBs are published timeously.

u The need to review the benefits included in the PMB package, which is expected
to be part of the government's white paper on NHI.

De Villiers attributes the increase in the cost of PMBs relative to other
healthcare benefits to:

u A deterioration in the health profiles of medical scheme beneficiaries, which
could be attributable to a number of factors;

u More healthcare services being coded as PMBs;

u Some healthcare providers charging more for PMBs because they know that
medical schemes must pay the bill in full;

u Certain schemes reducing the non-PMB benefits on their options to improve
affordability; and

u The growing prevalence of chronic illnesses among medical scheme members
between 2006 and 2012. De Villiers says it is difficult to tell if this is a
real increase in |prevalence or the result of fewer schemes paying PMB claims
from |savings accounts (in contravention of the law), greater awareness of PMBs,
and schemes' attempts to identify members with chronic illnesses and put them on
programmes.

PMBs offer valuable protection for scheme members, but have been criticised for
focusing on in-hospital treatments at the exclusion of many primary health
benefits, such as visits to your general practitioner and treatments for acute
conditions.

See Passing Comment, page 18

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Schemes cough up more for PMBs;
In 2000, regulators made it compulsory for medical schemes to fully cover
treatments for a prescribed list of conditions. This cover is now taking |an
increasingly large slice of your contributions, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1231 words


More than half of medical schemes' expenditure on healthcare benefits for
members is spent on providing you with prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) that
now cost, on average, more than R500 a month for each life covered by a scheme.

The Council for Medical Schemes says in a recent publication on PMBs that over
the past seven years, these benefits have grown from accounting for about 39
percent of the total amount medical schemes spend on your benefits to more than
53 percent of their healthcare expendi-|ture (that is, excluding medical savings
accounts).

Dr Anton de Villiers, the head of research and monitoring at the Council for
Medical Schemes, says in the council's latest CMS News publication that this is
a "concerning trend".

Schemes are obliged by law to provide you with PMBs, and this ensures you have
cover for certain essential health services.

Medical schemes have only two ways of covering the increase in the costs of
these benefits: by increasing your contributions or by reducing your benefits
for conditions that are not PMBs.

WIdening range of PMB costs

De Villiers says that the estimated average cost of providing PMBs to medical
scheme members in 2013 was R508 per beneficiary (members and dependants) per
month.

However, he says the council's data for 2012 shows that if your scheme has a lot
of older, sicker members, who claim for many services covered by PMBs, these
benefits could be costing your scheme as much as R925 per |beneficiary per
month.

If you are member of such a scheme it would mean you are either paying a much
higher contribution for cover beyond PMBs than members on other schemes do, or
you do not enjoy many benefits beyond PMBs, |or both.

De Villiers says the data shows that the schemes that are able to provide PMBs
at the lowest cost are paying R240 per beneficiary per month.

"A system of risk adjustment is crucially required to adjust the risk so that
all medical schemes compete on equal ground. This would force medical schemes to
be more efficient," De Villiers says.

De Villiers says that in 2002, soon after PMBs were introduced in 2000, the
council commissioned research by actuaries that showed that the PMB benefit
package was well covered by what the industry spent on healthcare benefits and
was therefore unlikely to put pressure on contributions.

However, the latest trend indicates that PMBs are "crowding out other risk
benefits", although schemes |still have 47 percent of the contributions they
collect for risk benefits (excluding contributions to medical savings accounts)
to spend on non-PMB benefits.

Humphrey Zokufa, the chief executive of the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF),
which represents schemes and their administrators, says the council's
information corroborates an analysis commissioned by the BHF into the effect of
a regulation stating that medical schemes must pay PMB costs in full. He says
the BHF analysis shows that while non-PMB claims remain stable, PMB claims are
rising significantly.

Zokufa says the BHF's view is that because healthcare providers know that
schemes have to pay PMB |claims in full, there have been ever-increasing
instances of services previously not coded as PMBs now being coded as such, and
where providers' PMB charges are "opportunistic".

He says while it is necessary to have legislated minimum benefits, it is
irrational and unfair to medical schemes and their members that there is no
corresponding set of tariffs for these benefits.

At last year's BHF conference, Christoff Raath, an actuary and the chief
executive of actuarial consultancy The Health Monitor, showed |an example of a
scheme in which anaesthetists' costs per member for PMB services had doubled
over a |two-and-a-half year period, while costs for non-PMB services had
remained the same.

Raath says the council's latest |statistics appear to contradict statements in
their annual report last year to the effect that PMBs are not driving up
contributions.

He says the rising costs of PMBs make it very difficult to offer medical scheme
membership to low earners.

stalled reforms

In 2005, the Council for Medical Schemes started testing a risk equalisation
fund that would transfer money from schemes with healthier members to schemes
with members in poorer health. The process stalled when the government decided
to |pursue National Health Insurance (NHI), and the testing of the fund was
abandoned in 2011. The council continues to collect data about the risk profiles
of schemes.

In addition to the risk equalisation fund, De Villiers refers to a number of
other "structural issues" affecting the affordability of PMBs, including:

u The fact that medical scheme membership is not compulsory for employed people.
If membership was compulsory, the average cost of providing PMBs would be
significantly lower, because there would be many more healthy people in medical
schemes' risk pools.

u The lack of collective bargaining on medical scheme tariffs, which is
"critically important" to address the prices healthcare providers charge. The
Competition Commission put an end to this practice in 2004, because it found it
anti-competitive. The effect of this will form part of the Competition
Commission's healthcare inquiry, but its work is only likely to be completed by
the end of November next year. The inquiry will call for public submissions
later this year.

u The "vacuum" in the drafting of guideline tariffs for healthcare services
following a 2009 court judgment declaring the guideline tariff list drawn up by
the Department of Health, the Reference Price List, to be invalid. In the
absence of guideline tariffs, the difference between the rates charged by
providers and the rates at which schemes reimburse has widened.

The Competition Commission inquiry will extend to how healthcare providers
determine prices.

u The need for the council and |the Department of Health to speed |up their
revision of the PMBs. De |Villiers says "crucial assistance" is required from
the Department of Health to ensure that the regulations revising the treatment
guidelines for the chronic conditions covered by PMBs are published timeously.

u The need to review the benefits included in the PMB package, which is expected
to be part of the government's white paper on NHI.

De Villiers attributes the increase in the cost of PMBs relative to other
healthcare benefits to:

u A deterioration in the health profiles of medical scheme beneficiaries, which
could be attributable to a number of factors;

u More healthcare services being coded as PMBs;

u Some healthcare providers charging more for PMBs because they know that
medical schemes must pay the bill in full;

u Certain schemes reducing the non-PMB benefits on their options to improve
affordability; and

u The growing prevalence of chronic illnesses among medical scheme members
between 2006 and 2012. De Villiers says it is difficult to tell if this is a
real increase in |prevalence or the result of fewer schemes paying PMB claims
from |savings accounts (in contravention of the law), greater awareness of PMBs,
and schemes' attempts to identify members with chronic illnesses and put them on
programmes.

PMBs offer valuable protection for scheme members, but have been criticised for
focusing on in-hospital treatments at the exclusion of many primary health
benefits, such as visits to your general practitioner and treatments for acute
conditions.

See Passing Comment, page 9

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             January 6, 2014 Monday

Roads, Irrigation get maximum allocations in half year

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 06

LENGTH: 272  words


Construction of roads and rehabilitation of irrigation works got maximum
allocation of development funds in Punjab during the first half of fiscal year
2013-14.

Provincial Development Working Party (PDWP) approved an amount of Rs 53885.715
million for 38 schemes of Road Sector and Rs 51357.889 million for 11 schemes of
Irrigation Sector from July to December 2013, a spokesman for P&D told here on
Sunday.

He said that PDWP approved Rs 14679.572 million for four schemes of PPH Sector
and Rs 13475.929 million for 6 schemes of Urban Development Sector during the
period.

An amount of Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of Health Sector, an amount of
Rs 5501.858 million for 2 schemes of District Programme Sector and Rs 245.882
million for 5 schemes of Energy Sector.

An amount of Rs 4745.165 million for 4 schemes of Education Sector, Rs 210.987
million for scheme of TEVTA Sector, Rs 507.468 million for 2 schemes of Planning
and Development Sector, Rs 2827.950 million for 3 schemes of Literacy Sector, Rs
1428.311 million for scheme of Information Technology Sector were also include
in them.

He said that an amount of Rs 1773.108 million for 2 schemes of Youth Affairs
Sector, Rs 3.383 million for scheme of Archaeology Sector, Rs 60.00 million for
scheme of Information Culture Sector, Rs 672.202 million for scheme of Transport
Sector were also part of the approved schemes.

Funds of Rs 2 million for schemes of Forestry Sector, Rs 12.450 million for 2
schemes of Agriculture Sector, Rs 140.20 million for scheme of PPP Sector, Rs
671.416 million for 2 schemes of Public Buildings Sector were also approved by
PDWP during the period.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

July to December 2012: Punjab govt okays Rs 150bn development funds

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 353

LENGTH: 353  words


The Punjab government approved funds of Rs 150.15 billion for various
development sectors of the economy during July to December 2012 against the
total volume of development programme of Rs 210 billion.

According to half yearly report by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP)
2012-13 is Rs 210 billion out of which a sum of Rs 151,526.777 million has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of the 21 Development Sectors
of the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings held under the Chairmanship of
Javed Aslam Chairman P&D Board Punjab.

Provincial Development forum has approved funds amounting to Rs 2,645.805
million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, a sum of Rs 10,065.694
million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for two
schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven Schemes of health
sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and minerals
sector.

Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archaeology sector, Rs 1,513.544 million
for one scheme of youth affairs sector, sum of Rs 290.500 million for one scheme
of information and culture sector, Rs 1,693.183 million for three schemes of
special infrastructure sector.

Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11
schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544 million for two schemes of energy
sector, sum of Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes of public buildings
sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban development sector. Rs
460.529 million for one scheme of district programme worth Rs 1,594.986 million
for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs 42,730.719 million for 14
schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes of P&D sector
and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

Whereas one scheme of DERA sector a sum of Rs 2.331 million and one scheme
relating to consultancy sector worth Rs 1.200 million were also approved in the
PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

July to December 2012: Punjab govt okays Rs 150bn development funds

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 353

LENGTH: 353  words


The Punjab government approved funds of Rs 150.15 billion for various
development sectors of the economy during July to December 2012 against the
total volume of development programme of Rs 210 billion.

According to half yearly report by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP)
2012-13 is Rs 210 billion out of which a sum of Rs 151,526.777 million has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of the 21 Development Sectors
of the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings held under the Chairmanship of
Javed Aslam Chairman P&D Board Punjab.

Provincial Development forum has approved funds amounting to Rs 2,645.805
million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, a sum of Rs 10,065.694
million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for two
schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven Schemes of health
sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and minerals
sector.

Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archaeology sector, Rs 1,513.544 million
for one scheme of youth affairs sector, sum of Rs 290.500 million for one scheme
of information and culture sector, Rs 1,693.183 million for three schemes of
special infrastructure sector.

Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11
schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544 million for two schemes of energy
sector, sum of Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes of public buildings
sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban development sector. Rs
460.529 million for one scheme of district programme worth Rs 1,594.986 million
for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs 42,730.719 million for 14
schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes of P&D sector
and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

Whereas one scheme of DERA sector a sum of Rs 2.331 million and one scheme
relating to consultancy sector worth Rs 1.200 million were also approved in the
PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

July to December 2012: Punjab govt okays Rs 150bn development funds

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 353

LENGTH: 353  words


The Punjab government approved funds of Rs 150.15 billion for various
development sectors of the economy during July to December 2012 against the
total volume of development programme of Rs 210 billion.

According to half yearly report by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP)
2012-13 is Rs 210 billion out of which a sum of Rs 151,526.777 million has been
approved against the total 134 development schemes of the 21 Development Sectors
of the economy during the total 25 PDWP meetings held under the Chairmanship of
Javed Aslam Chairman P&D Board Punjab.

Provincial Development forum has approved funds amounting to Rs 2,645.805
million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, a sum of Rs 10,065.694
million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for two
schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven Schemes of health
sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and minerals
sector.

Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archaeology sector, Rs 1,513.544 million
for one scheme of youth affairs sector, sum of Rs 290.500 million for one scheme
of information and culture sector, Rs 1,693.183 million for three schemes of
special infrastructure sector.

Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11
schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544 million for two schemes of energy
sector, sum of Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes of public buildings
sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban development sector. Rs
460.529 million for one scheme of district programme worth Rs 1,594.986 million
for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs 42,730.719 million for 14
schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes of P&D sector
and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

Whereas one scheme of DERA sector a sum of Rs 2.331 million and one scheme
relating to consultancy sector worth Rs 1.200 million were also approved in the
PDWP meetings which were conducted by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily Champion (Lagos)

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Community Health Insurance Scheme Will Improve PHCs' Facilities -- Idris

LENGTH: 798  words


LAGOS State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Jide Idris has affirmed that the
adoption of the Community Based Health Insurance Scheme (CBHIS) will lead to the
improvement of primary health care centers' facilities in the state.

Idris made the affirmation during the week, at the Annual General Meeting of the
Ikosi-Isheri Mutual Health Insurance Scheme, while assuring members of the
community the state government's commitment and readiness to providing them with
quality health care service delivery at all times, though within the limit of
resources available .

According to him, despite the unrelenting effort of the state government in
providing affordable and accessible health care to the people, government alone
cannot fund healthcare, hence the need for citizens to augment government's
effort by buying into the health insurance scheme need not be over emphasized.

He said "government can only spend the resources available to it to address
competing challenges, and the provision of qualitative healthcare services is
just one of the major challenges confronting government. We also have to contend
with the issues of environment, education, infrastructure among others and Lagos
have a peculiar situation especially against the backdrop of a very high
population, this is why health insurance is very important in solving the
problem of healthcare financing".

The Commissioner pointed out that the community based health insurance scheme
does not necessarily leave the bills of healthcare financing solely on the
people because government assist in augmenting the premium paid by the people
and also provides direction for the survival of the scheme.

"When we were preparing for the scheme, we got people to study and cost the
types of health services we would provide and the amount the community would be
willing to pay. We agreed we will start with N800 for a family of six as the
Scheme was new and we wanted people to embrace it. I must tell you that with the
N800 being paid by a family of six, government is paying a minimum of N1,200
extra for each person to support and sustain the scheme," he noted.

He expressed happiness that the Ikosi-Isheri mutual health insurance plan had
continued to offer pre-paid primary health care services on a 24 hours basis to
enrolled members of the Isheri-Oke, Olowora and Magodo communities.

"We are using the Ikosi-Isheri community based health insurance scheme as a
study, so that we would know what we are doing wrong and what we are doing right
in ensuring that people own up to healthcare financing through insurance. The
feedback we have gotten from the scheme shows that though there are challenges
but people of the community have also shown positive response to the idea of the
scheme. If we get it right in Olowora, many communities would embrace the scheme
too", the Commissioner said.

The commissioner revealed that the state government was already in a dialogue
with other interested local governments and private groups who have shown
interest in the scheme ,adding that the scheme has also been introduced in
Ibeju-Lekki local government in March this year to cover Iberekodo and Awoyaya
communities.

He stated that government is determined to sustain and scale-up the scheme
through partnership with the scheme board of trustees, the Ikosi-Isheri local
council development (LCDA) area, the scheme provider and the people to address
the challenges that emanates from the operation of the Scheme in order to
greatly improve services.

Idris explained that the partnership entered into by the state government, the
LCDA, the scheme provider and the people was very crucial in ensuring the
survival and sustenance of the Scheme.

He urged the people to see the scheme as theirs and own up to it,stressing that
government's role is to provide financial and technical support and guidance on
the scheme's operations.

Earlier, the Chairman of Ikosi-Isheri mutual health insurance scheme board of
trustees, Mr. Kunle Solesi explained that the board has been confronted with
some challenges but noted that despite these challenges, health service delivery
in the community has greatly improved since the commencement of the Scheme.

"The era of coming back for essential drugs has gone, our women now deliver
safely and the waiting time to receive health care has been greatly reduced. By
our record, over 23,000 people at one time or the other have registered with the
Scheme but only 5000 are active members; that is those who renew their premium
regularly", he said.

He appealed to rich individuals within and outside the community to sponsor poor
families for the scheme, adding that assistance from donor bodies, individuals
and corporate organisation would help sustain the scheme and give opportunities
to poor families to part of the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday

Farm schemes to have states in lead role in XIIth plan

BYLINE: Devika Banerji

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 596 words


NEW DELHI: The agriculture ministry has decided to drastically reduce the number
of central schemes after it found that most of its schemes, barring a few like
the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna (RKVY), have become redundant.

The farm ministry thinks only 10 of the 51 existing schemes should be sufficient
to take care of the sector. The total outlay for agriculture schemes is 15,034
crore.

"It is true that many of our 51 schemes have overlapping objectives and are not
very useful," said a senior official in the agriculture ministry.

"We want to streamline all the schemes to around 10," he said.

The mainstay of agriculture development schemes would continue to be the RKVY
and a new variant of the scheme that will focus on infrastructure and
agriculture statistics.

The scheme, which currently has the highest allocation of 6,722 crore among all
other agriculture schemes, has greater acceptance among states as it provides
them with the flexibility to formulate state-specific strategies while being
administered from the centre.

The ministry has outlined the restructuring in a 'Proposals for Restructuring
and Streamlining Development Schemes for the Twelfth Plan' that has been
circulated for comments within the government.

It has said that development programmes often take the initiative away from the
states and also micro-manage agricultural development in the states.

The 10 focused and integrated schemes will provide "much wider choice and
flexibility to the states and districts," says the ministry.

These 10 schemes will follow the RKVY model. The outlay for RKVY, introduced in
2007, is given as an additional central assistance to states giving them full
control of the funds.

The Centre monitors the state initiatives which could span from agro climactic
conditions, natural resource issues, technology, livestock, poultry, fisheries,
land reforms, etc.

"RKVY has provided a new and flexible platform for routing assistance to states
and places the states in the driver's seat in terms of what is best for
agriculture in their respective areas," the ministry proposal to planning
commission notes.

"Many other schemes that we currently have can easily be merged in RKVY," added
the ministry official. The rest of the schemes, as suggested by the agriculture
ministry would be 7 mission mode programmes.

Given the vast scope of the scheme and its state-specific nature, more than a
third of money for agriculture programmes have gone into the scheme by the end
of the ongoing 11th plan (2006-12) and is expected to increase further in the
12th plan (2012-17).

"By the end of the 12th plan, half or even two thirds of the money will have to
go to RKVY. The role of other schemes will erode," said planning commission
member Abhijit Sen.

With the planning commission working to phase out centrally funded schemes in
favour of schemes which provide greater flexibility to states and have proved to
be more efficient, other ministries are also expected to follow suit.

Rationalising the number of schemes is an integral part of the approach to 12th
plan where the plan panel has to work with limited resources to generate optimal
results.

"We are undertaking this exercise to ensure that money is utilized in schemes
that work. It is common sense, as one size cannot fit all. We are working on
it," said another Planning Commission official. The commission has asked all
ministries to examine all their schemes and submit a proposal outlining possible
scrapping or streamlining of schemes conceptualized and funded by the central
government.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

How to ... manage your out-of-pocket medical expenses

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1821 words


Many members complain about their medical schemes because they expect their
scheme to cover their medical bills in full - particularly those for major
expenses. But when the bills come in, they find that, apart from their monthly
contribution, they have extra costs to pay.

There may be times when a medical expense is simply not covered by the scheme's
benefits, or you have run out of benefits and you have to pay it, or some of it,
yourself. But often the reason you face paying out of your own pocket is because
you are not well acquainted with the rules of the scheme and how to work within
the rules.

Here are a few reasons why you may find a gap in your cover - and a few ways in
which you can prevent or minimise those gaps.

MANAGING PMBs

Every medical scheme has to provide certain benefits known as the prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs). They cover all medical emergencies, about 270 listed
conditions which, if left untreated, would have a major impact on the quality of
your life, and 27 common chronic conditions.

To manage the costs of providing these benefits to members, schemes are allowed
to name particular healthcare providers (such as doctors, pharmacies and
hospitals), known as designated service providers. To enjoy the PMB cover you
must use these providers (except under exceptional circumstances such as an
emergency). Schemes negotiate favourable rates with these providers and in this
way can manage the costs of the PMBs.

Check with your doctor whether the condition you have is a PMB. If it is, find
out whether the scheme has appointed a designated provider or providers for your
condition.

In this way you can ensure that you are covered in full for the treatment you
receive for your condition.

Managed care protocols

In order to contain the costs of providing you with benefits, schemes may engage
with doctors and decide on the most cost-effective, best-practice treatment or
procedure for a particular condition and provide cover for that treatment only.

These decisions are referred to as managed care protocols. These protocols are
typically written by doctors for doctors and mean little to the man in the
street.

Your doctor should help you find out from the scheme what the scheme's relevant
protocols are before he or she embarks on a particular treatment.

Scheme protocols are usually based on what is accepted as the best practice by
the association or society representing the relevant medical discipline, and
your doctor should be aware of that practice.

If your doctor suggests treatment that differs from this best practice, he or
she should tell you as much, Alain Peddle, the head of research and development
at Discovery Health, says.

To protect yourself, you should ask your doctor if the treatment represents the
standard of care for your condition and what the doctor's experience of typical
medical scheme cover for it has been.

Peddle says one of the best ways to determine whether you will have cover for
the treatment is to get a "quote letter" from your doctor that outlines the
treatment or procedure using the relevant medical codes, known as ICD10 codes.
Then call your scheme and ask it to check if all the services listed are
covered, he says.

Alternatively, he suggests, your scheme may have a tool on its website to check
whether you are covered for a particular healthcare service or not.

Dr James Arens, the clinical operations director of Pro Sano Medical Scheme,
says it is not unreasonable to get a second option if you are uneasy about a
doctor's treatment plan, particularly for serious or expensive treatments.

Phoning your medical scheme for pre-authorisation for an in- hospital procedure
or for chronic medication will also help you to establish what your benefits are
and whether the scheme is likely to cover it.

Arens says you should personally make the call to your scheme to get
authorisation for hospitalisation - or any other service that requires it -
because you will get first-hand information on any disclaimers and exclusions
that can result in an out-of-pocket payment.

Medicine lists

As part of their managed care protocols, many schemes have formularies or lists
of cost-effective medicines for chronic conditions and even for other prescribed
medicines.

Typically, the formulary will list cheaper generic medicines and will exclude
newer, more expensive ones that have yet to be proved cost-effective for
treating a particular condition.

Before you start a particular course of medication, establish whether your
scheme has a formulary. If the medicine is on the scheme's formulary, you are
more likely to enjoy full cover. If your doctor prescribes a medicine that is
not on the formulary, check with him or her whether you can rather use one that
is.

If the doctor has sound medical reasons for prescribing medication not on the
formulary, or if you have tried the formulary medicine and it hasn't worked,
motivation for alternative treatment should be provided to the scheme and the
scheme will be obliged to consider this.

If the scheme's clinical experts and your doctor cannot agree on a suitable
treatment that the scheme will cover, you can to take the matter to the Council
for Medical Schemes and ask it to rule on the issue.

If you have a chronic condition you may be expected to register on your scheme's
disease management programme. The scheme may have such programmes for members
with Aids, asthma, cancer, diabetes, heart disease and hypertension.

These programmes are aimed at educating you about the nature of your disease and
equipping you to manage it in a way that keeps you as healthy as possible and
hence your claims as low as possible.

The rate at which benefits are covered

Different medical schemes and medical scheme options offer cover for healthcare
providers at different rates. These rates are based on a list of guideline
tariffs published by the Department of Health known as the Reference Price List
(RPL).

Some scheme options will pay your medical claims at the RPL rate (100 percent),
while others pay up to one-and-a-half times (150 percent), twice (200 percent)
or three times (300 percent) the RPL rate or a scheme rate based on the RPL.

Many doctors and other healthcare providers charge more than the RPL rates -
sometimes even more than 300 percent of RPL.

Using a doctor or provider who charges more than your scheme pays will result in
your having to pay part of the bill out of your own pocket. The exception to
this is in the case of an emergency procedure that is a PMB.

If you use doctors who charge rates higher than your scheme pays, especially for
specialised in-hospital procedures, the bills can be high.

To avoid this, if you are able to, negotiate the bill with the doctor before he
or she treats you. If he or she is not prepared to charge a lower rate, find out
whether another doctor will treat you for less.

Arens says you should get into the habit of negotiating discounts with
healthcare providers to get the most out of your benefits and, if you are able
to, offer to pay in cash in return for a discount and then claim back from your
scheme.

Genesis Medical Scheme covers its members at 300 percent of RPL. It says if its
members had been on schemes that paid out at 100 percent of RPL, their claims
for specialists could have been underpaid as follows:

u Only R24 495 for a birth by caesarean section that cost R32 293, leaving the
member with an out-of-pocket payment of R7 798.

u Only R112 714 for treatment following a heart attack, costing R132 813,
leaving the member with an out-of-pocket payment of R20 099.

u Only R101 429 of a bill of R143 288 for treating a member for head and back
injuries after a motor vehicle accident. The member would have had to pay R41
859.

Provider networks

If you join an option with a network, make sure you use the network providers
(hospitals, pharmacies, doctors, and so on) to avoid paying all or part of the
bill yourself.

On network options schemes use the collective power of their membership numbers
to negotiate tariffs with certain healthcare providers and offer a lower
contribution in return for restricting you to those providers. If you use others
(except in exceptional circumstances such as in an emergency), you will,
however, probably be faced with a payment gap.

Benefit limits and exclusions

Some schemes make use of benefit limits to contain the cost of the benefits you
enjoy. It can be difficult to avoid exceeding these limits if your medical needs
are high.

However, if the benefit limit is, for example, for visits to an optometrist and
glasses, you may be able to avoid exceeding the limit and having to pay out of
your own pocket by shopping around for good deals on an eye test and frames.

If the benefit limit is on doctor consultations, for example, and you are likely
to need many consultations, you can make the benefit last longer by finding a
suitable doctor charging the lowest possible rate.

A medicine benefit limit can be maximised by using cheaper generic medicines.
Your doctor or pharmacy should be able to advise you where you can make savings.

If, to contain the cost of your monthly contributions, you choose an option with
a limit on benefits lower than what you - or your family - really need, make
sure you set aside additional funds in some kind of savings plan. Some scheme
administrators offer savings plans for medical expenses.

Watch out for exclusions your scheme may have on cover. For example, it may
exclude cover for an organ transplant in a private hospital and offer cover for
this only in a state facility.

If you accept such an exclusion in order to keep your contributions affordable,
make sure you have the ability to move to a higher option on the same scheme
should the need for such a procedure arise. Although your scheme may allow you
to upgrade only at the end of year, you will then at least be able to access the
appropriate cover. If you try to move to another scheme, you may face a waiting
period when you are ill and need cover.

Most schemes will make ex gratia payments to deserving members, Arens says. Ask
your scheme for a copy of its ex gratia policy so you know when you can ask for
assistance, he says.

Co-payments and levies

Co-payments and levies can also be a source of payments you have to make out of
your pocket. The only way to avoid these is to choose an option with no
co-payments or levies. However, the reason you have chosen such an option may be
to keep your medical scheme contributions affordable.

Schemes impose co-payments on certain procedures or levies on, for example,
scripts for medication, to make you consider whether you really need the
procedure or the medication.

Co-payments imposed because you did not use your scheme's designated or
preferred provider can, however, be avoided.

l If your scheme option has a medical savings account, running out of funds can
also result in your having to dig deeper into your pocket. Next week we look at
making the most of savings accounts.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 7, 1987 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

SCHEMES SETTLED QUICKLY;
SUPERANNUATION

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER PAGE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 672 words


The development of industry superannuation schemes has progressed rapidly and
only a handful of major industry awards have yet to be settled.

The insurance companies handling industry schemes have become increasingly adept
at pricing tenders for the schemes and at managing them efficiently.

The companies usually split the administrative, group life insurance and
investment functions of the schemes. In most cases, the company that wins the
group life contract also manages the investment of the funds, at least in the
early stages of the scheme.

In the past couple of months, a series of additional schemes have been
successfully tendered for.

The National Mutual Life Association launched the Printing Industry
Superannuation Fund last week.

National Mutual has also launched a vehicle industry fund, VISTA, for which
Prudential Assurance handles the group life, and a health industry fund, HESTA.

Colonial Mutual Life through its subsidiary, Jacques Martin, pioneered the major
building industry scheme, BUS, in 1984 and followed this with AUST, the Allied
Unions Superannuation Trust.

Jacques Martin is negotiating the equivalents of these schemes for Queensland at
present, in line with the drafting of new State legislation to establish the
schemes there.

Recent additions to the schemes established by Jacques Martin include the
journalists scheme, JUST, the professional engineers fund sponsored by the APEA,
the liquor trade portable scheme, PLUS and the racing industry scheme, RIST.

Schemes are also being developed by Colonial Mutual, following the successful
tendering for contracts with the banking industry and with physiotherapists.

According to a spokesman for Colonial Mutual, the process of planning the
schemes has become a lot more sophisticated since the original BUS scheme.

In the early days, the company found that problems were associated with the
administration of the schemes that it had not realised existed.

"We now know everything that can happen and can cope with a multitude of plans,"
the spokesman said.

Colonial Mutual also has employed a Danish consultant to advise on developments
in superannuation design and how to improve the system.

Those industry schemes that have yet to be settled include certain sections of
the metal industry, entertainment, the pastoral industry, a major section of the
retail industry and some local government and Queensland and Tasmanian
Government public sectors.

Colonial Mutual is evaluating proposed schemes for the hospitality industry and
for the academic and general staff of universities and colleges.

Negotiations have been slower than expected in some of the remaining industries
such as the metal industry which, because it is decentralised, has not taken a
unified approach. Some sections have gone to the BUS scheme, others to ARF
(Australian Retirement Fund) and others to union upgrades.

This can be contrasted with the approach of other industries such as textiles,
for example, where the industry agreement was of a basket nature and the
vehicle, ARF, was then decided upon.

The ARF scheme includes textile, clothing, footwear and manufacturing
industries.

In the entertainment industry, slow progress is being made, according to the
ACTU. A company by company approach is being taken and pockets of agreement have
been established.

As the industry settlements have progressed, the pricing structure of the
schemes has become increasingly competitive.

The price structure is affected by various factors, including the volatility of
the industry and the extent to which casual or temporary workers feature in the
industry.

Schemes that are put out to the industry do so on a tender basis and initial
price is usually the determining factor. This is because the trustee has a
minimal interest in whether or not the administrator can operate the scheme
profitably.

In some industries, including in particular the scheme for the insurance
industry itself, competitors have undercut each other to get the contract, and
the actual cost might be expected to rise in later years.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1987 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

Legal action initiated against 109 illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1408  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Lahore Development Authority (LDA)
has initiated necessary legal action against 109 illegal
housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975).
     LDA sources told media on Sunday that people have been
warned to restrain themselves in sale and purchase of property
in these schemes.
     LDA has informed that under the provisions of Lahore
Development Authority Act 1975;


1. Except Lahore Development Authority, no other Authority or
Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration
or any local body or any other government agency is authorized
to approve any private housing scheme/ land sub-divisions in
Lahore Division after 19.09.2013.
2.   Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions
are not allowed to develop the scheme without approval of
Lahore Development Authority.
3.  Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or
project prior to formal approval by the Lahore Development
Authority and after the approval of the scheme / land sub-
division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme
without getting a no objection certificate from the Lahore
Development Authority.
4. Launching/ development of scheme without approval of Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without
obtaining NOC from the Lahore Development Authority are
illegal actions and are punishable under Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975.
5.   As per received record from TMA and field reports,
following 109 housing schemes / land sub-divisions are found
illegal against which LDA has initiated necessary legal action
under LDA Act-(1975).
    List of Illegal Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions in Lahore
with name of Scheme and Location/ Area are as follow
New Kashmir Park  (PuranaKahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore), Madni Garden (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off
Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Madni Garden Extension (Purana Kahna,
Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore), Scheme Adjacent to
Madhey Shah Village Near (Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore), Saleem Garden Near (Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,
Lahore),  Aftab Garden Near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza
Bagrian Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza Bagrian Dharam
Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al Haram Garden), Aziz Colony
Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate
Near (Elite Town, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens
(3-km off Butherkhana Distributary, Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah
HS   Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore),
New Gulshan -e-Lahore Opposite (Subhan  Garden, Off Ferozpur
Road), Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore),
Gulberg Park Housing Scheme   (Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road,
Lahore),  Al-Haram Garden HS  Near (Madhey  Shah village, Off
Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza
Jia Bhaga), Abdullah Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind,
Lahore), Sabir Estate-II Near (Grand Avenue, 28-km Ferozpur
Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah village,
Off Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme
(Butherkhana Distributary, Lahore), Badar Colony  (Mouza Thai
Panju, Lahore), Bilal Town (Butcher khana Distributary,
Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna katcha, Ferozpur Road, Lahore),
Faisal town (Mouza Thai Panju , Lahore), Akhter Abad Housing
Scheme (Purana Kahna, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore),  BRoadway
Commercial Area / Sub-Division Near (Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence
Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated near
(Gajumata Stop, 21 km Ferozpur Road), Vital Premium Housing
Scheme situated adjacent to grave yard of (Block E, Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road), Vital DD Housing Scheme
situated opposite to (Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozpur
Road), Vital EE Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (Shadab
Colony, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Vital FF Housing Scheme
situated adjacent to (block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme situated
adjacent to (Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town
Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II, situated at
Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses situated adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore,  Ideal Garden
Situated adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Geelani Homes Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park
Phase-I illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III,
situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park Phase-II
illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated
at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Waheed Brothers Colony situated
adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore,
Hajvery Gardens situated adjacent to Caltex petrol pump Near Royal Residencia,
Defense Road, Lahore, Green Park Housing Scheme illegal
extension of Green cap Housing Scheme, situated at Gajjumata
Stop, Ferozpur Road, Iqbal Park situated near Gawala Colony,
Off Chandrai Road, Lahore, Anwar Town situated near Kahna
Stop, Defence Road, Lahore, Sadat Colony situated near Gawala
Colony, Mouza Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore, Faisal Town
Phase-II  Situated near KahnaKacha Stop, Off Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme situated opposite
Sabzi Mandi, adjacent to Allahu Industrial State, Kacha Road,
Lahore, Madina Town Situated near ZewarShadi Hall, Hudaira
Drain, Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Madina Avenue  Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Rehan Garden Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Pearl Garden
Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Punjab park phase III Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Arshad  Garden   UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden UBD Canal
Nazir Garden   UBD Canal, IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens UBD Canal,  Scholar University Town  UBD Canal
Hafiz  Town Multan Road, Pak Town  Multan Road, LDA
Employees Multan Road, Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl
Illegal extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Tayyab Town College Road, Feroze Park
College Road, Sharif Park Phase I  College Road,  Sharif Park
Phase II  College Road, Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park
College Road, Al Madina Garden, College Road, Illegal land
sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Heaven Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,
Mahnoor Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-
Ferdosi Road, Islam Park Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes  Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,
Mustafa Town, Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, illegal
sub-division adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme Raiwind Road
Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road, Tufail Garden  G.T Road, Ali Alam
Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden Canal Road, Rizwan Garden
Canal Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road,
Al Khair Garden, Taij Garh, Roar G.T Road, Lahore
Ghous Garden Ph 2 Bagh Wali Puli Road, G.T. Road, Lahore
Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Lahore, Al Hassan
Town Bagh Wali Puli Road, G.T. Road, Lahore, Garrision Garden
Ph-III Taij Garh, Roar G.T Road, Lahore, Rehmat Town G.T Road
Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town  G.T
Road, Amir Town canal Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-
Division  adjacent To Al-Karam City, Manga Mandi, Multan Road
Aqil Garden Opposite To Al-Karam City Manga Mandi, Multan Road
Housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model High School
And Opposite To KesaMintoo Marriage Hall, Raiwind Bypass Road,
Teachers Colony Opposite to VIP Marriage Hall, Raiwind By Pass
Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme (Heaven Villas) Opposite Kesa
Minto Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division   Near Khalis Fiber Mill Off
Raiwind Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near
Hashmat School Sundar Raiwind Road, Raiwind
Gulberg Town   Adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass
Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near Tameer-E-Serat
School And Opposite To Madina Town Raiwind Bypass Road,
Raiwind and Sub-Division at Mall Chowk  At AddaMal, Sundar
Raiwind Road.
     All prospective buyers of plots in any of above mention
Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions have been advised not to
purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land
sub-division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority.
     They have further been advised to get information about
the legality of the housing scheme / land sub-division and
status of plot(s) from Lahore Development Authority.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

347 housing schemes in Lahore Division illegal

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 263

LENGTH: 602  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has informed that a total of 347 private
housing schemes situated in the districts of Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana Sahib
and Kasur of Lahore Division were illegal, including 98 situated in the
provincial metropolis.

Prospective buyers of plots in private housing schemes/ land subdivisions have
been advised not to purchase property in any of these schemes, until the scheme/
land subdivision has been approved by the LDA. They had also been advised to get
information about the legality of the scheme from LDA.

In Lahore, as many as 69 illegal schemes were located in the jurisdiction of TMA
Nishtar Town, 14 were in Wagha Town, 10 in Iqbal Town while five were in Aziz
Bhatti Town.

The 69 schemes in Nishtar Town were Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town ,
Badar Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani ParkI, Gillani
ParkII, Green Cap H/S, Iqbal Park, AlMadina Town H/S ,GulshaneAmin, Haji Amanat
Ali Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, KoheNoor H/S, Malik Park, Mian
Qasim Estate, Sadaat Colony,  Waheed Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali
Shah, Heaven Homes, Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime
Homes), Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park , Nasir
Colony ,Park View Villas, SubDivision adjacent to T&amp;T H/S, Villas Adjacent
to Aabpara H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing
Scheme, 1384 K Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park
Housing Scheme, AlRehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony, Elite Town,
Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir EstateII Housing
Scheme, Madina View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme, Akhtarabad
H/S,AlHaram Gardens ,Aziz Colony, Bilal Town,Faisal Town,Faisal Town Ph.II,
Gulberg Park, Indus Estate  ,Lahore Garden, New GulshaneLahore, Olympic Village
, Roshan Town , Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina
Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town were Shareef Park, Hakim Town,
Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, AlMadina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam
Garden, Tufail Garden, Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme
Phase I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden
Phase III.

The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town were Abdullah Town, Amna Park, Hafiz Town,
Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town, Rana Town,
Doctor Society and Sub Division adjacent to Sultan Town.

The names of five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town were Hajeri, Mian Aziz
Garden, Paragon City/ Imperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

Lahore Development Authority has informed that under the LDA Act 1975, except
LDA, no other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal
Administration or any local body or any other Government Agency was authorized
to approve any private housing scheme/ land subdivisions in Lahore Division
after 19.09.2013. Any approval granted by any other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other
Government Agency in Lahore Division, after 19.09.2013, was not valid and
lawful.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land subdivisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without LDA approval.

Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal
approval by LDA.

Launching/ development of scheme without approval of LDA and publication of
advertisement without obtaining NOC are illegal actions and are punishable under
LDA Act 1975.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

347 housing schemes in Lahore Division illegal

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Lahore Development Authority
(LDA) has informed that a total of 347 private housing schemes
situated in the districts of Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana
Sahib and Kasur of Lahore Division were illegal, including
98 situated in the provincial metropolis.


    Prospective buyers of plots in private housing schemes/
land sub-divisions have been advised not to purchase property
in any of these schemes, until the scheme/ land sub-division
has been approved by the LDA. They had also been advised to
get information about the legality of the scheme from LDA.
    In Lahore, as many as 69 illegal schemes were located in
the jurisdiction of TMA Nishtar Town, 14 were in Wagha Town,
10 in Iqbal Town while five were in Aziz Bhatti Town.
    The 69 schemes in Nishtar Town were Alam Residency, Vital
Premium, Anwar Town , Badar Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses,
Gillani Homes, Gillani Park-I, Gillani Park-II, Green Cap H/S,
Iqbal Park, Al-Madina Town H/S ,Gulshan-e-Amin, Haji Amanat
Ali Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, Koh-e-Noor H/S,
Malik Park, Mian Qasim Estate, Sadaat Colony,  Waheed
Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah, Heaven Homes,
Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime Homes),
Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park
, Nasir Colony ,Park View Villas, Sub-Division adjacent to T&T
H/S, Villas Adjacent to Abpara H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa
Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing Scheme, 1384 K Housing
Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing
Scheme, Al-Rehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony,
Elite Town, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing
Scheme, Sabir Estate-II Housing Scheme, Madina View Housing
Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme, Akhtarabad H/S,Al-
Haram Gardens ,Aziz Colony, Bilal Town,Faisal Town,Faisal Town
Ph.II, Gulberg Park, Indus Estate  ,Lahore Garden, New
Gulshan-e-Lahore, Olympic Village , Roshan Town , Subhan
Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina
Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.
    The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town were Shareef
Park, Hakim Town, Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, Al-
Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam Garden, Tufail Garden,
Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase
I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and
Garrison Garden Phase III.
    The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town were Abdullah Town,
Amna Park, Hafiz Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing
Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town, Rana Town, Doctor Society
andSub- Division adjacent to Sultan Town.
    The names of five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town were
Hajeri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon City/ Emperial Homes, IBL
Homes and Arshad Garden.
    Lahore Development Authority has informed that under the
LDA Act 1975, except LDA, no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local
body or any other Government Agency was authorized to approve
any private housing scheme/ land sub-divisions in Lahore
Division after 19.09.2013. Any approval granted by any other
Authority or Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal
Administration or any local body or any other Government
Agency in Lahore Division, after 19.09.2013, was not valid and
lawful.
    Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions
were not allowed to develop the scheme without LDA approval.
    Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or
project prior to formal approval by LDA.
    Launching/ development of scheme without approval of LDA
and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC are
illegal actions and are punishable under LDA Act 1975.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

[Cabinet Decisions] 02.08.2014

LENGTH: 1583 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 2 -- Asia Pacific Forum on sustainable development in Thailand -
A delegation led by Senior Minister for Scientific Affairs Prof. Tissa Vitarana
attended the above meeting held in Thailand. The aim of the forum was to reach
global agreement on a strong post - 2015 development agenda that builds on the
foundation laid by the Millennium Development Goals. The forum had provided a
platform for consultation at regional level among government, business and civil
society representatives from over 32 member states and other relevant
stakeholders representing UN Agencies.

MoU between Maldives and Sri Lanka on Health Sector Development - The proposals
made by Health Minister Maithripala Sirisena to enter into the above Memorandum
of Understanding for the following, were approved by the Cabinet.

* To assist the government of Maldives to enhance its human resource capacity in
health and also for the procurement of pharmaceuticals and medical devices.

* To extend co-operation in the healthcare sector by implementing training
programmes in Sri Lanka for Nurses and healthcare workers of Maldives.

Jana Sevana National Housing and Settlement Development Drive -

Commencement of housing scheme with local investors, Pallekele watta, Pallekele
in Kundasale Divisional Secretary's Division - The National Housing Development
Authority has planned to commence housing projects in the lands belonging to the
Authority, under the Jana Sevana National Housing and Settlement Development
Drive with local private investors, with the aim of providing houses to the
people who currently do not own houses. The Pallekelewatta Housing Scheme at
Kundasale has been designed to be implemented accordingly. The proposal made by
Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and Common Amenities Minister Wimal
Weerawansa to proceed with the relevant activities was approved by the Cabinet.

Development of infrastructure facilities in Southern Province parallel to Deyata
Kirula - The proposal made by Transport Services Minister R.M.C. Rathnayake to
construct the following bus stands at a total cost of Rs. 85 m in the Galle,
Matara and Hambantota Districts parallel to the Deyata Kirula Development
Programme 2015 was approved by the Cabinet.

* Galle District - Habaraduwa bus stand.

* Matara District - Akuressa bus stand.

* Hambantota District - Lunugamvehera bus stand.

* Hambantota District - Walasmulla bus stand.

Establishment of new botanical garden and improvement of facilities at existing
botanic gardens with view to developing Tourism Industry - It has been observed
that there is a considerable increase in the number of foreign and local
tourists visiting the botanical gardens in Sri Lanka and the revenue generated
in 2013 had been Rs. 416.5 m. For the first five months of 2014 the income has
been Rs. 219.8 m. The proposal made by Botanical Gardens and Public Recreation
Minister Jayaratne Herath to proceed with the relevant activities of the
following was approved by the Cabinet.

* Activities relating to the new Wet Zone Botanical Garden at Avissawella due to
be opened in September 2014.

* To develop the remaining land area under the Second Phase of the Mirijjawila
Botanical Garden in Hambantota.

* Relevant activities at the Hakgala Botanical Garden.

Kelaniya grid substation augmentation under un-utilized funds available from ADE
Loans 2518/2519 (SF) SRI (Clean Energy and Access Improvement Project) - The
proposal made by Power and Energy Minister Pavithra Wanniarachchi to award the
above tender to the lowest evaluated bidder as recommended by the Standing
Cabinet Appointed Procurement Committee (SCAPC) was approved by the Cabinet.
Cabinet also noted that no appeals have been received from the unsuccessful
bidders.

Repairs of exhaust stack at Sapugaskanda power station - The proposal made by
Power and Energy Minister Pavithra Wanniarachchi to award the above tender as
recommended by the Standing Cabinet Appointed Procurement Committee (SCAPC) was
approved by the Cabinet. Cabinet also noted that no appeals have been received
from the unsuccessful bidders.

Nagamu Purawara -

Modernization of multi-storied housing schemes and infrastructure facilities -

The proposals made by Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and Common
Amenities Minister Wimal Weerawansa to carry out modernization activities of the
following multi-storied housing schemes of the Condominium Management Authority
and the National Housing Development Authority under the Nagamu Purawara - 2014
utilizing funds to be provided by the General Treasury was approved by the
Cabinet.

(i) Modernization of nine housing schemes at a cost of Rs. 122.1 m. Contract to
be awarded to the State Development and Construction Corporation.

* Sir James Peiris Mawatha Housing Scheme.

* Ketawalamulla Housing Scheme, Colombo 8.

* Mallikarama Housing Scheme, Colombo 9.

* Jayawadanagama Housing Scheme, Battaramulla.

* Idaiwatta Housing Scheme, Moratuwa.

* Elapitiwala Housing Scheme, Ragama.

* Danister De Silva Mawatha Housing Scheme, Colombo 9.

*Jayagathpura Housing Scheme, Moratuwa.

* Goodwill watta National Housing Scheme, Moratuwa.

(ii) Modernization of 18 housing schemes at a cost of Rs. 620 m. Contract to be
awarded to the State Engineering Corporation.

* Himbutu Uyana Housing Scheme, Mulleriyawa.

* Simondale Housing Scheme, Piliyandala.

* Elapitiwala Housing Scheme, Ragama.

* Chitra Lane Housing Scheme, Narahenpita, Colombo 5.

* Maligawatta Railway Employees' Housing Scheme, Colombo 10.

* Dias Place Housing Scheme, Pettah, Colombo 12.

* Kammalwatta Housing Scheme, Maradana, Colombo 10.

* Mattegoda Housing Scheme, Kottawa.

* Pamankada Housing Scheme, Kirulapone, Colombo 5.

* Torrington Low Income Earners' Housing Scheme, Narahenpita, Colombo 7.

* Manning Town, Matha Road Housing Scheme, Narahenpita, Colombo 5.

* Gothami Road Housing Scheme, Borella, Colombo 8.

* Albion Street Housing Scheme (Bogahawatta Flats).

* Siddharthapura Housing Scheme, Kirulapana, Colombo 6.

* Piyarsaibu Housing Scheme, Aluthkade, Colombo 12.

* Ratmalana Electorate 20 Houses, Ratmalana.

* Nawaloka Flats KJ Aluthkade, Colombo 12.

* Baseline Road Housing Scheme, Dematagoda.

Completion of remaining works of Construction of District Secretariat Building
Complex, Colombo - The proposal made by Public Administration and Home Affairs
Minister W.D.J. Seneviratne to proceed with the relevant activities for the
completion of the construction work of the remaining 14 stories of the relevant
building was approved by the Cabinet.

Establishment of National Child Counselling Center and National Safe Home under
National Child Protection Authority - The proposal made by Child Development and
Women's Affairs Minister Tissa Karalliyadde to set up a National Child
Counselling Center and a National Safe Home under the National Child Protection
Authority and to proceed with the relevant activities, with the view to
providing accommodation to victims of child abuse and other forms of violence
until the completion of legal proceedings and also to provide counselling for
such victims was approved by the Cabinet.

Provision and installation of electro-mechanical equipment for augmentation of
Common Waste Water Treatment Plant (CWWTP) of Katunayake Export Processing Zone
- Having considered the enhancement of activities of the existing industries
within the Katunayake Export Processing Zone due to expansion of operations of
existing industries and setting up of new industries, it has been proposed to
augment the Common Waste Water Treatment Plant of the Katunayake Export
Processing Zone to meet the current and future demands pertaining to the
treatment of waste water generated from industries. The proposal made by
Investment Promotion Minister Lakshman Yapa Abeywardena to award the above
tender as recommended by the Cabinet Appointed Procurement Committee (CAPC), was
approved by the Cabinet. Cabinet also noted that no appeals have been received
from the unsuccessful bidders.

Development of Kantale, Hingurana, Sevanagala and Pelwatta Sugar Industries -
Cabinet considered the proposals submitted by Sugar Industry Development
Minister Lakshman Seneviratne on the recommendations of the official committee
appointed by the Cabinet to make recommendations for the rehabilitation of the
above four sugar industries with the view to increasing local production upto
40% of the annual sugar requirement of the country by 2020. Some of the salient
features of the proposals are as follows:

* 27,567 hectares of land belonging to Kantale, Hingurana, Sevanagala and
Pelwatta Sugar Industries will be leased out for a period of 99 years to Lanka
Sugar Co. (Pvt.) Ltd., which is a 100% government owned company, to increase its
equity capital enabling it to obtain the required financial facilities for the
development of the above four industries.

* Kantale Sugar Industry will be developed and modernized with the assistance of
the Czech Republic.

* Blocks of land will be allocated to farmers for sugarcane cultivation by
entering into contracts with the said farmers for the purchase of sugarcane.
Priority will be given to farmers who are already engaged in sugarcane
cultivation and farmers who are residents of the districts where the relevant
lands are situated. The proposals contained in the above report were approved by
the Cabinet.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Many depts used zero out of millions of rupees funds

BYLINE:  JAVED IQBAL

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 264

LENGTH: 1050  words


While most of the departments always complain that they are not allocated
adequate funds to  meet their requirements, there are about two dozen others
which failed to spend the money which was at their disposal, TheNation has
learnt.

Surprisingly, the utilisation of the School Education department funds Rs 1875m
remained almost nil against provision of missing facilities in schools till
September.

Health, Environment, School and Higher Education and Tourism departments are
among those that could not show good performance regarding utility of the funds
for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013-14, as per Planning and Development
Board (P&D) report.

Sources in the P&D board disclosed that 55 development schemes were declared as
unsatisfactory while 23 schemes were not given development funds. The annual
development funds for the current fiscal year are Rs 240 billion.

For the first quarter of the year, about Rs30.57 billion were released for the
first quarter that also included foreign aided releases. Only Rs 11 billion
(36pc) stood utilised. Rs22 billion have been released for the second quarter.
Some departments including Health and Education were failed to achieve MDGs and
P&D Chairman observed that serious efforts should be made in this regard.

Sources said that there were 55 slow moving schemes in Health Department. The
Finance Department released no funds for 23 schemes and the Health Department
could not approve 13 schemes.

The School Education Department (SED) could use only Rs one million out of
Rs1910 million released and thus was far below the envisaged target of 25pc for
1st quarter. The SED has enrolled 3.6 million students during current year and
additional 30,000 class rooms were required but the department could do nothing
to provide missing facilities in the existing infrastructure.  As far as Higher
Education department is concerned, it utilised Rs224m out of Rs1068m released by
the Finance department, the report said. There were more than 50 slow moving
schemes and surprisingly 31 schemes have zero utilisation of funds while five
schemes are still un-approved.

Special Education Department also utilised zero fund against released of Rs128m,
the report said. Eight schemes of the department are still un-approved. The
department wanted to drop a schemes titled "Construction of Building of Teachers
Training College for Hearing Impaired, Visually Impaired & In-service Teachers
Training College for the Disabled" due to non-availability of land and funds.

The Literacy and NFB Education utilised Rs 217m out of Rs268m release and the
department has only one scheme unapproved that is Punjab Literacy Movement
Project. Sports department utilised Rs57m out of Rs 228m released. Seven schemes
have zero utilisation while 11 remained slow moving.  In Water Supply &
Sanitation (WATSAN) Sector, the funds released amounting to Rs 1390m. No funds
were released against 31 schemes. The Sector could not achieve MDG in rural
areas.

It was also noted that in Urban Development sector Rs 13822 million were
allocated for 20 ongoing schemes and 11 new projects of WASAs and for other such
schemes. The FD released only Rs108m against proposed Rs 324m for executing
schemes in five big cities.

In Irrigation sector 18 are slow moving schemes and 12 schemes have zero
utilisation. There are three slow moving schemes and very slow progress of
foreign aid funded projects namely "Renewable Energy Development Sector
Investment Programme" and Provision of Solar Panels to the households below the
poverty line.

The overall progress of IT Sector also remained slow at 8pc. Two IT schemes
remained un-approved till end of September. The report about the Transport
Sector told about unapproved schemes regarding land acquisition for Multi Modal
Bus Terminal at Ferozepur Road, Feasibility Study for Intelligent Transport
System Major Cities of Punjab and Land acquisition for vehicle inspection and
certification system.

The zero-utilisation for schemes in the Labor & Human Resource sector like
establishment of Labor Market Information & Resource Center, Elimination of
bonded labour in four districts was also considered. The Mines and Minerals
department showed zero utilisation in schemes like Establishment of Mines Labor
Welfare Girls School Sillanwali, Strengthening of Mines Survey Institute Makewal
and Mines Labor Boys School Makewal. Unapproved schemes in Industries and
Commerce sector like establishment of Industrial Estate, establishment of Retail
Parks cum Outlets for Local handicrafts on Main Highways were also reported.
While Environment sector out of Rs 3.4m to ongoing scheme titled "Creation of
Legal Cell to Improve Service delivery" showed zero utilisation.

A scheme regarding provision of mission facilities to the EPA field officers is
still un-approved, the report highlighted. Rs 4.430m were released to
Information & Culture sector the FD did not release the funds. The Archeology
department approved only two schemes out of six. Tevta utilised only Rs2 m out
of Rs 450m released. Social Welfare department approved no scheme and blamed C&W
department for not providing estimates of schemes like Old Age Home Lahore.

It was reported that a summary may be initiated for selection criteria of
Tehsils for establishment of Emergency Service. The Wildlife sector's
performance remained 19pc. The progress on Water Resource Development through
construction of 400 Mini Dams" also remained 13pc, the report said. The
expenditure on Cholistan Development Authority was also slow. It was also noted
that no new scheme against the allocated amount of Rs66m was submitted in Local
Government department. Only 18 schemes stood approved out of 321 schemes for
elimination of ponds from major villages. It was also noted that out of Rs 1000m
released for public graveyards nothing was utilized. The CDG Gujranwala could
not speed up the work against Rs 20.7 m for solid waste management and
Bahawalpur district government could not pace up work on Parks and Horticulture
schemes and Engineering laboratory in the district.

The P&D board meeting further noted that the Finance department and AG Office
were also responsible for slow utilisation of funds. The C&W department shall
discuss slow moving schemes with FWO and NLC and get the pace of work
accelerated.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Many depts used zero out of millions of rupees funds

BYLINE:  JAVED IQBAL

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 264

LENGTH: 1050  words


While most of the departments always complain that they are not allocated
adequate funds to  meet their requirements, there are about two dozen others
which failed to spend the money which was at their disposal, TheNation has
learnt.

Surprisingly, the utilisation of the School Education department funds Rs 1875m
remained almost nil against provision of missing facilities in schools till
September.

Health, Environment, School and Higher Education and Tourism departments are
among those that could not show good performance regarding utility of the funds
for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013-14, as per Planning and Development
Board (P&D) report.

Sources in the P&D board disclosed that 55 development schemes were declared as
unsatisfactory while 23 schemes were not given development funds. The annual
development funds for the current fiscal year are Rs 240 billion.

For the first quarter of the year, about Rs30.57 billion were released for the
first quarter that also included foreign aided releases. Only Rs 11 billion
(36pc) stood utilised. Rs22 billion have been released for the second quarter.
Some departments including Health and Education were failed to achieve MDGs and
P&D Chairman observed that serious efforts should be made in this regard.

Sources said that there were 55 slow moving schemes in Health Department. The
Finance Department released no funds for 23 schemes and the Health Department
could not approve 13 schemes.

The School Education Department (SED) could use only Rs one million out of
Rs1910 million released and thus was far below the envisaged target of 25pc for
1st quarter. The SED has enrolled 3.6 million students during current year and
additional 30,000 class rooms were required but the department could do nothing
to provide missing facilities in the existing infrastructure.  As far as Higher
Education department is concerned, it utilised Rs224m out of Rs1068m released by
the Finance department, the report said. There were more than 50 slow moving
schemes and surprisingly 31 schemes have zero utilisation of funds while five
schemes are still un-approved.

Special Education Department also utilised zero fund against released of Rs128m,
the report said. Eight schemes of the department are still un-approved. The
department wanted to drop a schemes titled "Construction of Building of Teachers
Training College for Hearing Impaired, Visually Impaired & In-service Teachers
Training College for the Disabled" due to non-availability of land and funds.

The Literacy and NFB Education utilised Rs 217m out of Rs268m release and the
department has only one scheme unapproved that is Punjab Literacy Movement
Project. Sports department utilised Rs57m out of Rs 228m released. Seven schemes
have zero utilisation while 11 remained slow moving.  In Water Supply &
Sanitation (WATSAN) Sector, the funds released amounting to Rs 1390m. No funds
were released against 31 schemes. The Sector could not achieve MDG in rural
areas.

It was also noted that in Urban Development sector Rs 13822 million were
allocated for 20 ongoing schemes and 11 new projects of WASAs and for other such
schemes. The FD released only Rs108m against proposed Rs 324m for executing
schemes in five big cities.

In Irrigation sector 18 are slow moving schemes and 12 schemes have zero
utilisation. There are three slow moving schemes and very slow progress of
foreign aid funded projects namely "Renewable Energy Development Sector
Investment Programme" and Provision of Solar Panels to the households below the
poverty line.

The overall progress of IT Sector also remained slow at 8pc. Two IT schemes
remained un-approved till end of September. The report about the Transport
Sector told about unapproved schemes regarding land acquisition for Multi Modal
Bus Terminal at Ferozepur Road, Feasibility Study for Intelligent Transport
System Major Cities of Punjab and Land acquisition for vehicle inspection and
certification system.

The zero-utilisation for schemes in the Labor & Human Resource sector like
establishment of Labor Market Information & Resource Center, Elimination of
bonded labour in four districts was also considered. The Mines and Minerals
department showed zero utilisation in schemes like Establishment of Mines Labor
Welfare Girls School Sillanwali, Strengthening of Mines Survey Institute Makewal
and Mines Labor Boys School Makewal. Unapproved schemes in Industries and
Commerce sector like establishment of Industrial Estate, establishment of Retail
Parks cum Outlets for Local handicrafts on Main Highways were also reported.
While Environment sector out of Rs 3.4m to ongoing scheme titled "Creation of
Legal Cell to Improve Service delivery" showed zero utilisation.

A scheme regarding provision of mission facilities to the EPA field officers is
still un-approved, the report highlighted. Rs 4.430m were released to
Information & Culture sector the FD did not release the funds. The Archeology
department approved only two schemes out of six. Tevta utilised only Rs2 m out
of Rs 450m released. Social Welfare department approved no scheme and blamed C&W
department for not providing estimates of schemes like Old Age Home Lahore.

It was reported that a summary may be initiated for selection criteria of
Tehsils for establishment of Emergency Service. The Wildlife sector's
performance remained 19pc. The progress on Water Resource Development through
construction of 400 Mini Dams" also remained 13pc, the report said. The
expenditure on Cholistan Development Authority was also slow. It was also noted
that no new scheme against the allocated amount of Rs66m was submitted in Local
Government department. Only 18 schemes stood approved out of 321 schemes for
elimination of ponds from major villages. It was also noted that out of Rs 1000m
released for public graveyards nothing was utilized. The CDG Gujranwala could
not speed up the work against Rs 20.7 m for solid waste management and
Bahawalpur district government could not pace up work on Parks and Horticulture
schemes and Engineering laboratory in the district.

The P&D board meeting further noted that the Finance department and AG Office
were also responsible for slow utilisation of funds. The C&W department shall
discuss slow moving schemes with FWO and NLC and get the pace of work
accelerated.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday
                                Surveys Edition

Members need to have a 'positive experience'

BYLINE: Andrew Gillingham

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 554  words


Members need to have a 'positive experience'

MANY medical schemes in SA have become complacent and will need to become much
more agile and innovative if they are to remain sustainable.

Dr Johan Pretorius, CEO of Universal Healthcare, says: & There are many open as
well as closed medical schemes that are no longer providing their members with
the kind of responsive services needed to keep them happy.

& Times are tough and members want to see that their scheme is providing them
with meaningful value at all times.& He says even closed medical schemes that
have become used to a & captive& membership base can no longer afford to rest on
their laurels, as scheme members are becoming restless.

Members are complaining that schemes are offering them sluggish or even poor
service and are not communicating with them effectively.

Some schemes have impressive loyalty programmes but do not offer good value when
it comes to their benefits and Pretorius says as households and individuals come
under increasing financial pressure this is all going to have to change.

& Those in the 18 to 34 age group who tend to be the healthiest need to be paid
particularly close attention by schemes,& says Pretorius.

& They are generally low claimers and are effectively subsidising older members
who claim more from their schemes. Some of these younger members often move
schemes and are looking for a reason to retain their medical scheme cover,& he
adds.

He says it is critical that schemes provide value to their members. To do this
they need to understand what it is that their particular membership is looking
for, in effect making research essential.

For example, younger members appreciate a loyalty programme that can assist them
to stay fit and healthy and provide a range of other benefits while older
members tend to appreciate solid benefits.

& Members want to know that their scheme is totally focused on their needs and
that the scheme will be there in their hour of greatest need.

& Sometimes it is forgotten that schemes essentially exist to provide healthcare
cover to their members. Medical scheme options should be offering maximum value
and the best possible bang for their members' buck,& says Pretorius.

Members want to have a hassle free, positive experience with their scheme every
time they deal with it.

This means that every scheme needs to be able to offer a seamless, user-friendly
service that can deal with claims quickly and efficiently.

& Medical schemes also need to communicate in a way members can relate to and
understand. Communications should help members to understand their benefits and
to feel like they all have a stake in their scheme. As far as possible,
communications with members should be fun, which is particularly important for
younger members.& He believes many members have the impression that schemes are
trying to do them out of their benefits. Unfortunately this is a commonly held
perception and one that the industry as a whole, as well as each individual
scheme, needs to take urgent steps to address.

& We need to invest more in members to remove any barriers that exist for them
to access their benefits and communicate with their scheme effectively. This is
the only way schemes will be able to weather the stormy waters that lie ahead.&
Dr Johan Pretorius ... remove any barriers that exist.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           November 19, 2009 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Pensions lifeboat cannot be used before ship sinks;
Law Report

BYLINE: Chancery Division

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 83

LENGTH: 1014 words


Chancery Division Published November 19, 2009 Indpendent Trustee Services Ltd v
Hope and Others Before Mr Justice Henderson Judgment November 10, 2009 As a
matter of law, the existence of the Pension Protection Fund was not a factor
that trustees of a pension scheme could legitimately take into account in the
exercise of a power to buy out scheme benefits.

Mr Justice Henderson so held in the Chancery Division, when responding to an
application for directions from Independent Trustee Services Ltd, trustee of
Ilford Imaging UK Ltd's occupational pension scheme, might properly purchase
annuities for scheme members, in exercise of a power to buy out benefits
conferred by the scheme rules, where the sponsoring employer was insolvent, the
scheme was significantly underfunded, and the trustee intended in due course to
take steps to cause the scheme to enter the Pension Protection Fund. The
defendants were Paul Hope, Alan Slater, both members of the scheme, the board of
the protection fund, and the Pensions Regulator.

Mr Andrew Simmonds, QC, for the claimant; Mr Keith Rowley, QC and Mr Pushpinder
Saini for Mr Hope and Mr Slater; Mr Nigel Giffin, QC and Mr Jonathan Hilliard
for the protection fund; Mr Michael Tennet, QC, for the regulator.

MR JUSTICE HENDERSON said that the proposal had been specifically designed to
take advantage of the compensation prospectively available for members and
beneficiaries of the pension scheme under the protection fund and sought to
apply in the purchase of annuities, before the scheme entered the protection
fund, a disproportionately large share of the scheme assets in a way that could
not possibly be justified if the protection fund did not exist. The proposal did
not, however, contravene any express provision in the legislation establishing
the protection fund.

His Lordship said that compensation payable under the Pensions Act 2004 was
intended to compensate members for the scheme benefits which they had lost. It
became payable only after the winding-up of a scheme, and after scheme assets
had vested in the protection fund. Thus there was no way in which compensation
could properly be regarded as a scheme asset at any time while a scheme remained
in existence.

It followed that the proposal fell well outside the purposes for which the
buy-out power in the relevant pension rule was conferred.

Such a purpose was an improper one because it went far beyond the purposes for
which the relevant scheme rule existed in the context of the scheme as a whole.

The proposal was not consistent with the policy of the legislation establishing
the protection fund, which, broadly stated, was to establish a fund of last
resort for insolvent schemes whose assets were insufficient to provide benefits
at the protecction fund level and to ensure that compensation was paid to in
accordance with the compensation provisions of the fund to the members and
beneficiaries that entered the protection fund.

It was a lifeboat or safety-net for underfunded schemes that would otherwise
have to be wound up. The protection fund received its funding from annual levies
on eligible schemes and on the assets of schemes that had entered the fund.

His Lordship considered that the proposal sought to subvert the legislative
policy in two principal ways.

First, it aimed to minimise, if not eliminate, the scheme assets which would
vest in the protection fund, at a time when the scheme was seriously underfunded
and almost certainly unable to provide benefits at the protection fund level,
let alone the level provided for by the scheme rules.

Second, it treated the availability of protection fund compensation as though it
were an advantage to be exploited for the scheme's benefit, whereas Parliament
clearly intended that fund to be a funder of last resort which would step in if,
and to the extent that, the scheme was unable to fund protection fund level
benefits with its own assets.

Furthermore, there was a clear and strong public interest involved, both in the
operation and financial health of the protection fund itself, and more generally
in the responsible administration of occupational pension schemes, including the
maintenance of proper funding levels.

In considering whether there was any principled basis upon which the court could
intervene in cases of the present type, his Lordship considered that the power
of the court provided such a basis, in the administration of a trust, to lay
down what were, or were not, relevant factors for a trustee to take into account
in the exercise of a power or discretion. The question of relevance must
ultimately be a question of law for the court and there was no good reason why
its decision should not be shaped and guided by considerations of public policy.

His Lordship went on to hold, as a matter of law, that the prospective
availability of compensation under the protection fund, if and when a pension
scheme entered the protection fund, was not a relevant factor for the trustee to
take into account in the exercise of the scheme rule power; or any power of a
similar nature, because to take it into account would be contrary to the clear
legislative policy of the 2004 Act, and would thus be contrary to public policy.

Consequently, any attempt to amend the scheme rules so as to permit, or oblige,
the trustee to take the existence of pension fund compensation into account in
exercising its power to buy out benefits would be void.

In considering the impact of European Community law, his Lordship held that a
proposition that a legislative failure on the part of the United Kingdom to meet
the full requirements of article 8 of Council Directive 80/987/EEC (OJ October
28, 1980 L283/23-27) could somehow justify otherwise unlawful attempts to
undermine or take advantage of the protection fund was little short of absurd.

His Lordship was satisfied that there was nothing in the Community law argument
which should cause him to modify his conclusions on improper purpose and public
policy. Solicitors: Taylor Wessing LLP; Eversheds LLP; Ms Amanda Bannister,
Croydon; Mr Tony Raymond, Brighton.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Solvency ratio shortfall 'due to Discovery's success'

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 491 words


Discovery Health Medical Scheme's solvency ratio of 22 percent is lower than the
required 25 percent because the scheme is signing up members at a rate of 1 000
a day, Adrian Gore, the chief executive of the scheme's administrator, says.

Gore says members do not need to worry about Discovery's solvency because the
scheme is financially strong, has R4 billion in reserves and is on track to
reach the required solvency ratio of 25 percent by the end of next year.

A scheme's solvency level is its reserves expressed as a percentage of its
contributions.

Gore says a growing scheme needs growing reserves, and Discovery Health Medical
Scheme needs to add R2 million a day to its reserves to keep its solvency level
stable. For a "successful" scheme such as Discovery, the reserve requirements
are "onerous", he says, and they do not make any allowance for the size of the
scheme or the risks it faces.

Reserves are intended to protect schemes from periods of adverse claims, and
large schemes are better able to withstand adverse conditions than small schemes
.

Gore says currently Discovery is "motoring along" and is adding R100 million a
month to its reserves.

A business newspaper reported this week that Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of
Medical Schemes, had rejected the latest business plan that Discovery submitted
outlining how it intends to restore its solvency ratio to the required 25
percent.

Masobe told Personal Finance that Discovery had earlier submitted a plan in
terms of which the scheme would have a solvency ratio of 21 percent by June this
year, 23 percent by December this year and 25 percent by December next year.

However, the scheme's latest plan "sought to adjust these targets, and we found
that unacceptable and sent it back", Masobe says.

Gore and Jacky Mathekga, Discovery Health Medical Scheme's principal officer,
say the scheme has already reached a solvency ratio of 22 percent, but reaching
23 percent by the end of this year will be "challenging". This will not,
however, prevent the scheme from reaching 25 percent by the end of 2008.

Asked if the scheme's high administration costs are the cause of his
unhappiness, Masobe says he is not fixed on any one expense item, but wants
Discovery to review all its costs, including non-healthcare ones such as the
costs of administration and managed health care.

The registrar's office has been focusing on schemes with non-healthcare costs
higher than 10 percent, and his annual report for 2005/6 shows that Discovery
Health Medical Scheme's non-healthcare costs were as high as 15 percent of
members' contributions.

Mathekga says the scheme is in negotiations with Discovery Health, the
administrator, about its administration fees for 2007/8, and is working on
reducing these costs.

Gore says Discovery's administration costs have been declining in real
(after-inflation) terms, and the scheme's non-healthcare costs are not out of
line with the industry average for local schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             May 27, 2004, Thursday

Variation in currency conversion date

SECTION: Features; 44

LENGTH: 925 words


CHANCERY DIVISION. Published May 27, 2004. In re Telewest Communications plc.
Before Mr Justice David Richards. Judgment April 26, 2004.

A scheme of arrangement which provided for currency conversion on a date other
than that on which the scheme claims were valued involved a departure from the
creditors' rights.

Mr Justice David Richards so held in the Chancery Division, granting the
applications of Telewest Communications plc and Telewest Finance (Jersey) Ltd
under section 425(1) of the Companies Act 1985 for leave to convene meetings of
creditors for the purposes of considering schemes of arrangement.

A group of sterling bondholders objected to the method of calculation of the
exchange rate agreed by the bondholder committee for the purposes of the schemes
of arrangement and applied firstly to have a different conversion rate included
in the schemes of arrangement; in the alternative, they asked the court to find
that they should be considered as a separate class from the dollar bondholders
and so be entitled to have a separate meeting held for them to consider the
schemes of arrangement.

Mr Robin Dicker, QC and Mr Richard Snowden, QC, for the applicants; Mr Richard
Sheldon, QC, for the bondholder committee; Mr Martin Moore, QC and Sir Thomas
Stockdale for the sterling bondholders.

MR JUSTICE DAVID RICHARDS said that the creditors of Telewest Communications and
Telewest Finance (Jersey), its wholly owned subsidiary, were principally
bondholders.

The proposed schemes of arrangement provided for an immediate cancellation of
the scheme claims in respect of the bonds and an inter-company debt. In
consideration each scheme creditor would become entitled to receive new shares
denominated in dollars in Telewest Global Inc, pro rata their total claim.

In order to determine the number of new shares to be transferred to each scheme
claimant it was necessary to express all claims covered by the schemes in a
single currency.

The schemes were to provide for sterling claims to be converted into US dollars
in accordance with a formula defined as the scheme rate.

Telewest Communications and Telewest Finance (Jersey) made applications to the
court for leave to convene meetings of creditors under section 425(1) of the
1985 Act for the purposes of considering schemes of arrangement. The hearing was
advertised in the newspapers and creditors were invited to make representations
to the court if they objected to the composition of the classes proposed by the
companies for the meetings.

The sterling bondholders were concerned that the scheme rate as against a spot
rate on the date on which scheme claims were valued, produced seriously
unfavourable treatment of the sterling bondholders as against dollar
bondholders.

They contended: first, that the scheme should not be permitted to proceed in its
present form and that the court should not give leave to convene meetings unless
the companies were willing to amend the terms of the scheme to substitute
conversion at a spot rate on the valuation date for the scheme rate.

Second, and in the alternative, they argued that if the court permitted the
meetings to proceed with the proposed schemes, there should be separate meetings
of the sterling and dollar bondholders to consider the schemes.

His Lordship said that the issue was whether to grant leave to convene the
meetings and it was not a hearing to consider the merits and fairness of the
schemes.

The issue of whether or not to include the scheme rate was a matter to be dealt
with at the hearing of the merits and fairness of the schemes and the court
could not refuse the companies' application to convene meetings on the ground
that the scheme rate was unfair.

The issue was therefore whether, if the scheme were to proceed in its proposed
form, the sterling bondholders formed a separate class of creditors from the
dollar bondholders. It was differences in legal rights, not interests, which
were relevant to the composition of classes.

The rights of a particular class must not be so dissimilar as to make it
impossible for the members of the class to consult together with a view to their
common interest. That was a question of judgment on the circumstances of each
case: see In re Hawk Insurance Co Ltd ((2001) 2 BCLC 480).

The Telewest schemes of arrangement involved no alteration of rights unless the
bondholders could be said to have an embedded right to a particular exchange
rate which differed from that adopted in the scheme.

The relevant rights of the bondholders to be compared against the terms of the
scheme were those which arose in an insolvent liquidation.

Currency conversion at the date of valuation of claims in a liquidation was an
essential part of a pari passu distribution and was therefore an important
feature which might be enforced by creditors.

It followed that a scheme of arrangement which provided for conversion on a
different basis involved a departure from the creditors' right: see Wight v
Eckhardt Marine GmbH ((2004) 1 AC 147).

On the facts of the case, however, the choice of formula in the proposed schemes
did not create such a dissimilarity in the rights of the sterling bondholders
that they should form a separate class. Since the class of creditors was in each
case was properly constituted, the companies were given leave to convene the
meetings proposed by them.

Solicitors: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer; Fried Frank Harris Shriver &
Jacobson LLP; Shearman & Sterling (London) LLP.


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              318 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             August 24, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

ATO refers tax schemes to police

BYLINE: Allesandra Fabro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1156 words


Twenty promoters of controversial mass-marketed tax minimisation schemes will be
referred to police and other authorities for investigation, the Tax
Commissioner, Mr Michael Carmody, said yesterday.

In a wide-ranging defence of the Australian Taxation Office's aggressive
crackdown on tax minimisation, he said mass-marketed schemes had placed up to $1
billion in revenue at risk while contributing little or nothing to national jobs
growth, wealth or production.

He told a Senate committee hearing last night that promoters of seven schemes
had been referred to the National Crime Authority, with six scheme promoters
referred to the Australian Federal Police and six to the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission.

One case had been passed to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission.

Mr Carmody did not identify the schemes that had been referred to investigators
or the nature of any likely charges.

He also insisted that he would defend the ATO's stance on the illegality of the
mass-marketed tax schemes all the way through the court system.

"Irrespective of what people might think of me, I will take this on appeal, as
far as necessary to get the outcome which I believe is the right interpretation
of the law, because I don't want to see this sort of thing available in the
future.

"Parliament has put in an all-embracing anti-avoidance provision [into the tax
legislation], and that's the one that I want to see work here, and I want the
courts to make it work here."

An ATO-funded a test case on the Budplan tea-tree oil scheme is the first such
case to be brought before the courts. It is set down for further hearings next
month.

The ATO has said it will fund test cases in relation to recently challenged film
schemes, following the rejection of tax concessions for investors in films such
as Moulin Rouge and Red Planet.

The several hundred tax schemes that the ATO has been targeting have attracted
more than 50,000 investors nationwide.

Participants have complained that the ATO's pursuit of repayment of previously
allowed deductions had been too aggressive.

Many of the taxpayers involved in the schemes come from electorally sensitive
regions in Western Australia, including the key marginal seat of Kalgoorlie.

By April this year the ATO had issued 34,945 amended assessments, against which
21,124 taxpayers had lodged objections.

Mr Carmody described as "fanciful" reports, following evidence given to the
hearing on Tuesday by Sydney tax consultant Mr Chris Batten, that the ATO
operated a network of informers who receive tax benefits in return for
information. "We do not, and will not, operate that way," he said.

But Mr Carmody refused to comment on Mr Batten's specific claims that former
senior tax official Nick Petroulias had offered favourable private binding
rulings in return for information about the activities of other accountants.

Tax officials defended the ATO's decision to allow deductions for infrastructure
bonds and a number of new share investment products operated by Macquarie Bank
which tax experts have argued use similar financing arrangements to those
employed in the mass-marketed schemes.

Senior tax officials told the Senate committee the ATO sought to differentiate
the infrastructure bonds and share products from the mass-marketed schemes, but
that certain deductions sought under these schemes had also been disallowed.

Mr Carmody rejected criticisms that the ATO's approach to the mass-marketed
schemes had been heavy-handed and retrospective.

"ATO reviews are not retrospective action, they are merely ensuring compliance
in the first place as specifically authorised by the law," he said. The ATO had
tried to take as considerate an approach as possible with taxpayers in imposing
penalties.

"I agree, to the extent that people are victims, that's the very reason I have
used ... [the] law to reduce the interest rate [payable]," he said.

"Under the law, I believe, if the circumstances warranted it, a no-penalty and
no-interest result could, in my view, be achieved without amending the law."

Such arrangements had to be made on a case-by-case basis, and required
individual taxpayers to approach the ATO with details of their situation.

Arrangements under which the burden rested mainly with individual taxpayers
rather than promoters were unfair, he said, and the ATO was examining proposals
to act as a deterrent to unscrupulous promoters.

Mr Carmody said options under consideration included the imposition of penalties
on scheme promoters when investors' claims were disallowed, and the ability to
seek injunctions to stop investment in arrangements where legal requirements
were not being met.

The ATO would also consider the creation of a fund to support actions against
unscrupulous promoters, he said.

Yesterday was the final hearing of the economics committee, which has been
examining the issue of mass- marketed schemes and investor protection since June
2000.

It has released an interim report and is expected to issue its final report by
early October.

MASS MARKED TAX SCHEMES

A timeline

* Early 90's

The Tax Office conducts ad hoc investigations into overseas film schemes, live
theatre schemes, schemes promoted by the Sentinel Group, prepaid interest,
afforestation and cattle embryo schemes.

* 1997: The ATO stops automatically processing refunds and sets up a national
project team to investigate mass marketed tax schemes, estimating that potential
tax deductions relating to schemes total $842 million in 1996-97.

* 1998: Employee benefit tax schemes are aggressively promoted by a range of tax
advisers. The ATO sends 10,000 letters to investors in 10 schemes and introduces
the product ruling system to provide a legally binding position to potential
investors in tax effective products.

* 1999: The ATO issues 8,000 letters to investors in 50 schemes, hires high
profile lawyers to direct its litigation strategy and issues a ruling on
employee benefit schemes.

* 2000: The ATO determines that 231 schemes, which involved 57,667 participants
and deductions totalling $4.3 billion, are not effective while a further 45
schemes, involving 8,425 participants and deductions of $555 million, are still
under examination. Amended assessments to 24,700 participants issued.

* 2001: The Tax Office annouces a moratorium on investors unwittingly lured into
schemes and agrees to cut the penalty interest charge on tax debts until two
Federal Court test cases are finished, after the Prime Minister visited Western
Australia, where nearly half the 60,000 participants in the schemes live. The
interim report of the Senate inquiry into mass marketed schemes urges an amnesty
on penalties for scheme participants, blaming ATO delays, inaction and mixed
signals for the mushrooming of tax schemes.

Sources: The interim report of the Senate Economics References Committee inquiry
into Mass Marketed Tax Schemes and Investor Protection, the ATO's submission to
the senate committee.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 992 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                January 9, 2013

                                   Dena Bank

                     Dena Corporate Centre, C-10, G- Block
                          Mumbai,  Maharashtra 400051
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Dena Bank (DB) is a nationalized bank. The bank provides personal, SME and
priority banking services. It offers a wide range of services such as, Minor
Savings Scheme, Credit card in rural India known as "DENA KRISHI SAKH PATRA"
(DKSP), Drive-in ATM counter of Juhu, Mumbai, Smart card at selected branches in
Mumbai, and Customer rating system for rating the Bank Services.

   The bank operates through four reportable segments namely, Treasury,
Corporate/Wholesale Banking, Retail Banking and Other Banking Operations.

   The Treasury segment of the bank consists of entire treasury investment
portfolio of the Bank. For the fiscal year ended 2012 the Treasury segment
reported revenue of INR17370m, reflecting an increase of 32.24% over the year
2011. The segment contributed to 23.6% of the total income.

   The bank's Corporate/Wholesale Banking segment provides Delivery Channels,
and Specific Schemes. Delivery Channels operates through its branches namely,
Industrial Finance Branch, and Corporate Business Branch. Industrial Finance
Branch offers Credit and other Banking needs including Forex Transactions, Quick
Processing & Decision Making, Customer Centric Approach, and Credit services.
Corporate Business Branch provides Corporate Finance, Loan Syndication, Forex
transactions, Acceptance of Taxes, Cash Management Services, Channel Financing,
Insurance Products, and Retail/Deposit Products. Specific Schemes offers a wide
range of schemes for Sectors such as, Educational Institutions, Builders &
Developers, Hospitals, Hotels and Restaurants, and Entertainment Industry. For
the fiscal year ended 2012 the Corporate/Wholesale banking segment reported
revenue of INR4066m, reflecting an increase of 47.07% over the year 2011. The
segment contributed to 55% of the total income.

   Retail Banking segment of the bank provides various retail schemes such as,
Dena Niwas Housing Finance, Dena Vidyalaxmi Education Loan, Dena Trade Finance
Schemes. It has introduced a new retail product namely, Dena Gold Loan. For the
fiscal year ended 2012 the Retail banking segment reported revenue of INR1368m,
reflecting an increase of 2.35% over the year 2011. The segment contributed to
18.6% of the total income. For the fiscal year ended 2012 the Other Banking
Operations segment reported revenue of INR203m, reflecting an increase of 34.63%
over the year 2011. The segment contributed to 2.8% of the total income.

   The bank offers deposit schemes such as, Dena Fixed Deposit Scheme, Dena
Jeevan SB Account, Premium Savings Account Scheme, Dena Recurring Deposit
Scheme, Dena ALPA Bachat Khata, Dena Freedom Deposit Scheme, Dena Minor Savings
Scheme Dena Samruddhi Deposit Scheme, Dena Savifix Deposit Scheme, Dena Senior
Citizen Scheme, Dena Loan Linked Recurring Deposit Scheme and Premium Current
Account Scheme.

   The bank provides various Dena loan products through Personal Banking,
including Dena Niwas Housing Finance Scheme, Dena Vidya Laxmi Educational Loans
Scheme, Dena Suvidha Personal Loans, Dena Auto Finance Scheme, Dena Consumer
Durable Loans, Dena Trade Finance, Dena Mortgage Loans Scheme, Dena Senior
Citizen Pensioner's Loans Scheme and Dena Rent Scheme for Finance against Rent
receivables.

   The Priority and SME provides priority sector schemes which include Dena
Rural Internet Kiosk Scheme, Dena Shakti Scheme, and Dena Laghu Udyami Card
Scheme. It also extends loans to the agriculture and SME sector. The bank has
1342 branches spread across the country.

   Geographically, the Bank is located in several states of India which include
Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Kerala,
Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, New Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar
Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and West Bengal.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013


                              320 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                              May 25, 2015 Monday

Legal action initiated against 109 illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1396  words


Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary legal action against
109 illegal housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975).

LDA sources told on Sunday that people have been warned to restrain themselves
in sale and purchase of property in these schemes.

LDA has informed that under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act
1975;

1. Except Lahore Development Authority, no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other
government agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/ land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013.

2. Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions are not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority.

3. Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal
approval by the Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the
scheme / land sub-division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme
without getting a no objection certificate from the Lahore Development
Authority.

4. Launching/ development of scheme without approval of Lahore Development
Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC from the Lahore
Development Authority are illegal actions and are punishable under Lahore
Development Authority Act 1975.

5. As per received record from TMA and field reports, following 109 housing
schemes / land sub-divisions are found illegal against which LDA has initiated
necessary legal action under LDA Act-(1975).

List of Illegal Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions in Lahore with name of
Scheme and Location/ Area are as follow New Kashmir Park  (PuranaKahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur  Road Lahore), Madni Garden (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor,
Off Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Madni Garden Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore), Scheme Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village Near
(Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore), Saleem Garden Near (Elite Town,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Aftab Garden Near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian
Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al
Haram Garden), Aziz Colony

Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate Near (Elite Town,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3-km off Butherkhana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah  HS   Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore),New Gulshan -e-Lahore Opposite (Subhan  Garden, Off Ferozpur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore), Gulberg Park Housing Scheme
(Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Al-Haram Garden HS  Near (Madhey  Shah
village, Off

Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga), Abdullah
Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir Estate-II Near (Grand Avenue,
28-km Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah village, Off
Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme (Butherkhana Distributary,
Lahore), Badar Colony  (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore), Bilal Town (Butcher khana
Distributary,

Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna katcha, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Faisal town (Mouza
Thai Panju , Lahore), Akhter Abad Housing Scheme (Purana Kahna, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore),  Broadway Commercial Area / Sub-Division Near (Khyaban-e-Ameen,
Defence

Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated near (Gajumata Stop, 21 km
Ferozpur Road), Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave yard of
(Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road), Vital DD Housing Scheme
situated opposite to (Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozpur Road), Vital EE
Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (Shadab Colony, Ferozpur Road, Lahore),
Vital FF Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme
, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (Block E,
Pak Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-II, situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses situated adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore,  Ideal Garden Situated adjacent to Pak
Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,

Lahore, Geelani Homes Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at
Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park Phase-I illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park Phase-II illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Waheed
Brothers Colony situated adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Hajvery Gardens situated adjacent to Caltex petrol pump Near Royal
Residencia, Defense Road, Lahore, Green Park Housing Scheme illegal extension of
Green cap Housing Scheme, situated at Gajjumata  Stop, Ferozpur Road, Iqbal Park
situated near Gawala Colony, Off Chandrai Road, Lahore, Anwar Town situated near
Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore, Sadat Colony situated near Gawala Colony,
Mouza Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore, Faisal Town  Phase-II  Situated near
KahnaKacha Stop, Off Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme
situated opposite Sabzi Mandi, adjacent to Allahu Industrial State, Kacha Road,
Lahore, Madina Town Situated near ZewarShadi Hall, Hudaira  Drain, Ferozpur
Road, Lahore, Madina Avenue  Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Rehan Garden Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Punjab park phase III Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Arshad  Garden   UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden UBD Canal

Nazir Garden   UBD Canal, IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz Gardens UBD Canal,
Scholar University Town  UBD Canal Hafiz  Town Multan Road, Pak Town  Multan
Road, LDA Employees Multan Road, Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl Illegal
extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore, F-I,
F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Tayyab Town College Road, Feroze Park College
Road, Sharif Park Phase I  College Road,  Sharif Park Phase II  College Road,
Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden, College
Road, Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Heaven Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,    Mahnoor Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park  Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,    Mustafa Town, Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, illegal sub-division
adjacent to T  and  T Aabpara Scheme Raiwind Road Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road,
Tufail Garden  G.T Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden Canal Road,
Rizwan Garden  Canal Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair
Garden, Taij Garh, Roar G.T Road, Lahore Ghous Garden Ph 2 Bagh Wali Puli Road,
G.T. Road, Lahore Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Lahore, Al Hassan Town
Bagh Wali Puli Road, G.T. Road, Lahore, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh, Roar
G.T Road, Lahore, Rehmat Town G.T Road Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T
Road, Fahad Town  G.T Road, Amir Town canal Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division
adjacent To Al-Karam City, Manga Mandi, Multan Road Aqil Garden Opposite To
Al-Karam City Manga Mandi, Multan Road Housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near
Govt Model High School And Opposite To KesaMintoo Marriage Hall, Raiwind Bypass
Road, Teachers Colony Opposite to VIP Marriage Hall, Raiwind By Pass Road,
Raiwind, Illegal Scheme (Heaven Villas) Opposite Kesa Minto Marriage Hall
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division   Near Khalis Fiber
Mill Off Raiwind Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near Hashmat School
Sundar Raiwind Road, Raiwind Gulberg Town   Adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near Tameer-E-Serat
School And Opposite To Madina Town Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind and Sub-Division
at Mall Chowk  At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.

All prospective buyers of plots in any of above mention Housing Schemes/ Land
Sub-Divisions have been advised not to purchase property in any scheme, until
the scheme/ land sub-division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority.

They have further been advised to get information about the legality of the
housing scheme / land sub-division and status of plot(s) from Lahore Development
Authority.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              May 25, 2015 Monday

Legal action initiated against 109 illegal housing schemes

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 144

LENGTH: 1396  words


Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary legal action against
109 illegal housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975).

LDA sources told on Sunday that people have been warned to restrain themselves
in sale and purchase of property in these schemes.

LDA has informed that under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act
1975;

1. Except Lahore Development Authority, no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other
government agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/ land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013.

2. Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions are not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority.

3. Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal
approval by the Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the
scheme / land sub-division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme
without getting a no objection certificate from the Lahore Development
Authority.

4. Launching/ development of scheme without approval of Lahore Development
Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC from the Lahore
Development Authority are illegal actions and are punishable under Lahore
Development Authority Act 1975.

5. As per received record from TMA and field reports, following 109 housing
schemes / land sub-divisions are found illegal against which LDA has initiated
necessary legal action under LDA Act-(1975).

List of Illegal Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions in Lahore with name of
Scheme and Location/ Area are as follow New Kashmir Park  (PuranaKahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur  Road Lahore), Madni Garden (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor,
Off Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Madni Garden Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore), Scheme Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village Near
(Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur Road Lahore), Saleem Garden Near (Elite Town,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Aftab Garden Near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian
Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al
Haram Garden), Aziz Colony

Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate Near (Elite Town,
Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3-km off Butherkhana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah  HS   Near (Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore),New Gulshan -e-Lahore Opposite (Subhan  Garden, Off Ferozpur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore), Gulberg Park Housing Scheme
(Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Al-Haram Garden HS  Near (Madhey  Shah
village, Off

Ferozpur Road, Lahore),  Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga), Abdullah
Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir Estate-II Near (Grand Avenue,
28-km Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah village, Off
Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme (Butherkhana Distributary,
Lahore), Badar Colony  (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore), Bilal Town (Butcher khana
Distributary,

Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna katcha, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Faisal town (Mouza
Thai Panju , Lahore), Akhter Abad Housing Scheme (Purana Kahna, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore),  Broadway Commercial Area / Sub-Division Near (Khyaban-e-Ameen,
Defence

Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated near (Gajumata Stop, 21 km
Ferozpur Road), Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave yard of
(Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road), Vital DD Housing Scheme
situated opposite to (Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozpur Road), Vital EE
Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (Shadab Colony, Ferozpur Road, Lahore),
Vital FF Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme
, Ferozpur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme situated adjacent to (Block E,
Pak Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-II, situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses situated adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore,  Ideal Garden Situated adjacent to Pak
Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,

Lahore, Geelani Homes Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at
Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park Phase-I illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Geelani Park Phase-II illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Waheed
Brothers Colony situated adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Hajvery Gardens situated adjacent to Caltex petrol pump Near Royal
Residencia, Defense Road, Lahore, Green Park Housing Scheme illegal extension of
Green cap Housing Scheme, situated at Gajjumata  Stop, Ferozpur Road, Iqbal Park
situated near Gawala Colony, Off Chandrai Road, Lahore, Anwar Town situated near
Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore, Sadat Colony situated near Gawala Colony,
Mouza Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore, Faisal Town  Phase-II  Situated near
KahnaKacha Stop, Off Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme
situated opposite Sabzi Mandi, adjacent to Allahu Industrial State, Kacha Road,
Lahore, Madina Town Situated near ZewarShadi Hall, Hudaira  Drain, Ferozpur
Road, Lahore, Madina Avenue  Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Rehan Garden Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Punjab park phase III Ferozpur Road,
Lahore, Arshad  Garden   UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden UBD Canal

Nazir Garden   UBD Canal, IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz Gardens UBD Canal,
Scholar University Town  UBD Canal Hafiz  Town Multan Road, Pak Town  Multan
Road, LDA Employees Multan Road, Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl Illegal
extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore, F-I,
F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozpur Road, Lahore, Tayyab Town College Road, Feroze Park College
Road, Sharif Park Phase I  College Road,  Sharif Park Phase II  College Road,
Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden, College
Road, Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Heaven Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,    Mahnoor Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park  Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,    Mustafa Town, Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, illegal sub-division
adjacent to T  and  T Aabpara Scheme Raiwind Road Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road,
Tufail Garden  G.T Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden Canal Road,
Rizwan Garden  Canal Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair
Garden, Taij Garh, Roar G.T Road, Lahore Ghous Garden Ph 2 Bagh Wali Puli Road,
G.T. Road, Lahore Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Lahore, Al Hassan Town
Bagh Wali Puli Road, G.T. Road, Lahore, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh, Roar
G.T Road, Lahore, Rehmat Town G.T Road Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T
Road, Fahad Town  G.T Road, Amir Town canal Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division
adjacent To Al-Karam City, Manga Mandi, Multan Road Aqil Garden Opposite To
Al-Karam City Manga Mandi, Multan Road Housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near
Govt Model High School And Opposite To KesaMintoo Marriage Hall, Raiwind Bypass
Road, Teachers Colony Opposite to VIP Marriage Hall, Raiwind By Pass Road,
Raiwind, Illegal Scheme (Heaven Villas) Opposite Kesa Minto Marriage Hall
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division   Near Khalis Fiber
Mill Off Raiwind Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near Hashmat School
Sundar Raiwind Road, Raiwind Gulberg Town   Adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division Near Tameer-E-Serat
School And Opposite To Madina Town Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind and Sub-Division
at Mall Chowk  At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.

All prospective buyers of plots in any of above mention Housing Schemes/ Land
Sub-Divisions have been advised not to purchase property in any scheme, until
the scheme/ land sub-division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority.

They have further been advised to get information about the legality of the
housing scheme / land sub-division and status of plot(s) from Lahore Development
Authority.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Takeovers make more money than schemes

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 1287 words


A new Australian study has reignited the debate about the merits of takeover
offers versus schemes of arrangement.

The study, which was led by Martin Bugeja, head of the Accounting Discipline
Group at the University of Technology in Sydney, examined 831 Australian
takeovers and schemes of arrangement between 2000 and 2011. It concluded that
shareholders received significantly larger premiums under takeover offers than
under schemes of arrangement.

The study is particularly relevant for New Zealand because takeover activity is
expected to pick up this year and schemes have become more and more popular on
this side of the Tasman.

The big difference between takeover offers and schemes is that under a scheme
the acquirer wants the target company board and major shareholders to agree to a
proposal before it is announced and the independent analysis is completed.

This is because target companies have to arrange a special meeting of
shareholders to approve the scheme, whereas under a traditional offer the bidder
makes a direct approach to each and every shareholder.

Another major disparity is that compulsory acquisition can only be enforced when
a bidder has acquired 90 per cent of the target company in takeover offers, but
under schemes compulsory acquisition occurs when only 75 per cent of votes cast
at the special meeting are in support.

Australia used to require a simple majority of shareholders present at the
meeting as well as 75 per cent of the shares cast but the former is no longer
required by the courts.

Under the traditional approach the bidder must offer an attractive price and
convince shareholders to accept the offer. Once the offer reaches 90 per cent it
automatically acquires the remaining 10 per cent even though the non-accepting
shareholders may not want to sell.

Under schemes of arrangement only votes cast at the special meeting count. If
only 50 per cent of shareholders vote, and 80 per cent of these vote in favour,
then compulsory acquisition is enforced even though only 40 per cent of the
total shares on issue voted in favour of the proposal.

The Bugeja study shows that 33 per cent of the 831 Australian transactions in
the 12-year period between 2000 and 2011 were through schemes with the remaining
67 per cent through traditional offers.

However, schemes have become increasing popular as they represented only 26 per
cent of all transactions during the first four years, 35 per cent over the
middle four-year period and 38 per cent over the final 2008 to 2011 period.

The Australian study has identified five main reasons why schemes have become
more popular.

Ownership concentration

Schemes are more likely to be successful when target company shareholders are
widely dispersed and don"t have a sufficiently large investment to encourage
them to oppose a low-priced scheme. In contrast, concentrated shareholders in
target firms are in a better position to insist that the acquirer"s offer is
tested under the "open auction" rules that characterise takeover bids. In
addition the offer price is fixed under a scheme and extremely difficult to
increase, whereas it is easier for shareholders to extract a higher price under
a traditional offer.

Bidder toehold

A prospective acquirer with a large shareholding is unlikely to use a scheme
because it is not allowed to vote its shares at the meeting seeking scheme
approval. A traditional takeover offer is much more attractive to a large
existing shareholder because it gives that party the ability to test the market
and give itself the option to increase the offer when there is a muted response
to the initial price.

Target company size

Schemes are more widely used for larger target companies than for smaller ones
with the Bugeja study showing that 33 per cent of transactions by number between
2000 and 2011 were through schemes compared with 55 per cent through schemes on
a total value basis. Bidders prefer schemes for large transactions because there
is more certainty with this approach and they don"t want to end up owning 60 or
70 per cent of a target company through a highly leveraged transaction.

Leverage

Bidders using a high level of borrowing to finance an acquisition prefer to use
schemes because this gives them more certainty over the price and timing of the
transaction. Therefore it is not surprising that private equity buyers, who fund
their acquisitions with a high level of borrowings, prefer scheme arrangements.
This was evident in New Zealand two years ago when an Australian private equity
firm tried to gain control of Abano Healthcare through a scheme of arrangement.
This proposal was firmly rejected by the Abano board.

Control variable

The Australian study concluded that schemes are more likely than takeover offers
when board ownership of the target company is high. High board ownership is also
more consistent with takeover offers that are friendly rather than hostile.

Two of the most controversial schemes in New Zealand were the acquisition of
Fletcher Energy by Shell in 2001 and the Transpacific Industries/Waste
Management deal in 2006.

Fletcher chairman Rod Deane had to contend with disgruntled shareholders Mark
Dunphy of Greymouth Petroleum, Tony Gibbs and Gary Weiss of GPG, and Act MP
Stephen Franks at the March 2001 meeting, while Waste Management chairman Jim
Syme was strongly criticised by Fisher Funds at the company"s scheme meeting in
2006.

Scheme meetings can attract considerable shareholder opposition and media
attention while there are no meetings for a traditional takeover offer.

Waste Management was strongly criticised for agreeing to pay an $8 million break
fee to Transpacific if its board changed its positive recommendation on the
proposal. Directors were also criticised for making negative media comments
about the long-term viability of Waste Management"s business.

However, both the Fletcher Energy/Shell and Waste Management/Transpacific
proposals received over 75 per cent support at their scheme meetings.

It is totally understandable that shareholders will receive a higher price under
a traditional offer because when a bidder has to convince 90 per cent of
shareholders to accept - instead of 75 per cent of votes cast at a meeting -
then it will have to offer a higher premium. In addition schemes are unlikely to
attract additional bidders.

The Bugeja report has a comprehensive analysis of premiums paid to target
company shareholders under schemes and takeover offers.

It concludes: "Our results are largely consistent with target shareholders
receiving significantly lower premiums in schemes of arrangements consistent
with the public criticism of schemes.

"However, we caution against interpreting [those] results as evidence supporting
regulatory change, as there is no guarantee that target shareholders involved in
schemes of arrangements would otherwise have received a takeover bid if schemes
were not an alternative."

The last sentence is very important. Acquirers, particularly private equity
firms, are driving much harder bargains and there is no obligation for them to
make an offer. Some target company directors may believe that a low-priced
scheme offer is better than nothing.

However, Abano Healthcare shareholders can thank their directors for rejecting a
scheme proposal in 2013 that was below the NZX company"s current share price.

A low-priced offer under a scheme of arrangement may be above the current share
price but this does not necessarily mean that it represents good long-term
value.

Shareholders should always take the long-term view when assessing schemes of
arrangement or traditional takeover offers.

&bull; Brian Gaynor is an executive director of Milford Asset Management which
owns shares in Abano Healthcare on behalf of clients.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Poor did not benefit from ULC's Talegaon Dabhade scheme

BYLINE: Anjaya Anparthi

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 606 words


NAGPUR: The state government had launched the Talegaon Dabhade scheme under the
Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act, known as ULC Act, with the motive of
providing affordable housing to urban poor. However, the ULC department admits
that few poor benefited from the scheme. Only 17 of the total 952 schemes under
this law have been completed in the last 23 years.

TOI had recently exposed how a wedding lawn was developed on 72 plots in a
layout approved under ULC's Talegaon Dabhade scheme. The ULC department and
Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) were supposed to ensure construction of
tenements for people from weaker section on the 72 plots. However, they sat
pretty despite knowing about the irregularity. The land was vacant since
approval of the scheme in 2003 and now houses a posh lawn.

RTI activist TH Naidu has obtained information about Talegaon Dabhade schemes
approved in the city. According to data provided by the ULC department, 952
schemes were approved in the city between 1992 and 2007. The schemes were
supposed to be completed within two years from the date of approval. Shockingly,
completion certificate has been issued to only 17 schemes.

Naidu told TOI the ULC department is unaware of the whereabouts of the remaining
schemes. "Government gives extension for one year in case of delay in completing
the scheme. But very few schemes have taken an extension. Anyway, extension for
such a long time is also questionable. The department is aware of the status of
the schemes but is not taking any action," he said.

The ULC department data says 1,879.21 hectare (1,87,92,141.70 sq m) land was
processed under section 10(3) and (5) of the ULC Act. Only 870.15 hectare
(87,01,505.70 sq m) land was taken into possession and handed over to the
revenue department. Besides, 35.50 hectare (3,55,086.98 sq m or 38,20,735.90 sq
ft) land was taken into possession under section 20(1)(a) of the ULC Act and
declared surplus followed by sanction of layout under Talegaon Dabhade scheme.

If calculated according to 1,000 sq ft per person, 3,820 people should have got
affordable houses or plots from the Talegaon Dabhade schemes.

Naidu added that the ULC department can take possession of the land and provide
housing projects for needy people. "But the officials are hand in gloves with
the land owners or developers and neglecting this crucial issue," he said.

The government is incurring revenue loss due to ULC department's negligence.
According to norms, the department is supposed to levy penalty of Rs5-10 per sq
ft per annum in case of delay in execution of the schemes. Government can earn
revenue of around Rs2-4 crore from incomplete schemes. But the department is
neglecting verification and imposition of penalty on the pending schemes.

'Action against those not responding to notice'

ULC department's additional collector Vinay Moon said that notices have been
issued to land owners every year to complete the schemes. "Completion
certificate was not issued to many schemes because very less area of the scheme
is pending development. Some schemes on the city's outskirts are abandoned as of
date due to lack of buyers. Some are not responding to notices and action will
be initiated against them," he said.

Activist Anil Wadpalliwar said that heads of district administration and civic
body should be held responsible for incomplete schemes. "It will take no time to
inspect remaining 935 schemes and initiate action. But no one bothers about
providing affordable housing to poor. Officials also fear many corruption cases
will come to fore if proper inspection is done," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Reform failures are killing off medical scheme options for low-income earners

BYLINE:  LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 775 words


Medical scheme options aimed at low-income earners have been the victim of the
failure to complete the reform of the regulation of medical schemes, the Board
of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference heard this week.

Christoff Raath, an actuary and |chief executive of the Health Monitor Company,
says it is very difficult to create low-cost options for open medical schemes (
schemes that admit anyone) that have a footprint across the country. For such
options to be viable, they must be taken up only by healthy young people, he
says. If older, unhealthy people move on to these low-cost options in large
numbers, |the options' risk profiles change and they become unsustainable.

This "extremely undesirable" situation is in part a result of government's
failure to amend a section of the Medical Schemes Act that obliges schemes to
set contributions at levels that ensure |that each option is self-sustaining,
Raath says.

unhealthy pooling

In 2006, the Council for Medical Schemes put out a discussion document proposing
that the |Medical Schemes Act be amended |so that schemes can price their common
benefits across all |their options.

Currently, if, for example, a set of private hospital benefits is common to all
options within a scheme, the contributions for those benefits may vary depending
on the expected |claims and hence the health of all the members of those
options. This |means these benefits will cost more |for members of, for example,
the |most comprehensive option, which attracts unhealthy members, than it |will
for members of a middle-of-the-range option. A necessary cross-subsidy from
healthy to unhealthy is being lost in the process.

Raath says that in this way medical schemes inevitably end up with sick people
in one risk pool and healthy people in another.

The proposal in the 2006 discussion document was incorporated in an amendment
bill that was tabled in Parliament in 2008. But the amendment bill was withdrawn
when it became clear that government would implement National Health Insurance.

The proposal to allow medical schemes to price common benefits across all their
options does not appear to be part of the latest Medical Schemes Amendment Bill,
which is awaiting approval by the Department |of Health.

Partly as a consequence of the failure to implement this reform, and partly
because other reforms to ensure the sustainability of medical schemes have not
been implemented, schemes often have loss-making comprehensive options and
loss-making low-income options, whereas only their middle-of-the-range options
have a surplus, Raath says.

It does not make sense to join "an expensive inter-galactic
comprehensive-plus-plus option" when you are entitled to the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs), regardless of the option to which you belong, and you can
change options each year, which means you can change to a higher-cost option if
you become seriously ill, Raath says.

The health of medical schemes hangs precariously on members who are uninformed
about what they are entitled to under the PMBs and the ability to move between
options, and who join options with more cover than they need - what the industry
refers to as the "worried wealthy" or "worried healthy", he says.

concern about schemes

Concerns about the financial wellbeing of medical schemes may be justified, even
though the latest annual report from the Council for Medical Schemes shows that
schemes made an overall operating surplus of R1 billion |in 2011.

Raath says there is a concern that the overall surplus in 2011 - which schemes
are likely to have repeated |in 2012 - is symptomatic merely of |high
contribution increases and |benefit reductions and does not deserve to be
commended as a significant achievement.

The industry's operating surplus in 2011 was its first since 2004, and the
Council for Medical Schemes said it was a sign that the regulation of schemes
has had a positive effect on their financial wellbeing.

Raath says the reduction of |benefits is affecting out-of-hospital services in
particular. Many |in-hospital procedures are for PMB conditions, and these
benefits cannot be reduced.

The medical scheme market is dominated by Discovery Health Medical Scheme and
the |Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems).

Discovery Health and Gems both need to make operating surpluses so they can top
up their reserves, which are below the minimum required by law, Raath says.

Schemes are obliged to hold reserves equal to 25 percent of their contributions
to cushion them against exceptionally high claims.

Apart from Discovery Health and Gems, the rest of the medical scheme industry is
breaking even after many loss-making years, Raath says.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             October 8, 2012 Monday

Pakistan: Amnesty schemes are a new 'black money NRO'

LENGTH: 1382 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 8 -- The government's efforts to launch lucrative amnesty
schemes just weeks before completion of its term has raised many questions, and
some quarters even within the tax bureaucracy are describing it as a "financial
NRO" which will help whiten dirty money earned by cronies of the ruling elite
through alleged corruption in the last five years.

However, when a politician was asked about this planned exploitation, he
rejected the allegation saying that when the government did not present any such
move, it is criticised for not doing anything. But when the government
introduces such schemes, it is accused of benefiting from it. He said it is also
wrong to term this scheme as a "financial NRO". In fact, he said, these schemes
would serve the interest of the country as the money that was stolen or hidden
would be brought back. The economy would be strengthened as the tax net would be
expanded. He said people would live and sleep comfortably following the success
of these schemes. He said these schemes should be supported by all and sundry.

The amnesty schemes introduced by the FBR in the last few decades, however,
failed to yield positive results as the first such scheme was launched during
the Musharraf regime in 2000-01, and despite the backing of military rule, the
FBR had collected only Rs10 billion from it. Yet even this was the most
successful scheme introduced by the FBR in its history. Another scheme, which
had been launched in 2008, fetched Rs 2.5 billion only.

Tax amnesty schemes had also been launched during the Zia regime in 1985 and
even before that by Zulfikar Ali Bhutto in 1976 but remained insignificant in
terms of achieving the desired results.

Analysts and experts say in Pakistan there is no tax collection system but only
a "tax sharing system" exists in which the government is never a major
beneficiary. Major benefits are shared by tax officials and tax evaders in what
is called a marriage of convenience.

These experts say it is not the job of the FBR to help tax evaders at the cost
of honest taxpayers by providing filthy rich people to earn money through
corruption and then whiten it at the cost of the national exchequer by bribing
some officials in the process.

The FBR is facing a gigantic task to achieve the desired tax collection target
of Rs 2,381 billion for the current fiscal year. The shortfall in tax collection
forced the FBR to revise downward its envisaged target to Rs 437 billion for the
first quarter from the earlier desired target of Rs 475 billion out of which
real collection could touch only Rs 410 billion. Even compared to the revised
target, the FBR is facing a shortfall of Rs 27 billion.

A senior official of the FBR said that if the government succeeded in approving
this new scheme from parliament and launched it within this calendar year and
some Rs 20 to 30 billion are collected, it should be considered an achievement.
It is highly unlikely that the target of Rs 176 billion can be achieved.

When contacted, FBR Senior Member Inland Revenue Service Asrar Rauf on Saturday
defended this scheme and stated that previous schemes had failed because of
higher rates and exclusion of foreign assets but the proposed scheme catered to
both these factors as it would provide an opportunity to pay a meagre amount of
Rs 40,000 to Rs 60,000 to whiten money up to Rs 10 million.

At the moment, it is just a proposal and it will be the discretion of the
Finance Ministry and government to approve this scheme or instruct the FBR to
launch a crackdown against the 3.8 million tax evaders.

Citing examples, he said that amnesty schemes were introduced in different parts
of the world such as in Australia, Sweden, Indonesia and Paraguay and the FBR
wanted to provide an opportunity to potential individuals before launching the
crackdown.

He also said that the previous amnesty schemes failed because these provided
immunity from income tax laws but the upcoming scheme would give legal cover by
extending immunity from NAB, FIA and State Bank of Pakistan.

He said that the previous amnesty schemes failed because at that time there was
no hostile environment at the international level.

He said that foreign countries were approving laws against absentee account
holders and it would become difficult for Pakistanis to park their billions
abroad. He also said that it was wrong to attribute it as amnesty scheme as it
was basically a voluntary tax registration scheme that is aimed to broaden the
tax base.

Former Economic Advisor, Dr Ashfaque Hassan Khan, who is currently serving as
Dean NUST Business School, said that the amnesty scheme aimed at dry cleaning
the black money earned by cronies of the government in the last few years.

This scheme lacked seriousness on the part of the government because the tax
department should have introduced such initiatives in the early days of the
government. A few weeks before completion of its tenure, how will this regime be
able to show its muscle against the evaders, he asked.

Another renowned economist, Dr Meekal Ahmed, said it is little known but we have
a permanent amnesty scheme under section 111 (4) of the income tax act which
states that any inflow that comes through normal banking channels and can be
classified as 'workers' remittance' is not to be questioned and free of tax.

Maybe this explains the mysterious surge in workers' remittances in Pakistan -
although the State Bank would have you believe it is a result of their
'remittance initiative'. That has probably helped but only marginally.

"Amnesty schemes are a slap in the face of the honest tax payer. Just think of
how they feel", he said and added that this scheme like the ones before it,
would fail. "No matter how attractive you make it, the response will be nil," he
concluded.

Convener of Economic Advisory Council (EAC) and renowned economist Dr Hafeez A
Pasha severely criticised the amnesty schemes saying that it could be termed as
the NRO of the taxation system. The proposed amnesty, he said, would destroy the
taxation system because it would send the wrong signals to honest taxpayers. Why
should they pay when every four years such schemes are introduced to whiten
black money, he asked.

He said that it would result in the same consequences as in 2008 when this
scheme disappointed everyone. "Such schemes are not a good policy because they
discourage honest taxpayers."

Advisor to the Transparency International Pakistan Adil Gilani said there was no
doubt that this scheme was meant to whiten corruption money.

Referring to the letter written by TIP to the prime minister, he said that they
had sternly opposed amnesty schemes and proposed the FBR take certain steps that
could broaden the tax base as well as revenue collection.

According to the TIP letter written to the PM, Pakistan could not afford any tax
amnesty scheme which deprived all those law abiding citizens who were paying the
taxes regularly in accordance with the law.

This tax amnesty scheme will result in continuing the corruption and tax evasion
by the businessmen who had in 2008 declared billions of rupees in such schemes
at 2 percent rates only, TIP added.

It has also been reported to TIP that there are businessmen who have availed the
2008 Tax Amnesty Scheme, and who are today doing thriving business, taking
billions of rupee of loans from the banks, avoiding FBR duties and taxes and
also getting their loans written off as non-performing loans using political
pressure.

This is also to inform the prime minister that on 27th August 2012, TI-Pakistan
proposed to the Chairman FBR to devise a mechanism to collect 19.5% GST/Excise
Duty and 10% withholding tax on prepaid cards for cellular phone companies,
internet service providers and WLL phone services, prior to their sale in the
market, which would result in additional FBR revenue of over Rs 250 billion,
presently evaded by all the companies.

TI-Pakistan requests the prime minister to consider TI-P suggestions, also
acknowledged by the Supreme Court, which would result in additional revenue of
over Rs 250 billion annually, the TIP letter says Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                       August 24, 2012 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Talent2 International: Court Approves Talent2 Schemes of Arrangement

LENGTH: 339  words


Hong Kong, Aug. 24 -- Talent2 International Limited (Talent2) (ASX:TWO) is
pleased to announce that the Federal Court of Australia (Court) has today made
orders approving the scheme of arrangement between Talent2 and its shareholders
(Scheme) and the scheme of arrangement between Talent2 and its optionholders,
each of which is described in Talent2's scheme booklet dated 17 July 2012 (
Scheme Booklet).



The Court's approval follows Talent2 shareholders (other than the Excluded
Shareholders (as defined in the Scheme Booklet)) agreeing to the Scheme at the
scheme meeting held on Monday, 20 August 2012, and Talent2 optionholders (other
than the Excluded Optionholders (as defined in the Scheme Booklet)) agreeing to
the Option Scheme at the option scheme meetings held on the same day.

A copy of the Court's orders was lodged with the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission earlier today, at which time each of the Scheme and
Option Scheme became effective. A copy of the Court's orders is attached.

Special Dividend

As:

* The Scheme is now effective; and

* Talent2 shareholders approved the giving of financial assistance at the
extraordinary general meeting held on Monday, 20 August 2012 (which was
announced to the ASX on the same day), all the conditions in relation to the
payment of the fully franked special dividend of $0.09 per Talent2 share
(Special Dividend) declared by the Talent2 directors on 7 August 2012 have been
satisfied and the Special Dividend will now therefore be paid to Talent2
shareholders.

Accordingly, as described in the Scheme Booklet and Talent2's announcement dated
7 August 2012, the cash consideration payable under the Scheme will be reduced
from $0.78 per share to $0.69 per share. However, scheme shareholders (who also
hold their Talent2 shares on the Special Dividend Record Date (as defined in the
Scheme Booklet)) will still be entitled to receive an aggregate amount of $0.78
for each scheme share (comprising the Special Dividend of $0.09 per share and
$0.69 per share under the Scheme).

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2012 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Expectations of medical aid schemes are too high truthfully speaking

BYLINE:  Jeremy Yatt

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1454 words


A number of articles recently highlighted the deep unhappiness many medical aid
members feel about the value they are getting from their schemes. The articles
have demonstrated how misunderstood medical schemes are, by both members and
journalists. Medical schemes are not insurance companies and they do not
generate profits.

The "shareholders" of medical schemes are the members and all "profits" are
retained by the scheme for the benefit of members. There is no advantage to the
scheme increasing its contributions more than is absolutely necessary. But many
people don't see this, assuming that the annual increases are to fund the lavish
lifestyles of scheme managers.

Unfortunately, the largest medical scheme at the moment has deliberately chosen
to blur the relationship between the scheme and its administrator - they call it
alignment - to the extent that the chief executive of the administration company
often comments on issues that must have been determined by the board of trustees
of the scheme. And it no doubt does perturb some members of that scheme that the
administration company, that is part of a successful listed organisation, does
very nicely.

It is without question that the governance of schemes is problematic. Trustees
are elected by members at general meetings, sometimes in dubious circumstances
where a minute fraction of the membership is actually in attendance, and there
are very little standards to govern their competence or integrity. They deal
with vast sums of money and there is often a temptation for trustees to further
their own interests, at the expense of the members that they are supposed to be
representing.

And the finger of blame for the high costs that is pointed at medical providers
- doctors and hospitals - is not as straightforward as it might seem. Doctors
study long and hard to achieve their qualifications, regularly deal with life
and death situations and carry great responsibility.

It seems churlish to expect them to earn significantly less than executives of
financial service organisations who have far less riding on their decisions.
Imposing price control on these specialists will only contribute to the flight
of vital expertise from the country. And the correlation between high medical
fees and medical aid contributions is misguided. The real villain of the decline
of medical aids is the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), the regulator that
purports to manage the industry.

Since the introduction of the Medical Schemes Act 131 of 1998 and subsequent
amendments, a slew of well-meaning but ultimately disadvantageous legislation
has significantly contributed to the cost of medical aid. The registrar's
office, which is the executive arm of the CMS, is run by a group of people who
have never been in charge of a medical scheme, yet they seem to think that they
know better than the professional fund managers and the boards with years of
experience.

Regular diktats in the form of circulars are sent out, instructing schemes what
they may or may not do, generally attempting to fix the "unintended
consequences" of previous circulars that were poorly thought out. Medical
schemes, which are peculiar to South Africa, are an interesting mix of market
and socialist legislation. The basic idea that people contribute to a fund that
assists members to defray medical expenses is laudable. The principle of
cross-subsidisation, where younger, healthier and wealthier members (not
everyone can tick each of those descriptions, unfortunately) help make the
scheme more affordable for those who use more of the scheme's benefits, can only
work if there are more lower claimers than higher claimers.

Lower claimers, generally speaking, are younger people lower down on the
economic ladder as they start their careers, but it is they who find the least
value in schemes. Very little thought is given to improve their perception of
value in the scheme in terms of benefit design, but any attempt to do so is
immediately shot down by the CMS. It's almost as if they want to see the medical
scheme industry fail.

Medical schemes were originally designed to help members and not cover every
possible cost. Benefit design in the 1990s created an expectation in members'
minds that all sorts of costs, like physiotherapy, optometry and prophylactic
dentistry should be covered.

These are examples of uninsurable benefits and should be viewed in the same
irritating category as blocked drains and fused electrics, unexpected day to day
expenditure. The medical scheme should really be seen as a buffer to protect you
from catastrophic medical expenditure. Things like cancer, major trauma and
debilitating diseases are examples of what is insurable.

Schemes have to register their benefit structures with the CMS, which is
supposed to use the act and regulations as its basis for approving the proposed
structure.

Market forces and the legislation led to schemes generally having similar
benefits, but the bright sparks at the CMS have also added their own
capriciousness, declining benefit structures that are innovative and attempt to
reduce some financial burden on the members. Schemes are bullied into accepting
CMS decisions because any legal attempt to get the CMS to apply the law properly
would involve significant use of members' funds - funds that could better be
spent on paying for medical procedures.

The benefit structure of the scheme is a carefully structured actuarial
calculation weighing up the lowest possible contribution rate increase with the
factors that drive up costs: new technology such as biotech drugs, ageing
members of the scheme and increased use due to lifestyle. But that the fund
should be compelled to pay for every possible medical cost, regardless of the
likely outcome, is economic madness.

The prescribed minimum benefits, as just one example and enforced by various CMS
circulars, mean that doctors have a blank cheque book for a number of procedures
that they can perform.

The ability of schemes to ensure that only cost effective and necessary
procedures are performed is severely curtailed. The result is rampant scheme
contribution inflation, which has the knock-on effect of making members demand
more benefits for their contributions.

For those whose health profiles are less adverse, there is the very real
temptation to simply opt out of the system and take a chance. But for those
members with medical conditions, there is no alternative but to just pay up and
sacrifice on other necessities in order to afford the contributions. This
process contributes to the cost spiral, fewer lower claiming members means more
people are making demands on the funds.

All schemes can do now is increase the contributions and reduce benefits where
they can. The stock response from the CMS regarding the high increases is about
the non-health expenditure of the scheme, citing the increase in administration
charges, but not mentioning that it is the direct consequence of a number of
their initiatives that have necessitated a greater administration effort. A
prime example is the still-born Risk Equalisation Fund that was supposed to come
into effect in 2006. Huge amounts of data had to be captured and processed, and
seven years later nothing has been achieved. And no one seems to notice that
while the CMS froths about schemes implementing a 9 percent increase, their
levies, which members have to pay for through the scheme, have increased by more
than 15 percent.

What needs to be done? The issues of National Health Insurance and medical
schemes need to be completely separated. And then the roles of private sector
and government need to be understood in the following context: In society you
get things that are good for society and things that are bad for society. If
there is something that is bad for society and it makes money, we call it
"crime". If there is something that is bad for society and it doesn't make money
we call it "stupid". If there is something that is good for society and it can
make money, then that is the role of enterprise to make it efficient and
effective in delivering that service that is good for society. But where there
is something that is good for society but is not profitable - like health cover
for the aged, or for the indigent who cannot pay premiums - that is the role of
government.

Medical scheme business should fall under the auspices of the Financial Services
Board and be governed by the laws that protect consumers. Market forces will
then determine how effectively a scheme is being run, and reputation will make
schemes adhere to good practices. And the government should concentrate on
getting the public sector health care in order.

Jeremy Yatt is a health care funding specialist.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Expectations of medical aid schemes are too high truthfully speaking

BYLINE:  Jeremy Yatt

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1454 words


A number of articles recently highlighted the deep unhappiness many medical aid
members feel about the value they are getting from their schemes. The articles
have demonstrated how misunderstood medical schemes are, by both members and
journalists. Medical schemes are not insurance companies and they do not
generate profits.

The "shareholders" of medical schemes are the members and all "profits" are
retained by the scheme for the benefit of members. There is no advantage to the
scheme increasing its contributions more than is absolutely necessary. But many
people don't see this, assuming that the annual increases are to fund the lavish
lifestyles of scheme managers.

Unfortunately, the largest medical scheme at the moment has deliberately chosen
to blur the relationship between the scheme and its administrator - they call it
alignment - to the extent that the chief executive of the administration company
often comments on issues that must have been determined by the board of trustees
of the scheme. And it no doubt does perturb some members of that scheme that the
administration company, that is part of a successful listed organisation, does
very nicely.

It is without question that the governance of schemes is problematic. Trustees
are elected by members at general meetings, sometimes in dubious circumstances
where a minute fraction of the membership is actually in attendance, and there
are very little standards to govern their competence or integrity. They deal
with vast sums of money and there is often a temptation for trustees to further
their own interests, at the expense of the members that they are supposed to be
representing.

And the finger of blame for the high costs that is pointed at medical providers
- doctors and hospitals - is not as straightforward as it might seem. Doctors
study long and hard to achieve their qualifications, regularly deal with life
and death situations and carry great responsibility.

It seems churlish to expect them to earn significantly less than executives of
financial service organisations who have far less riding on their decisions.
Imposing price control on these specialists will only contribute to the flight
of vital expertise from the country. And the correlation between high medical
fees and medical aid contributions is misguided. The real villain of the decline
of medical aids is the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), the regulator that
purports to manage the industry.

Since the introduction of the Medical Schemes Act 131 of 1998 and subsequent
amendments, a slew of well-meaning but ultimately disadvantageous legislation
has significantly contributed to the cost of medical aid. The registrar's
office, which is the executive arm of the CMS, is run by a group of people who
have never been in charge of a medical scheme, yet they seem to think that they
know better than the professional fund managers and the boards with years of
experience.

Regular diktats in the form of circulars are sent out, instructing schemes what
they may or may not do, generally attempting to fix the "unintended
consequences" of previous circulars that were poorly thought out. Medical
schemes, which are peculiar to South Africa, are an interesting mix of market
and socialist legislation. The basic idea that people contribute to a fund that
assists members to defray medical expenses is laudable. The principle of
cross-subsidisation, where younger, healthier and wealthier members (not
everyone can tick each of those descriptions, unfortunately) help make the
scheme more affordable for those who use more of the scheme's benefits, can only
work if there are more lower claimers than higher claimers.

Lower claimers, generally speaking, are younger people lower down on the
economic ladder as they start their careers, but it is they who find the least
value in schemes. Very little thought is given to improve their perception of
value in the scheme in terms of benefit design, but any attempt to do so is
immediately shot down by the CMS. It's almost as if they want to see the medical
scheme industry fail.

Medical schemes were originally designed to help members and not cover every
possible cost. Benefit design in the 1990s created an expectation in members'
minds that all sorts of costs, like physiotherapy, optometry and prophylactic
dentistry should be covered.

These are examples of uninsurable benefits and should be viewed in the same
irritating category as blocked drains and fused electrics, unexpected day to day
expenditure. The medical scheme should really be seen as a buffer to protect you
from catastrophic medical expenditure. Things like cancer, major trauma and
debilitating diseases are examples of what is insurable.

Schemes have to register their benefit structures with the CMS, which is
supposed to use the act and regulations as its basis for approving the proposed
structure.

Market forces and the legislation led to schemes generally having similar
benefits, but the bright sparks at the CMS have also added their own
capriciousness, declining benefit structures that are innovative and attempt to
reduce some financial burden on the members. Schemes are bullied into accepting
CMS decisions because any legal attempt to get the CMS to apply the law properly
would involve significant use of members' funds - funds that could better be
spent on paying for medical procedures.

The benefit structure of the scheme is a carefully structured actuarial
calculation weighing up the lowest possible contribution rate increase with the
factors that drive up costs: new technology such as biotech drugs, ageing
members of the scheme and increased use due to lifestyle. But that the fund
should be compelled to pay for every possible medical cost, regardless of the
likely outcome, is economic madness.

The prescribed minimum benefits, as just one example and enforced by various CMS
circulars, mean that doctors have a blank cheque book for a number of procedures
that they can perform.

The ability of schemes to ensure that only cost effective and necessary
procedures are performed is severely curtailed. The result is rampant scheme
contribution inflation, which has the knock-on effect of making members demand
more benefits for their contributions.

For those whose health profiles are less adverse, there is the very real
temptation to simply opt out of the system and take a chance. But for those
members with medical conditions, there is no alternative but to just pay up and
sacrifice on other necessities in order to afford the contributions. This
process contributes to the cost spiral, fewer lower claiming members means more
people are making demands on the funds.

All schemes can do now is increase the contributions and reduce benefits where
they can. The stock response from the CMS regarding the high increases is about
the non-health expenditure of the scheme, citing the increase in administration
charges, but not mentioning that it is the direct consequence of a number of
their initiatives that have necessitated a greater administration effort. A
prime example is the still-born Risk Equalisation Fund that was supposed to come
into effect in 2006. Huge amounts of data had to be captured and processed, and
seven years later nothing has been achieved. And no one seems to notice that
while the CMS froths about schemes implementing a 9 percent increase, their
levies, which members have to pay for through the scheme, have increased by more
than 15 percent.

What needs to be done? The issues of National Health Insurance and medical
schemes need to be completely separated. And then the roles of private sector
and government need to be understood in the following context: In society you
get things that are good for society and things that are bad for society. If
there is something that is bad for society and it makes money, we call it
"crime". If there is something that is bad for society and it doesn't make money
we call it "stupid". If there is something that is good for society and it can
make money, then that is the role of enterprise to make it efficient and
effective in delivering that service that is good for society. But where there
is something that is good for society but is not profitable - like health cover
for the aged, or for the indigent who cannot pay premiums - that is the role of
government.

Medical scheme business should fall under the auspices of the Financial Services
Board and be governed by the laws that protect consumers. Market forces will
then determine how effectively a scheme is being run, and reputation will make
schemes adhere to good practices. And the government should concentrate on
getting the public sector health care in order.

Jeremy Yatt is a health care funding specialist.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 18, 2012 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Gems may ingest small schemes;
zz Members may switch after ruling opens state medical aid

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654 words


The decision by the independent appeals board for medical schemes that the
Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) could no longer pick and choose which
government employees it accepted as members could see more small schemes vanish,
hastening consolidation in the industry, health experts said this week.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) announced last week that the independent
appeals board had ruled that Gems must comply with legislation and accept any
and all individuals or groups that wished to join the scheme, as long as they
were employees of the government or of a public entity or were previously
employed by these organs.

The independent appeals board has recently made several milestone rulings on
cases where the CMS and schemes clashed.

These include a ruling made last year that obese people could not be denied
joint replacement surgery.

The board looks at appeals made by schemes on rulings of the CMS. It arbitrates
between these two bodies.

In 2009 Gems amended its eligibility requirements for becoming a member to
exclude major public enterprises and employees of municipalities or other local
government departments, administrations, organisational components and agencies.

MarinÃ© Erasmus, a healthcare economist from Econex, said that if more people
were to join Gems now, there could be some effect on the smaller schemes where
the people migrating to Gems might have been members before.

"The trend of smaller schemes consolidating with the bigger ones should, however
continue, irrespective of this decision," she said.

Erasmus said that with the principles of open enrolment, smaller schemes' risk
pools were too small and in some cases it was often beneficial for members if
the small schemes became part of larger schemes with broader risk pools.

But she also said that most of the new members who would join Gems could be new
to the medical schemes' population as they did not belong to any medical scheme
previously. She said in this case, the move would not have any direct effect on
the smaller schemes.

Heidi Kruger, the spokeswoman for the Board of Healthcare Funders, said the best
aspect of the decision was that pensioners would have the same subsidy from
employers if they moved to Gems.

"It's a correct concept, which we really applaud, that pensioners would also
move with other employees," she said.

Jean Pierre Verster, an analyst at 36One Asset Management, said that it seemed
that Gems was trying to prevent some high-risk individuals, pensioners and older
people from joining the scheme.

But with this ruling, more people with high-risk profiles could join the scheme.
This could affect the scheme's solvency ratio, Verster noted.

"It would increase the number of lives covered by Gems but it would also affect
its solvency as people with high risk profiles have higher expenditure on health
care. But I don't anticipate it to have a material impact," he said.

Gems is the largest restricted medical scheme in the country, covering almost
1.5 million lives at the end of December 2010.

The scheme has persistently tried since 2009 to change one of its rules to
render certain applicants ineligible for membership.

Unlike open medical aid schemes, restricted medical schemes are allowed to limit
their membership in accordance with specific eligibility criteria specified in
the Medical Schemes Act.

But the CMS consistently rejected Gems' attempts to limit its accessibility,
arguing that its eligibility criteria were inconsistent with sections of the
Medical Schemes Act.

Gems principal officer Eugene Watson said the ruling pertained to a wider scope
of eligibility than that of the public service, as captured in Gems rules since
inception.

"The board of trustees is considering all options available to it in so far as
the ruling of the appeals board (is concerned). The scheme will not comment on
the matter until a preferred course of action has been decided upon and
implemented."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 18, 2012 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Gems may ingest small schemes;
zz Members may switch after ruling opens state medical aid

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654 words


The decision by the independent appeals board for medical schemes that the
Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) could no longer pick and choose which
government employees it accepted as members could see more small schemes vanish,
hastening consolidation in the industry, health experts said this week.

The Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) announced last week that the independent
appeals board had ruled that Gems must comply with legislation and accept any
and all individuals or groups that wished to join the scheme, as long as they
were employees of the government or of a public entity or were previously
employed by these organs.

The independent appeals board has recently made several milestone rulings on
cases where the CMS and schemes clashed.

These include a ruling made last year that obese people could not be denied
joint replacement surgery.

The board looks at appeals made by schemes on rulings of the CMS. It arbitrates
between these two bodies.

In 2009 Gems amended its eligibility requirements for becoming a member to
exclude major public enterprises and employees of municipalities or other local
government departments, administrations, organisational components and agencies.

MarinÃ© Erasmus, a healthcare economist from Econex, said that if more people
were to join Gems now, there could be some effect on the smaller schemes where
the people migrating to Gems might have been members before.

"The trend of smaller schemes consolidating with the bigger ones should, however
continue, irrespective of this decision," she said.

Erasmus said that with the principles of open enrolment, smaller schemes' risk
pools were too small and in some cases it was often beneficial for members if
the small schemes became part of larger schemes with broader risk pools.

But she also said that most of the new members who would join Gems could be new
to the medical schemes' population as they did not belong to any medical scheme
previously. She said in this case, the move would not have any direct effect on
the smaller schemes.

Heidi Kruger, the spokeswoman for the Board of Healthcare Funders, said the best
aspect of the decision was that pensioners would have the same subsidy from
employers if they moved to Gems.

"It's a correct concept, which we really applaud, that pensioners would also
move with other employees," she said.

Jean Pierre Verster, an analyst at 36One Asset Management, said that it seemed
that Gems was trying to prevent some high-risk individuals, pensioners and older
people from joining the scheme.

But with this ruling, more people with high-risk profiles could join the scheme.
This could affect the scheme's solvency ratio, Verster noted.

"It would increase the number of lives covered by Gems but it would also affect
its solvency as people with high risk profiles have higher expenditure on health
care. But I don't anticipate it to have a material impact," he said.

Gems is the largest restricted medical scheme in the country, covering almost
1.5 million lives at the end of December 2010.

The scheme has persistently tried since 2009 to change one of its rules to
render certain applicants ineligible for membership.

Unlike open medical aid schemes, restricted medical schemes are allowed to limit
their membership in accordance with specific eligibility criteria specified in
the Medical Schemes Act.

But the CMS consistently rejected Gems' attempts to limit its accessibility,
arguing that its eligibility criteria were inconsistent with sections of the
Medical Schemes Act.

Gems principal officer Eugene Watson said the ruling pertained to a wider scope
of eligibility than that of the public service, as captured in Gems rules since
inception.

"The board of trustees is considering all options available to it in so far as
the ruling of the appeals board (is concerned). The scheme will not comment on
the matter until a preferred course of action has been decided upon and
implemented."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Benefits and affordability key to your scheme staying afloat;
In 2010, more than half of medical scheme options operated at a loss. And your
ability to find a financially viable way of funding your medical expenses is
going to get even more difficult in the future, according to a top healthcare
consultant. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1045 words


Your ability to afford your medical scheme contributions and the benefits you
enjoy for your premiums |are crucial factors that should be considered when the
ability of medical schemes to survive financially is considered, a healthcare
consultant says.

Looking at schemes' financial results and their reserves as a |percentage of
their contribution income, or solvency ratio, is not |sufficient, Stan Eiser, an
independent consultant on healthcare business, says.

Eiser says medical schemes have become overly dependent on members in low-value
middle-of-the-range options to subsidise their lower-cost and higher-cost
options.

Statistics in the Council for Medical Schemes's latest annual report, for the
2010 year, show that an "alarming" 55 percent or 177 of 319 medical scheme
options recorded operating losses, Eiser says.

The percentage of all schemes with overall operating losses was 55 percent.

About 42 percent of all medical scheme beneficiaries are in options that have
claims ratios of 90 percent or more and which are making losses after
non-healthcare expenses such as administration and managed healthcare are
deducted.

Eiser says just 17 percent of all medical scheme beneficiaries are in options
that have claims ratios of less than 70 percent of contribution income. Another
nine percent are in options that have claims ratios of between 70 and 79
percent.

The surpluses from the low-value options are being used to subsidise the
loss-making options, he says.

The strength and resilience of this small segment of the market to keep the
private healthcare system from breaking apart is an issue, Eiser says.

He says there is a total lack of information about the extent to which medical
scheme benefits are being eroded each year as schemes struggle to balance their
books.

Healthcare costs are rising at rates well above inflation and schemes that have
not contracted with providers face an open-ended liability for claims for the
prescribed minimum benefits - the benefits that all schemes must provide.

At the same time, schemes are expected by the Council for Medical Schemes to
contain their increases to no more than three percentage points above inflation
unless they have good reasons.

And schemes need to be mindful of the increases they pass on because, generally,
members' salary increases are inflation-linked.

Eiser says no one is measuring the extent to which members in
middle-of-the-range options can afford contribution increases combined with the
erosion of their |benefits and their resultant out-of-pocket expenses.

He says benefits are the stock in trade of medical schemes, but |without knowing
the change in the average value of benefits you can buy with your contributions,
it is impossible to measure the real (after-inflation) increase in your
contributions or to quantify the additional load medical scheme members have to
carry to fund increasing co-payments or self-funded benefits.

"Without knowing ... the capacity of the medical scheme consumer market ... to
fund ever-increasing premiums and higher co- and self-payments, particularly in
the segment which is carrying the major load, it is impossible to estimate how
much time the system has left before it snaps the market and goes into unmanaged
collapse."

heavy cross-subsidisation

Eiser says the medical schemes industry has defended the heavy
cross-subsidisation that is taking place across options.

Reasons put forward have been that lower-end options need to be subsidised by
options supported by higher earners, while more comprehensive options tend to
attract sicker members whose claims need to be subsidised by the contributions
of healthier members on |middle-of-the-range options.

In 2010, when Eiser highlighted the high number of loss-making options, Dr
Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, said that while the Medical
Schemes Act requires scheme options to be self-sustaining - that is,
contributions should cover all claims and expenses - loss-making options |cannot
always just be closed or the contributions raised.

Solutions to the problem often took a long time, the registrar said.

Although cross-subsidisation is unavoidable and necessary,
over-cross-subsidisation is financially reckless, Eiser says.

While it is not possible to close all loss-making options, consideration must be
given to closing those that are clearly commercially unsustainable, he says.

Eiser says no matter how valid the reasons put forward for maintaining
loss-making options, it does not lessen the risk to the system. The consumer
does not have enough money to support the level of profitability and the growth
in profits of all the commercially independent medical providers the system has
become accustomed to.

A new way of approaching health care is required, he says.

Schemes need to reimburse healthcare providers, managed healthcare providers and
administrators based on their performance, rather than fees being paid
regardless of the outcome for the scheme, as is currently the case, he says.

Eiser says government proposals contained in draft regulations under the
insurance acts that propose banning certain health insurance products give even
greater urgency to the need for information on benefit erosion in medical
schemes.

The need for, and increase in, |top-up and gap cover has been driven by medical
scheme benefits decreasing and by the remaining benefits becoming increasingly
unaffordable, Eiser says.

He says the government wants to abolish the short-term policies |people are
increasingly relying on because medical schemes are losing their usefulness.

But he says there is a lack of data on whether these insurance products are
attracting younger and healthier people and the impact on medical schemes.

He also says data is needed to prove that medical scheme members are
intentionally buying down |and then purchasing less expensive gap or top-up
insurance.

Some medical schemes have developed provider networks that members can use to
ensure they do not face gaps in their medical cover, but Eiser says this is in
its infancy and, given the pressure on the system, may be too little far too
late.

Building cost-effective networks that provide acceptable quality and reasonable
access for members is a massive exercise that takes years to put in place, Eiser
says.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical industry at odds over treating PMBs;
The PMB system, under which you are guaranteed treatment of certain conditions
by your medical scheme, is causing headaches for schemes and service providers
alike, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 800 words


Minimum benefits, which are the backbone of your medical scheme, face serious
threats of being undermined by legal uncertainties, unsustainable billing
practices and non-compliance with the law, key roleplayers said this week.

The problems have continued for a number of years now, despite warnings from the
regulator of medical schemes, rulings from its appeal board, approaches to the
Minister of Health, previous task teams, draft regulations, legal action and
threatened legal action.

This week, the Council for Medical Schemes, which regulates schemes, called a
workshop to set up a task team to look at problems surrounding prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs).

One of the task team's first jobs will be to draw up a code of conduct for PMBs
that will be binding on medical schemes, doctors and other healthcare providers,
to ensure that you are protected. The aim is to have the code in place by June
30.

But while the Council for Medical Schemes, patient rights groups, doctors and
other providers outlined the main problem as compliance with the spirit of the
PMB legislation (see "Schemes not complying with regulations in many PMB claims
- council", below), medical schemes warned that PMB costs and billing practices
threaten their viability.

At the end of 2008, rulings from the Appeal Board of the Council for Medical
Schemes confirmed that PMB regulations should be interpreted to mean that
schemes must pay PMB claims at whatever rate doctors and other healthcare
providers charge. But schemes believe this gives providers a blank cheque for
billing for PMBs and leaves schemes facing open-ended claims.

unlimited liabilities

Jonathan Broomberg, the deputy chief executive of Discovery Health, the
country's largest administrator, told the workshop that unlimited liabilities
for PMBs are untenable for medical schemes and will impact negatively on members
through higher contributions.

Andrew Wright, Oxygen's operations executive, said "this is desperate stuff" and
if not addressed will result in unaffordable contributions and more people
relying on the government for health care.

Broomberg says schemes face a fundamental contradiction in being forced to
provide the PMBs regardless of cost and simultaneously to keep contribution
increases to within inflation plus three percent.

Medical schemes are expected to motivate to the Council for Medical Schemes for
the need for increases higher than this, and the regulator has, in the past,
refused to authorise "unjustified" increases.

The Council for Medical Schemes, however, told the workshop it has not found
evidence of widespread abuse of the PMBs by healthcare providers and, in fact,
providers are charging slightly less on average for PMBs than they do for
non-PMB healthcare services.

The council's survey of 9 975 different services found that, on average, claims
for non-PMB services are charged at 107.4 percent of the guideline Reference
Price List (RPL) tariffs while charges for PMB services are at 107 percent of
RPL.

Neil Nair, the principal officer of Samwumed, however, argued that while errant
behaviour by providers may currently be small, schemes fear where it may go.

Broomberg says the medical scheme industry, including schemes and providers, has
been confused by the different legal interpretations of their PMB obligations,
and the absence of the RPL for 2010 is causing chaos for all stakeholders.

constitutional right

Representatives of doctor organisations said there would be fewer issues with
overcharging if doctors were properly remunerated for their services.

They also suggested that schemes set up designated service providers (DSPs) to
contain costs.

But Broomberg says schemes have had great difficulty setting up DSPs at
affordable tariffs because of the scarcity of doctors and the small scale of
some schemes.

Kurt Worrall-Clare, the chief executive officer of the Hospital Association of
South Africa, warned against attempting to reduce members' rights to PMBs,
saying that consumers have a right to health care under the constitution.

Adri Kok, of the Faculty of Consulting Physicians of South Africa, said schemes
are not accountable for the DSP arrangements they make, and their medical
advisers are not accountable for the funding decisions they make.

Kok says doctors have to use their consultation time to write letters and make
phone calls motivating schemes to pay for services, and then explaining the
scheme's decision to patients.

As a result, patients often do not benefit from the PMBs as they should, she
says.

Worrall-Clare says DSP arrangements are often not explained to medical members
and they are not given sufficient details on request.

When a scheme's DSP is unable to meet a member's needs, for example due to a
lack of beds, he says, schemes do not make alternative arrangements for members.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               September 03, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Recession may drive consolidation in medical scheme industry

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 429  words


Recession may drive consolidation in medical scheme industry

TAMAR KAHN

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - A decline in investment income and continued job cuts due to the
recession are likely to drive consolidation in the medical scheme industry as
more schemes become financially unsustainable, the acting registrar of medical
schemes Patrick Matshidze has warned.

Consolidation is a mixed blessing: fewer schemes means less choice for
consumers, but bigger schemes are more stable and have greater bargaining power
with suppliers.

Schemes took a knock in their investments last year, even before the recession
hit home, he said.

Net investments and other income decreased 12,3% to R3,4bn, according to the
council's 2008-09 annual report, released in Pretoria yesterday.

The publication reviews medical schemes operations for the 2008 calendar year,
and the council's finances for the fiscal year ending in March.

The effect of the recession on medical schemes was likely to be compounded by
pre-existing industry pressures, said Matshidze.

"Schemes are under financial pressure as a consequence of the ageing profile
(among) open schemes and ... the high cost of services from doctors and
hospital(s)," he said in a telephone interview from Pretoria.

The age profile of open schemes, which were available to anyone who could afford
the monthly fees, had risen as members switched to the Government Employees
Medical Scheme, he said. Older members presented a greater liability for schemes
, as they were more likely to become sick.

Many large companies have shed jobs this year. When people lose their jobs, they
often forfeit their medical cover, as many companies subsidise their employees'
medical scheme contributions or provide cover through an in-house medical scheme
that is restricted to their workers.

Medical scheme contributions are often one of the biggest expenses that a
household faces, second only to mortgage payments.

By the end of last year, more schemes than ever were operating at a loss, said
Madshidze. "We are monitoring the situation closely."

Seventy-seven schemes made operating deficits last year, 20 of them had
operating deficits greater than R20m according to the annual report. He said
schemes with an operating deficit and low solvency levels were particularly
worrying as they had limited scope to dip into their reserves to pay claims.

High-impact schemes with net healthcare deficits of more than R20m and solvency
levels below the industry average of 36,6% included Oxygen, Momentum Health,
Medcor, Fedhealth, Polmed and Pro Sano.

kahnt@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Economic crisis means radical action is needed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 671 words


Findings from the National Association of Pensions Funds' (NAPF) latest survey
Pension Provision and The Economic Crisis show that 52% of defined benefit
(salary-related) pension schemes currently open to new members could close as a
result of the current economic crisis.

This is equivalent to 1,000 pension schemes.

The survey shows that, over the last five months, the likelihood that employers
will make changes to their schemein the wake of the current economic environment
has increased significantly.

It is not just employers' views that have changed.

Workers' confidence in pensions has also evaporated over the past year. In
September 2008, at the height of the stock market gyrations, NAPF's Pensions
Confidence Index stood at a healthy +22%.

Three months later, the Confidence Index is barely in positive territory,
standing at just +1%.

The NAPF has called on the Government to take radical action and provide the
same bold approach to the pensions sector as it has given to others such as
banking and small business.

The NAPF Action Plan calls for measures that will:

Enhance scheme member security by making the Government the ultimate guarantor
of the Pension Protection Fund.

Build member confidence through Joint Government/industry information campaigns
on the importance of pension saving.

Improving scheme efficiencies to reduce costs (for example, by facilitating
scheme consolidation) by Government, regulators and the pensions industry
working together to mitigate the drags on pension provision.

Ease pressure on scheme sponsors through the greater issuance by Government of
long-dated gilts which will ease the pressure on schemes ponsor balance sheets
and, beneficially, provide Government with access to funding at low rates of
interest.

Help schemes manage their liabilities by allowing them flexibility in setting
their scheme rules on the key issues of retirement ages and indexation.

Help schemes manage their deficits by allowing longer periods over which these
schemes can make good funding shortfalls, including pushing back trigger points
(that is, the point at which the Pensions Regulator will investigate schemes)
from10 to 15 years. In the current environment this will give schemes some
flexibility.

NAPF Chief Executive, Joanne Segars, said: "These exceptional times call for
exceptional measures and new thinking.

"We have seen bold action from the Government in response to the crisis in other
key areas and similar action is now needed for the UK's pension schemes.

"With so many schemes set to close to new members and employee confidence in
pensions evaporating, this is a now or never moment if we want to see defined
benefit schemes remain a key part of the UK's pension landscape."

KEY RESEARCH FINDINGS

Significant closures of open defined benefit schemes to new employees - In the
next five years, 52% of defined benefit (salary-related) schemes which currently
remain open to new members expect to close this option. The NAPF believes these
changes will happen sooner rather than later and is equivalent to the closure of
1,000 UK private sector schemes.

Closures of defined benefit schemes to existing members - 24% of schemes which
remain open to new members and 27% which are closed intend to switch existing
members to some form of defined contribution or hybrid/career average scheme.

Economic crisis predicted to have a severe impact on schemes open to new members
- 96% of schemes surveyed believe that the economic crisis has made the closure
of defined benefit schemes more likely (72% said closure was much more likely,
24% said a little more likely).

Large fall in employee confidence in workplace pensions - In research conducted
just before Christmas, the NAPF pensions confidence index had fallen back to
just +1%, from a figure of +22% in September 2008. The fall meant that the index
was lower than in February 2008 when the result was +3%. The gains in confidence
made in the middle two quarters of 2008 were lost in the final quarter.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Research shows that 52 per cent of defined benefit pension schemes
could close to new members as a result of the economic downturn

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 March 12, 2002

Greencore seeks union approval for pension plan

BYLINE: By BRENDAN MCGRATH, Markets Editor

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 523 words


Foods group Greencore is involved in discussions with trade unions MSF and SIPTU
on a proposal to introduce a defined contributions (DC) pension scheme for new
employees and also to amalgamate existing separate pension schemes for manual
grades and white-collar staff.

Greencore employs about 3,000 people in Ireland and its proposal to introduce a
DC scheme while freezing its existing defined benefits (DB) scheme is thought to
be one of the first such moves by a major Irish employer.

Under the terms of the proposal, existing staff would retain their DB pension
but new employees would enter a new DC scheme.

Defined benefits pension schemes provide a guaranteed level of pension - linked
to an employee's length of service. In contrast, defined contribution schemes do
not provide a guaranteed level of pension and pensioners' benefits are dependent
on the performance of the fund.

There is a growing move in both Ireland and the UK towards defined contribution
schemes and most of the so-called "new economy" industries operate DC schemes.

But sources in the pension industry have indicated that one Irish employer in 12
is currently considering closing their existing DB schemes to new employees and
instead putting them into DC schemes.

Greencore is thought to be one of the first "traditional" industries to formally
propose closing its DB scheme and opening a DC scheme for new employees. While
some unions have taken policy decisions to resist the introduction of DC schemes
, others are thought to be adopting a position that as long as existing members
of DB schemes have their status preserved, then they are not opposed in
principle to DC schemes for new employees.

Greencore sources said the proposal to switch to DC for new entrants is not a
cost issue, but one of liability. People are, in general, living longer and this
has potentially serious implications for the funding of DB schemes which
guarantee a level of pension which is usually indexed to inflation up to an
upper limit.

The introduction of the FRS17 accounting standard, which requires firms to
recognise pension surpluses or deficits on their balance sheets is another
factor in the move towards DC schemes, as regular variations in the funding of
the pension scheme would then have an impact on earnings.

As well as looking for an introduction of a DC pension scheme for new employees,
Greencore is also seeking to amalgamate its existing manual and staff schemes.

MSF official Ms Noirin Greene said the company had not yet submitted a detailed
proposal to the unions while the unions themselves were looking for improvements
in the schemes, including the integration of the State pension and a lowering of
the retirement age.

The Greencore pension schemes are currently in solid financial shape with the
last actuarial valuation showing that liabilities are covered 116 per cent by
the funds' assets. The Irish schemes had a surplus of more than EUR85 million
although the British schemes show a deficit of almost EUR30 million.

Further negotiations on pensions between Greencore and the unions are expected
this week.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              336 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                      DFA

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

Why you're paying more for healthcare cover

LENGTH: 1832  words


This is part 3 of a four-part series on you and your medical scheme. Click here
for part 1 and here for part 2.

Some of South Africa's biggest medical schemes have announced significant
contribution hikes for 2017. Even more worrying is that, on some schemes, the
increases were accompanied by a reduction in benefits, which means that members
will be paying more for less.

Fedhealth's principal officer, Jeremy Yatt, says this is a symptom of the
increasing financial pressure on schemes. "Unlike other types of insurance,
medical schemes derive no benefit from higher contributions, because there are
no shareholders, dividends or bonuses to be paid out," he says. "Rather, it's an
indication that the current medical scheme model in South Africa is deeply
flawed."

The annual report published by the Council for Medical Schemes (CMS) provides an
overview of how the industry is faring. The latest report, for 2015/16,
highlights two trends that show that all is not well.

o[#x202f]Scheme membership is not growing. For the first time since the CMS
published its annual report in 1993, the number of beneficiaries fell in 2015.
The number of beneficiaries decreased from 8.814[#x202f]million in 2014 to
8.809[#x202f]million in 2015, a small decrease of 0.06[#x202f]percent. If
schemes do not grow their membership, they cannot collect more contributions to
cover the rising cost of health care.

o[#x202f]The gross claims ratio is deteriorating. The gross claims ratio is a
measure of the average amount of money schemes spend on health benefits as a
proportion of the contributions they receive. The ideal claims ratio is about
85[#x202f]percent, or R85 for every R100 received as income. This leaves R15 to
pay administration expenses and contribute to reserves. A claims ratio of over
100 indicates that a scheme is operationally insolvent.

According to the CMS's annual report, the average gross claims ratio was
91.6[#x202f]percent at the end of 2015. This means that, for every R100 received
from contributions, R91.60 was spent on health claims. In 2014, the gross claims
ratio was 88.7[#x202f]percent, and in 2013 it was 86.4 percent. Of the 276
options registered at the end of 2015, over half (54.7[#x202f]percent) incurred
net operational losses, up from 53.3 percent in 2014.

The cost of medical scheme membership is putting a strain on the budgets of most
people. Schemes, for their part, are hiking contributions because it is becoming
more expensive to provide you with benefits. The cost pressures on schemes are
the result of the following factors:

o[#x202f]Increasing use of healthcare services by members. Many people assume
the main reason it costs schemes more to cover the cost of claims each year is
because the tariffs charged by doctors, hospitals and other providers keep
rising. However, recent research has found that it is, in fact, members making
increasing use of medical services. The CMS, in a circular on the contribution
increases that schemes implemented at the beginning of this year, stated that,
of the average increase of nine percent, 3.1[#x202f]percentage points was a
result of the increased utilisation of medical services. When the cost of claims
increases by more than the inflation rate, it typically translates into high
contributions for members, unless their scheme finds ways to contain costs or
has sufficient reserves to cushion the higher cost.

Recently, some schemes have detected a sharp rise in hospital and
hospital-related claims. These schemes believe this is in part a result of
several private hospitals being built. Over the past eight years, 25 new
hospitals with 2[#x202f]653 beds have opened. Schemes say new hospitals result
in a significant increase in hospital admissions among members, although the
prevalence of disease does not increase. However, at least one economist has
questioned the robustness of the research behind this claim.

o[#x202f]The spiralling cost of providing the prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs). The PMBs cover all medical emergencies, a list of conditions that are
life-threatening or that can seriously affect your quality of life if left
untreated and 25 common chronic conditions. Medical schemes are obliged to pay
PMB claims in full, regardless of what a healthcare provider charges. Data
clearly shows that, as a result, some providers are inflating their tariffs for
PMB services.

This points to another problem that schemes face: the absence of any regulated
ethical or guideline tariffs for healthcare services. Guideline tariffs were in
place until 2010, when they were struck down by the North Gauteng High Court on
the grounds that the process by which they were drawn up was flawed. Since then,
there has been no process whereby the organisations that represent healthcare
providers and medical schemes respectively can negotiate set tariffs.

o[#x202f]The increase in chronic illnesses. Globally, 60 to 70[#x202f]percent of
deaths are the result of respiratory disease, diabetes, cancer and
cardiovascular disease. On average, the cost of claims by members with chronic
diseases is much higher than the cost of claims by members without chronic
diseases.

Apart from the prevalence of chronic diseases, the age and gender profile of a
scheme's beneficiaries affects its claims experience. For example, elderly
beneficiaries with more chronic conditions are expected to have higher claims.
The average age of scheme members has increased slightly each year over the past
decade, from 31.7 years in 2005 to 32.1 years in 2015, according to the CMS's
2014/15 annual report. For every one percent increase in the average age of the
members of a scheme, its costs increase by 1.5 to two percent.

o[#x202f]The rising cost of new medicines and technologies. For example, a new
medicine for the treatment of lymphoma (cancer of the lymph nodes) costs
R2.2[#x202f]million for an eight-month course, while a new medicine for treating
melanoma or lung cancer costs R1.4[#x202f]million for a six-month course.

o[#x202f]The poor quality of state healthcare services. If there were better
state hospital facilities, Yatt says members would be able to use public
facilities, which would cost schemes less.

o[#x202f]The cost of medical malpractice insurance is rising. Yatt says that, as
South Africa becomes an increasingly litigious society, the number of
malpractice and negligence suits is on the rise. The cost of insurance is
sky-high for practitioners, particularly those who practise in disciplines such
as gynaecology and neurology. Doctors recover the higher premiums by charging
higher tariffs.

o Increasing fraud, which results in schemes paying unnecessary or excessive
claims. The tough economic climate and the record level of unemployment has led
to an increase in fraud and abuse among members. However, healthcare
practitioners also commit fraud, typically by over-billing.

o[#x202f]The healthcare system is fragmented. In countries such as the United
States and India, doctors are salaried employees of a medical centre, which
charges a single overall cost for a procedure, Yatt says. In South Africa, it is
more difficult to estimate what an operation will cost, because the various
components, such as use of the ward and theatre, anaesthetist, consulting doctor
and surgeon, are charged for separately. As a result, schemes cannot negotiate
with one provider for a lower tariff.

o[#x202f]Anti-selection, which is when someone joins a medical scheme only when
he or she is ill and needs to claim. It is possible to do this, because, by law,
open medical schemes have to admit anyone who applies to join and may impose
only limited waiting periods, during which new members cannot claim certain
benefits. Restricted schemes (those limited to people who work for a certain
employer or group of employers) are obliged to admit anyone who is eligible for
membership and typically do not apply any waiting periods.

o[#x202f]High mandatory reserves. By law, schemes are obliged to hold
25[#x202f]percent of contributions as reserves to protect schemes against large
claims. Many experts say this percentage is unnecessarily high and that schemes'
reserves should be aligned to their exposure to risk. This would free up
reserves, which schemes could use to provide you with better benefits.

o[#x202f]Absence of regulatory reform. The government's decision to implement a
National Health Insurance (NHI) system has resulted in the regulation of the
medical schemes industry being neglected. A number of proposed reforms that
could make schemes more sustainable and reduce members' contributions have
apparently been abandoned, because the focus is almost exclusively on NHI (see
Regulatory reforms could benefit medical scheme members).

Yatt says an example of how legislation does not support schemes is that it
prohibits schemes from rewarding or penalising members based on their claims
behaviour. For example, they can't lower your contributions if you don't claim
for a certain number of years, or raise them if you claim too often, as is the
case with car insurance. As a result, Yatt says, there are no real incentives
for members to take responsibility for their health.

'WE NEED TO WORK TOGETHER'

Unless the government and all role-players, including members, work together to
tackle the legislative environment and cost drivers, medical scheme membership
will continue to rise above the headline inflation rate, making it more of a
grudge purchase than it is already, Jeremy Yatt, the principal officer of
Fedhealth, says.

Yatt says some of the challenges facing medical schemes could be overcome if:

o There was regulation to support schemes. For example, if the government
introduced caps on the tariffs charged by healthcare providers, this would
alleviate the cost pressure on schemes. The government could also make it
compulsory for young people who earn above a certain amount to join a medical
scheme. This would provide schemes with the income to subsidise the expenses
incurred by older, sicker members, and it would reduce costs for members across
the board.

o People made it a priority to be healthy by exercising, eating correctly and
not smoking. For example, South Africa is experiencing a steady increase in
rates of obesity, which can give rise to a host of medical costs, such as
chronic medication, operations to relieve joint problems, and an increased risk
of heart attacks and strokes. Schemes will have to pass on these higher costs in
the form of contribution increases for members.

o All roleplayers worked together. Doctors, hospital groups, medical schemes and
the government should co-operate to encourage people to live a healthy lifestyle
and use healthcare services and medical scheme benefits responsibly.

Yatt says all roleplayers want to provide a good-quality service to the
community and be properly remunerated. Instead of medical schemes competing
against each other by chasing a small pool of members, they should work together
to fulfil their obligations to their members, while remaining sustainable.

DFA  1999 - 2016 Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited. All rights strictly
reserved.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/392/1303/64/148023408094.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1303


             Copyright 2016 DFA Independent Newspaper (Pty) Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

MPs praise gold scheme, but don't opt for it

BYLINE: khushboo narayan

LENGTH: 1349  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


IT IS not just those who have parked gold in family lockers or banks and temple
trusts who are not enthused by the government's gold monetisation scheme.
India's lawmakers, who collectively hold at least 710 kgs of gold, too do not
appear to be convinced when it comes to participating in the scheme which is
aimed at tapping idle gold and reducing the country's import bill in the medium
term.

Several Members of Parliament (MPs) who The Indian Express spoke to praised the
scheme as pragmatic, but admitted that they haven't opted for the scheme yet.

An analysis of the pre-election affidavits of all sitting MPs - both Lok Sabha
and Rajya Sabha - shows that they, their families and dependents collectively
hold at least 710 kgs of gold in the form of bullion, coins and jewellery.

In November 2015, Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the gold monetisation
scheme to tap part of an estimated 20,000 tonnes of idle gold worth Rs 5,40,000
crore lying in family lockers and temples into the banking system and reduce
India's reliance on gold imports in the long run. India's current account
deficit - the excess of imports over exports - shot up to as high as 4.9 per
cent of GDP in June 2013 as Indians imported about 400 tonnes of gold. This
forced the government to clamp down on gold imports by raising duty to 10 per
cent and imposing other restrictions such as requiring traders to export 20 per
cent of the precious metal they bought overseas.Gold prices have climbed by 26
per cent in the last 12 months.

Gold prices have climbed by 26 per cent in the last 12 months.

The government has so far been able to mobilise only 2,891 kgs of gold from
about 105 depositors under the gold scheme according to finance ministry data
released on May 16. Almost half of these have come from the richest temple of
the country, the Tirupati Balaji temple in Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh.In April,
the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), which manages the Balaji temple,
deposited 1,311 kg of gold under the three-year short term gold monetisation
scheme at an interest rate at 1.75 per cent per annum. Apart from the TTD, the
response to the scheme has been lukewarm.

In April, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), which manages the Balaji
temple, deposited 1,311 kg of gold under the three-year short term gold
monetisation scheme at an interest rate at 1.75 per cent per annum. Apart from
the TTD, the response to the scheme has been lukewarm.

"It's early days to comment on a scheme which has hardly started. But it does
not seem likely to succeed because there appears to be no reason and no
incentive for people to start purchasing these receipt bonds in this regard by
disclosing their gold holdings," Abhishek Manu Singhvi told The Indian Express.
"I have not opted for the scheme because it's too early for the scheme. I have
just heard about it," he said.

Singhvi and his wife together hold at least 24 kgs of gold jewellery, according
to his pre-election affidavit.

The government's gold monetisation scheme allows individuals to park a minimum
of 30 grams of the yellow metal with banks and earn tax-free interests of up to
2.5 per cent. Modi had urged Indian women to opt for the scheme, but
parliamentarians such as Amar Singh of Samajwadi Party feel that his wife, who
holds at least 13 kgs of gold in the form of jewellery and heirlooms, will never
allow him to opt for the scheme."I would love to put my gold in the scheme but I
have not been able to convince my wife to part with her gold holdings. I know
she will not do it and, if I opt for the scheme, it will lead to domestic
squabble which I don't want," said Singh.

"I would love to put my gold in the scheme but I have not been able to convince
my wife to part with her gold holdings. I know she will not do it and, if I opt
for the scheme, it will lead to domestic squabble which I don't want," said
Singh.Singh also said typically, middle-class families view gold and real estate
as a long-term investment. "The gold monetisation scheme is pragmatic but it
will be a herculean task for the government to unlock the gold held in Indian
households," he said.

Singh also said typically, middle-class families view gold and real estate as a
long-term investment. "The gold monetisation scheme is pragmatic but it will be
a herculean task for the government to unlock the gold held in Indian
households," he said.

BJP MP Hema Malini, who holds at least 5.4 kgs of gold, said she has not thought
about opting for the gold monetisation scheme. "I have not thought of anything
like that as of now. I will have to check up on the scheme before I comment on
it," she said.Even if the new scheme is able to mop up 200 tonnes of deposits
every year, it could help reduce India's gold import bill by Rs 60,000 crore or
over $9 billion in a year. But experts feel that the scheme may not be able to
attract depositors as it falls short in the perception of Indians.

Even if the new scheme is able to mop up 200 tonnes of deposits every year, it
could help reduce India's gold import bill by Rs 60,000 crore or over $9 billion
in a year. But experts feel that the scheme may not be able to attract
depositors as it falls short in the perception of Indians."The gold monetisation
scheme has not taken off well as most Indians hold gold in the form of jewellery
and heirlooms which they don't want to part with. Moreover, the scheme promises
to give back an equal amount of gold, and not the jewellery, to the depositor at
the end of the term. But this scheme can really work for unlocking over 2,000
tonnes of gold lying in temples across the country," said Manoj Nagpal , the
chief executive officer of Outlook Asia Capital, a consulting and wealth
management firm.

"The gold monetisation scheme has not taken off well as most Indians hold gold
in the form of jewellery and heirlooms which they don't want to part with.
Moreover, the scheme promises to give back an equal amount of gold, and not the
jewellery, to the depositor at the end of the term. But this scheme can really
work for unlocking over 2,000 tonnes of gold lying in temples across the
country," said Manoj Nagpal , the chief executive officer of Outlook Asia
Capital, a consulting and wealth management firm.

BJP MP Poonam Mahajan said the government is trying to end the parallel economy
of cash and gold but the scheme has not picked up as gold is emotionally and
culturally connected to Indians.

When asked if she has opted for it, Mahajan, who holds at least 2.8 kgs of gold
jewellery, said, "I don't wear gold and don't have much gold. Most of the gold
is owned by my family and they have purchased it in white. I have not opted for
the scheme but now that you point out, I feel that my family should actually opt
for it. I am in Delhi right now but I will go back and see if it has been
done."According to Mahajan's pre-election affidavit, she and her husband alone
hold at least 5.6 kgs of gold jewellery.

According to Mahajan's pre-election affidavit, she and her husband alone hold at
least 5.6 kgs of gold jewellery."While the intention of the Modi government is
good, I am sceptical about the success of the scheme. Indian households look at
the yellow metal as an emotional asset and not as a liquid asset. I have not
offered the gold I hold for the gold monetisation scheme. The implementation of
the scheme is too cumbersome and logistically very difficult," said Rabindra
Kumar Jena of BJD, who together with his wife holds at least 9.2 kgs of gold.

"While the intention of the Modi government is good, I am sceptical about the
success of the scheme. Indian households look at the yellow metal as an
emotional asset and not as a liquid asset. I have not offered the gold I hold
for the gold monetisation scheme. The implementation of the scheme is too
cumbersome and logistically very difficult," said Rabindra Kumar Jena of BJD,
who together with his wife holds at least 9.2 kgs of gold.

BJP MP from Karnataka Shivakumar Udasi, who holds at least 4.5 kgs of gold along
with his wife, said that he is in talks with his auditor to see if he can opt
for the government scheme.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Column: Rationalising central schemes

BYLINE: M Govinda Rao

LENGTH: 1229  words


Rationalising specific-purpose transfers with or without matching requirements
from the Union to the states has had a long history. Until 1969, Plan assistance
was not formula-based. Both the volume of assistance and its grant-loan
components were determined by the Planning Commission, according to its
judgement on the extent of the revenue-capital mix. The dissatisfaction with
such an arrangement led to the adoption of the Gadgil formula in 1969.

However, the Union government continued to alter the allocative priorities of
the states by introducing specific purpose transfers with matching requirements
under Central Sector and Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS) on the subjects under
the state and concurrent lists in the Seventh Schedule to the Constitution. In
1969, the number of such schemes was 45, but by the beginning of the Fifth Plan
in 1974, it had increased to 190.

The Narasimha Rao committee that went into the issue of rationalisation set the
principles for the continuing the schemes as (i) those required ensuring minimum
standards of services and poverty alleviation; (ii) the services with
inter-state spillovers and (iii) the activities which are innovative and pace
setting with demonstration effect. The Baijal Committee transferred as many as
113 schemes and even after this, there were 236 schemes left. That did not deter
the Union ministries and departments from creating more schemes and by the Ninth
Plan, there were 360 Central schemes.

During the 12th five-year Plan, there were 147 schemes which were consolidated
by the BK  Chaturvedi committee into 66. The rationalisation exercise provided
10% of the allocation under the scheme as flexi-fund. However, a closer look at
the report shows that consolidation of most of the schemes was done merely by
making them sub-schemes within the major schemes. In terms of the assistance,
grants to these schemes constituted almost 37% of the total current transfers to
the state in 2014-15.

The Fourteenth Finance Commission's analysis showed that Union government's
spending on the subjects in the state list increased from 14% during 2002-05 to
20% during 2005-11 and that on the concurrent list increased from 13% to 17%
during the same period. Taking into account the concerns expressed by the state
governments on the growing intrusion of the Union government into the states'
domain through various Central schemes, and taking a consolidated view of the
plan and non-plan requirements of the states, the Commission increased the tax
devolution to 42% as compared to the 32% recommended by the Thirteenth Finance
Commission.

In its assessment, the Commission also indicated that as a result of the its
recommendations, the total transfers to the states in the divisible pool would
increase from 61.9% in 2014-15 (BE) to 63.9% in 2019-20. Furthermore, the
Commission made a recommendation that the design and implementation of the
schemes should be reworked in the spirit of co-operative federalism in which the
representatives of the Union ministry, the state governments and domain experts
should participate.

The Union government has embarked on yet another exercise for rationalising and
consolidating the Central schemes, and this time, the important difference is
that the exercise has been undertaken under the aegis of the newly-instituted
NITI Aayog, in which the States are involved. The sub-group of chief ministers
under the chairmanship of the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh constituted by
the NITI Aayog has been mandated to reduce the number of schemes from the
prevailing 72 to about 30.

The Union government, in its budget for FY16, classified the Central schemes
into three categories. It continued 34 schemes with the same pattern of
assistance as in the past and another 20 schemes with a changed pattern of
assistance requiring larger contribution from the States. If the sub-schemes
under these 20 schemes are taken into account, they actually number 54. The
budget delinked and dropped 39 schemes from support and since the Finance
Commission's assessment included the plan revenue expenditure, important items
delinked from assistance include normal central assistance for plan, special
central assistance for plan, special plan assistance and both state and district
components of backward region grants fund.

In terms of the volume of assistance, the grants given for central schemes
(excluding the normal central assistance for plan) as a ratio of GDP is proposed
to be reduced from 1.94% in 2014-15 (RE) to 1.39% (BE) and as a ratio of total
transfers the reduction is from 35.5% to 23.7%. The major items where
significant reduction has been proposed are Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana,
programmes on drinking water and sanitation, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and mid-day
meal schemes and Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS).

The analysis of the reallocation done in the budget in response to the Finance
Commission's recommendation shows that much more thinking needs to be done to
avoid compressing grants for the provision of services with significant
inter-state externalities or needed for merit good reasons. In respect of such
services, it is important to ensure minimum service standards across the
country. From this perspective, the NITI Aayog's Committee has a clearly defined
task. However, while it may be possible to reach consensus in reducing the
number of schemes, reducing the volume of assistance may not be easy.

The analysis of schemes with unchanged pattern of assistance shows that just
four schemes, MGNREGA, Prarambhik Shiksha Kosh, PMGSY, National Social
Assistance Programme along with the assistance for externally aided projects
constitute 75% of the grants given in this category. Similarly, a few schemes on
agriculture and irrigation, drinking water, National Rural Health Mission,
housing and ICDS constitute about 70% of the assistance in the category in which
the pattern of assistance will be changed and consolidation of these schemes too
should not be very difficult.

The problem will be in deciding the pattern of assistance in the case of second
category of schemes. While the Union government would like to substantially
reduce its share in funding these schemes, the state governments would like to
ensure that the prevailing pattern of assistance should at least continue.
Consensus is possible only when the states' continue to get the same volume of
financing and pattern of assistance. The question is whether the Union
government would be willing to allocate additional resources to the states,
beyond what has been indicated in the Finance Commission's report.

Evolving a consensus over the pattern of funding will not be easy. Even if
consensus is reached among the states, there are questions as to whether the
Union government would be willing to go beyond the assistance for central
schemes indicated in the Finance Commission's report when it has already
accepted its recommendations increasing the tax devolution from 32% to 42%.
While the occasion provides an important opportunity to rationalise the transfer
system, challenges are formidable. Surely, these are interesting times and
restructuring the Centrally Sponsored Schemes is surely a vexing problem that
needs to be tackled.

The author is emeritus professor, NIPFP, non-resident senior fellow, NCAER and
adviser, Takshashila Institution. E-mail: mgrao48@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

LDA takes action against 109 illegal housing schemes

SECTION: Vol. 24 No. 363

LENGTH: 1138  words


FOLLOWING a large number of public complaints against illegal housing societies,
Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary legal action against
109 illegal housing schemes here Friday.

Officials said the LDA initiated this action under LDA Act1975 and warned the
general public to restrain from making any kind of transaction(s) in illegal
housing schemes. They said except LDA no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local bodies or any other
government agency is authorised to approve any private housing scheme/land
subdivisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013

They said sponsors of housing schemes and land subdivisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors
are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by
Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the scheme/land
subdivision, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme without
getting a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Lahore Development Authority.

Officials said that launching/development of scheme without approval of Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC
from the LDA are illegal actions and punishable under Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975. They said LDA carried out a survey besides collecting land
record from TMAs and after scrutiny the following 109 housing schemes/land
subdivisions were found illegal. They said LDA had initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act (1975) against these schemes.

The names of the illegal housing schemes and their locations are: New Kashmir
Park (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Madni Garden
(Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madni Garden
Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Scheme
Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village (Near Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road
Lahore), Saleem Garden (Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Aftab Garden
near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza
Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al Haram Garden), Aziz Colony (Near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate (near Elite Town,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3km off Butcher Khana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah HS (Near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore), New GulshaneLahore (Opposite Subhan Gardens, Off Ferozepur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore),

Gulberg Park Housing Scheme (Sua Aasil, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), AlHaram Garden
HS (Near Madhey Shah village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), AlRehman Foundation
HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga), Abdullah Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir
EstateII (Near Grand Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing
Scheme (Madhey Shah village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing
Scheme (Butcher Khana Distributary, Lahore), Badar Colony (Mouza Thai Panju ,
Lahore), Bilal Town (Butcher Khana Distributary, Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna
Katcha, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Faisal Town (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore),
Akhterabad Housing Scheme (Purana Kahna, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Broadway
Commercial Area / SubDivision (Near KhyabaneAmeen, Defence Road, Lahore), Green
Cap Housing Scheme (Gajjumata Stop, 21km Ferozepur Road), Vital Premium Housing
Scheme (Adjacent to graveyard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai
Road), Vital DD Housing Scheme (opposite to Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road,

Ferozepur Road), Vital EE Housing Scheme (adjacent to Shadab Colony, Ferozepur
Road, Lahore), Vital FF Housing Scheme (adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme (adjacent to Block E,
Pak Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town (Illegal extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseII
situated at Chandrai Road), Fatima Houses (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Ideal Garden (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Homes (Illegal extension of GulshaneAhab
PhaseIII, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Park PhaseI (Illegal
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani
Park PhaseII (Illegal extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, situated at Ferozepur
Road, Lahore), Waheed Brothers Colony (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Hajveri Gardens (adjacent to Caltex petrol pump Near
Royal Residencia, Defence Road, Lahore),

Green Park Housing Scheme (Illegal Extension of Green Cap Housing Scheme,
Situated at Gajjumata Stop, Ferozepur Road), Iqbal Park (near Gawala Colony, Off
Chandrai Road, Lahore), Anwar Town (near Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore),
Sadat Colony (near Gawala Colony, Mouza Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore), Faisal
Town PhaseII (near Kahna Kacha Stop, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Mian Qasim
Estate Housing Scheme (opposite Sabzi Mandi, Kacha Road, Lahore), Madina Town
(near Hudaira Drain, Ferozepur Road, Lahore) Madina Avenue (Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Rehan Garden (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Pearl Garden (Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Punjab Park phase III (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Arshad Garden (UBD
Canal), Hajveri Garden (UBD Canal), Nazir Garden (UBD Canal), IBL Homes (UBD
Canal), Mian Aziz Gardens (UBD Canal), Scholar University Town (UBD Canal),
Hafiz Town (Multan Road), Pak Town (Multan Road), LDA Employees (Multan Road),
Park View Villas (Multan Road),

CPearl (Illegal extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), FI, FII/Pak Arab Scheme, PhaseII (adjacent to BlockE of Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Tayyab Town (College Road), Feroze Park
(College Road), Sharif Park Phase I (College Road), Sharif Park Phase II
(College Road), Hakim Town (College Road), Jeeva Park (College Road), Al Madina
Garden (College Road), Illegal land subdivision (adjacent to NFC Scheme College
Road), Jamal Homes (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Heaven Homes (KhyabaneFerdosi Road),
Mahnoor Villas (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Johar Villas (KhyabaneFerdosi Road),
Islam Park (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Rehman Park (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Prime
Homes (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Mustafa Town (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Ghousia
Colony (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), Zain Homes (KhyabaneFerdosi Road), illegal
subdivision (adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Raiwind Road), Ata Town PhII (GT
Road), Tufail Garden (GT Road), Ali Alam Garden (Canal Road),

Khybar Garden (Canal Road), Rizwan Garden (Canal Road), Ali Town (GT Road), Ata
Town (GT Road), Al Khair Garden (Taij Garh, Roar GT Road, Lahore), Ghous Garden
Ph 2 (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore), Asad Town (Sooter Mill Road, GT
Road, Lahore), Al Hassan Town (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore) and others.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Multi-cap fund schemes could be a better bet now: Experts

BYLINE: Madhu T

SECTION: MF NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Many newcomers to the stock market are a bit confused as investment experts are
asking them to park money in multi-cap mutual fund schemes rather than
advocating the traditional combination of large-cap plus smalland mid-cap
schemes. Experts say that they are recommending multi-cap schemes as most
investors fail to review their mutual fund holdings regularly and take timely
actions. It is better to leave the task to a well-informed fund manager, they
say .

"Advisors typically ask investors to go for multi-cap after huge gains in
smalland mid-cap segments.They believe that investors won't be able to take a
call on these sectors and a fund manager will be in a better position to judge
whether to increase or cut down exposure to these segments," says Vidya Bala,
head of research, Fundsindia.com. "However, a proper approach would be to
consider the investment corpus and the risk profile of the investor before
suggesting a scheme," she adds.Not Nimble-footed "I think most investors are not
very good at deciding what should be their exposure to large-cap schemes or
smalland mid-cap schemes.

Most of them also don't know when to rebalance their portfolio," says Hemant
Rustagi, CEO, Wiseinvest. "In such cases a multi-cap scheme would be ideal as a
fund manager would take the decision of getting in and out of sectors. It also
helps to reduce tax burden as you don't have to incur short-term capital gains
otherwise you would pay for rebalancing your holdings by selling a scheme before
a year," he adds. For example, an investor decides to invest 70% of the corpus
in a large-cap scheme and the remaining in smalland mid-cap schemes.

If the midand small-cap scheme has gained quite a bit (as it has happened in the
last year), an investor should ideally book profit and reallocate the money to
the large-cap scheme so that his portfolio allocation is maintained. However,
most investors fail to rebalance their portfolio, say advisors.Corpus and Risk
Profile Bala says that the different nomenclatures in the mutual fund space can
be a bit misleading.

"There are large-cap schemes, large-cap schemes with mid-cap exposure, multi-cap
schemes, smalland midcap schemes... it can be very confusing for a new investor,
especially if the person is not familiar with the market," she says. "Clearly ,
there are mid-cap schemes and very few largecap schemes, but the majority of the
schemes are diversified schemes."

She says that instead of focusing on these schemes, one must focus on the
investor to get the allocation right.

For example, if the new investor has a small corpus or intends to start a
systematic investment plan (SIP) of ` . 2,000, the person would . 1,000 or ` be
better off in a diversified fund. On the other hand, if the person has a
slightly large surplus and has a bigger risk appetite, he can go for a
combination of largeand smalland mid-cap scheme. "The quantum of investment in
smalland mid-cap would entirely depend on the risk profile of the investor,"
says Bala.

According to experts, investors with higher risk appetite can allocate 10-30% of
their total equity portfolio in smalland mid-cap schemes.Rustagi says new
investors must try maintaining core portfolio in largecaps and try sticking to
this principle even if they opt for multi-caps.

"One should choose multi-cap schemes that predominantly invest in large-cap
stocks, as they are likely to be more stable than a scheme that takes aggressive
exposure to different market caps depending on the market conditions," he says.
"Many new entrants won't be able to stomach the volatility when the market gets
into a tailspin, he adds. Bala says that long-term investors should not ditch
mid-cap schemes completely, as they can offer superior returns.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 9, 2014

Should you leave your defined-benefit pension scheme?

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 997 words


There was a time when defined-benefit (DB) pension schemes were the gold
standard of retirement provision. DB schemes insulated their members from
investment and longevity risks. DB benefits were guaranteed', or so it seemed.
Therefore when someone changed jobs, it was inconceivable that they would
surrender their DB pension by taking a transfer value to another arrangement.
Why give up a guaranteed' pension?

However, the news surrounding funded DB pension schemes is now almost
universally gloomy. Most schemes are in deficit and members' benefits are being
cut.

If you have moved jobs and have a deferred pension entitlement in a former
employer's funded DB scheme, you now need to consider if it is still appropriate
to leave your pension in the scheme or opt to take a transfer value to a new
arrangement.

A key factor is, of course, the transfer value on offer. You have to remember
that if the scheme were to wind up today, the transfer value is all that's in
the scheme currently backing up your pension promise. So if the transfer value
looks low, it is because there are insufficient assets in the scheme today to
back your pension, and there is consequently a significant risk that you won't
in fact get your full pension when you reach retirement age.

There are risks in staying in the scheme or taking the transfer value -- so do
your homework and make the right choice, as not looking at your options may be
even riskier.

**The scenarios**

**1 DB scheme in wind-up**

Historically, pensions in payment were first in the queue for protection in the
event of a DB scheme winding up. However, new rules introduced in January 2014
allow pensions over EUR 12,000 per annum to be cut by up to 20 per cent on wind
up. The balance of assets, if any, are then used to give current employees and
deferred members a transfer value of up to 50 per cent of their entitlement,
after which any balance must be used to bring all pensioners up to their full
pension before finally giving employees and deferred members the balance of
their transfer value entitlement.

So if you are a deferred member of an insolvent DB scheme and it winds up with a
significant deficit, you stand behind pensioners for payment and, depending on
how large the deficit is, you could get little or nothing. In better funded
schemes, you could get a decent transfer value. It all depends on the state of
the scheme finances on wind up.

**2 DB scheme restructuring**

If your former employer's scheme has a significant deficit, the only alternative
to wind up may be a radical restructuring, in which everyone takes a hit.
Deferred members can have their deferred pensions reduced by a Section 50 order,
approved by the Pensions Board. Last year deferred members in one large private
sector DB scheme had their deferred pensions reduced by 40 per cent, as part of
a scheme restructuring.

Since January 2014 DB pensioners with pensions of more than EUR 12,000 per annum
can also be reduced by up to 20 per cent on a restructuring.

So if you stay in the scheme, there is the risk that your deferred pension may
be reduced before you get to retirement age, and even if you do get to
retirement age your pension could be reduced later on. If there is a reduction,
the loss is likely to be permanent.

**Other considerations**

As already pointed out, DB pensioners are now partially in the firing line where
the scheme is in deficit, either on a restructuring or wind up.

Even if your deferred pension isn't cut before you reach retirement age, you
face a different risk in retirement. You could be given a sovereign annuity by
the scheme trustees instead of getting a pension from the scheme. A sovereign
annuity is issued by a life assurance company and pays you your pension in
retirement. The sovereign annuity is backed by bonds issued by the Irish
government, or any other EU government, to the life company.

But the sovereign annuity comes with a sting in the tail. If the government
backing the bond defaults on its obligations to the life company, the life
company will then default on payment of the pension to you.

**Taking a transfer value**

A deferred member has one option which employees and pensioners in a DB scheme
don't have; they can leave the scheme before they reach their retirement age and
take a transfer value to another pension arrangement.

But there are two risks with taking a transfer value:

-- Even if you get a full transfer value, it's highly unlikely to replace the
alternative deferred pension you give up. The method for working out the
transfer value is set by the Society of Actuaries and approved by the Minister
for Social Protection. However current assumptions used to calculate transfer
values seem to belong to a different era. For example, the ''today ''value of
your entitlements at retirement will be discounted at up to 7 per cent per
annum.

-- If you take a transfer value when the scheme is in deficit, it will be
reduced to reflect the deficit.

**Advice**

If you have a deferred pension in a DB scheme, the decision to take a transfer
value or stay in the scheme is a difficult and complex one. Recent changes have
increased the risk of pension reduction if you stay in the scheme, particularly
if you have a significant pension entitlement.

The decision-making process involves a weighing up of the risks of each option.
In turn this involves a careful analysis of your current deferred pension
entitlement, the financial health of the scheme, any known proposals to
restructure the scheme, the likely future financial commitment of the employer
and current employees to the scheme, and your own financial circumstances, needs
and objectives.

Information is power. Ask the trustees for the latest copy of the scheme's
actuarial and annual reports, and in particular details of any restructuring
proposal being put to the Pensions Board. Finally, seek competent advice if you
don't understand all the information you get.

*Brendan McGinn is director of pensions at Goodbody Stockbrokers*

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Sindh CM gives go ahead to 335 new dev schemes costing Rs 41940 mln

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 339

LENGTH: 585  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has given go ahead and directed the
departments concerned to take 335 prioritised new development schemes, conceived
at an estimated cost of around Rs 41940 million included in annual development
programme ADP-2013-14 with annual allocation of Rs 10575.511 million.

The CM Sindh strictly directed that the officers must complete 313 ongoing
development schemes by December 31, 2013 without fail as they had committed
earlier and added that no excuse would be entertained  in  this regard.

He said this while presiding over a  meeting regarding implementation on new
approved ADP schemes 2013-14 held at CM House here, said a statement on Tuesday.

Addressing the meeting the CM Sindh said that the PPP-led Government has
earmarked Rs 165 billion for development schemes of provincial government out of
which Rs 95 billion would be utilised on ongoing schemes and Rs 70 billion on
new development schemes, besides Rs 8.6 billion are being spent on the schemes
recommended by the MPAs.

The CM Sindh directed the officers to give priority to the schemes which can be
completed by the end of this fiscal year and the finance department to
facilitate in releasing fund for such development schemes.

Expressing his reservations over the schemes prepared with a schedule of
completion in long period and same included in ADP with little annual
allocation, the CM Sindh directed all administrative secretaries to prepare
development schemes with substitutional  amount and annual allocation with these
completion schedules within 3 years.

He said that though 55 ongoing development schemes are reported to be completed
by the end of current financial year however  still there is room for
importance and intensifying the pace of development  work to complete maximum
numbers of development schemes to facilitate the common man.

The CM Sindh while taking  notice of substandard works at some development
schemes directed the related executing authorities to get such schemes rectified
by the contractors concerned before handing over to the concerned departments
failing which strict action would be taken against them.

He directed the administrative secretaries also to monitor their schemes in
addition to the other monitoring agencies.

The Additional Chief Secretary while briefing the meeting said that all
provincial ministries were asked to submit most important prioritised
development schemes for implementation.

The Planning and Development Department has received 335 such schemes which
include 62 schemes from Sindh Irrigation Department, 12 from education, 20 from
health, 93 from local government, 64 public health engineering, 80 from works
and services while the rest related to home energy and P&D department, he said.

He said that many of these new schemes would be got completed by the end of this
financial year.

He said that works and services department has committed to complete 92 ongoing
development schemes for construction  of about 1800 kilometres roads by the end
of December, 2013 and 57 new schemes by the end of June 30, 2014.

Similarly, the Local Government department has also committed to complete at
least 50 per cent of the new schemes by the end of current financial year, he
added.

Sindh Chief Secretary  Sajjad Saleem Hotiyana, Additional Chief Secretary (P&D)
Arif Khan, Additional Chief Secretary Home, Syed Mumtaz Shah, Secretary Finance
Sohail Rajput, Secretary to CM Rai Sikandar and provincial and other
administrative department attended the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Sindh CM gives go ahead to 335 new dev schemes costing Rs 41940 mln

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 339

LENGTH: 585  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has given go ahead and directed the
departments concerned to take 335 prioritised new development schemes, conceived
at an estimated cost of around Rs 41940 million included in annual development
programme ADP-2013-14 with annual allocation of Rs 10575.511 million.

The CM Sindh strictly directed that the officers must complete 313 ongoing
development schemes by December 31, 2013 without fail as they had committed
earlier and added that no excuse would be entertained  in  this regard.

He said this while presiding over a  meeting regarding implementation on new
approved ADP schemes 2013-14 held at CM House here, said a statement on Tuesday.

Addressing the meeting the CM Sindh said that the PPP-led Government has
earmarked Rs 165 billion for development schemes of provincial government out of
which Rs 95 billion would be utilised on ongoing schemes and Rs 70 billion on
new development schemes, besides Rs 8.6 billion are being spent on the schemes
recommended by the MPAs.

The CM Sindh directed the officers to give priority to the schemes which can be
completed by the end of this fiscal year and the finance department to
facilitate in releasing fund for such development schemes.

Expressing his reservations over the schemes prepared with a schedule of
completion in long period and same included in ADP with little annual
allocation, the CM Sindh directed all administrative secretaries to prepare
development schemes with substitutional  amount and annual allocation with these
completion schedules within 3 years.

He said that though 55 ongoing development schemes are reported to be completed
by the end of current financial year however  still there is room for
importance and intensifying the pace of development  work to complete maximum
numbers of development schemes to facilitate the common man.

The CM Sindh while taking  notice of substandard works at some development
schemes directed the related executing authorities to get such schemes rectified
by the contractors concerned before handing over to the concerned departments
failing which strict action would be taken against them.

He directed the administrative secretaries also to monitor their schemes in
addition to the other monitoring agencies.

The Additional Chief Secretary while briefing the meeting said that all
provincial ministries were asked to submit most important prioritised
development schemes for implementation.

The Planning and Development Department has received 335 such schemes which
include 62 schemes from Sindh Irrigation Department, 12 from education, 20 from
health, 93 from local government, 64 public health engineering, 80 from works
and services while the rest related to home energy and P&D department, he said.

He said that many of these new schemes would be got completed by the end of this
financial year.

He said that works and services department has committed to complete 92 ongoing
development schemes for construction  of about 1800 kilometres roads by the end
of December, 2013 and 57 new schemes by the end of June 30, 2014.

Similarly, the Local Government department has also committed to complete at
least 50 per cent of the new schemes by the end of current financial year, he
added.

Sindh Chief Secretary  Sajjad Saleem Hotiyana, Additional Chief Secretary (P&D)
Arif Khan, Additional Chief Secretary Home, Syed Mumtaz Shah, Secretary Finance
Sohail Rajput, Secretary to CM Rai Sikandar and provincial and other
administrative department attended the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Sindh CM gives go ahead to 335 new dev schemes costing Rs 41940 mln

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah
has given go ahead and directed the departments concerned to take
335 prioritised new development schemes, conceived at an estimated
cost of around Rs 41940 million included in annual development
programme ADP-2013-14 with annual allocation of Rs 10575.511 million.


     The CM Sindh strictly directed that the officers must complete 313
ongoing development schemes by December 31, 2013 without fail as they
had committed earlier and added that no excuse would be entertained
in  this regard.
     He said this while presiding over a  meeting regarding
implementation on new approved ADP schemes 2013-14 held at CM House
here, said a statement on Tuesday.
     Addressing the meeting the CM Sindh said that the PPP-led
Government has earmarked Rs 165 billion for development schemes of
provincial government out of which Rs 95 billion would be utilised on
ongoing schemes and Rs 70 billion on new development schemes, besides
Rs 8.6 billion are being spent on the schemes recommended by the MPAs.
     The CM Sindh directed the officers to give priority to the
schemes which can be completed by the end of this fiscal year and the
finance department to facilitate in releasing fund for such development
schemes.
     Expressing his reservations over the schemes prepared with a
schedule of completion in long period and same included in ADP with
little annual allocation, the CM Sindh directed all administrative
secretaries to prepare development schemes with substitutional
amount and annual allocation with these completion schedules within 3
years.
     He said that though 55 ongoing development schemes are reported
to be completed by the end of current financial year however  still
there is room for  importance and intensifying the pace of development
work to complete maximum numbers of development schemes to facilitate the
common man.
     The CM Sindh while taking  notice of substandard works at some
development schemes directed the related executing authorities to get
such schemes rectified by the contractors concerned before handing
over to the concerned departments failing which strict action would be
taken against them.
     He directed the administrative secretaries also to monitor their
schemes in addition to the other monitoring agencies.
     The Additional Chief Secretary while briefing the meeting said
that all provincial ministries were asked to submit most important
prioritised development schemes for implementation.
     The Planning and Development Department has received 335 such
schemes which include 62 schemes from Sindh Irrigation Department, 12
from education, 20 from health, 93 from local government, 64 public
health engineering, 80 from works and services while the rest related
to home energy and P&D department, he said.
     He said that many of these new schemes would be got completed by
the end of this financial year.
     He said that works and services department has committed to
complete 92 ongoing development schemes for construction  of about
1800 kilometres roads by the end of December, 2013 and 57 new schemes
by the end of June 30, 2014.
     Similarly, the Local Government department has also committed to
complete at least 50 per cent of the new schemes by the end of current
financial year, he added.
     Sindh Chief Secretary  Sajjad Saleem Hotiyana, Additional Chief
Secretary (P&D) Arif Khan, Additional Chief Secretary Home, Syed
Mumtaz Shah, Secretary Finance Shoail Rajput, Secretary to CM Rai
Sikandar and provincial and other administrative department attended
the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes without provider networks will feel PMB costs pain;
Medical schemes that haven't made provision to pay prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs) in full and those that do not have strong provider networks in place are
likely to be affected most by the failure of a recent court challenge over
paying PMB claims, healthcare industry sources say. But most schemes say the
initial impact of having to pay PMB claims in full won't be great - it's the
future cost escalations that are a worry and which could result in higher
contributions for you, the medical scheme member. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1081 words


Medical schemes that have not established good healthcare provider networks are
likely to be the least protected from any increases in charges if healthcare
providers change their behaviour after medical schemes failed in their attempt
to challenge a regulation that requires schemes to pay prescribed minimum
benefit (PMB) claims in full.

As a result of the failure of the challenge, healthcare providers may be less
willing to enter into existing network arrangements with schemes, and schemes
may also find it more difficult to establish provider networks in future.

The Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), the organisation that represents medical
schemes and their administrators, last week failed to challenge in court
a|regulation under the Medical Schemes Act that states that schemes must pay PMB
claims in full regardless of how much a healthcare provider charges.

The only way schemes can contain the costs of PMB claims is to establish
networks of healthcare providers - designated ser-vice providers (DSPs) -
through which members must access PMBs. Medical schemes negotiate the price of
the services that the DSP will provide to their members and in this way are
cushioned from facing an open-ended liability for PMBs.

"The crux for schemes without well-established networks is there now exists
little incentive for doctors to enter into a DSP arrangement, since the
dismissal of the BHF's application offers providers a blank cheque," Michael
Settas, the director of Xelus, a medical gap cover (insurance) provider, says.

"Worse still is the incentive|for current DSPs to withdraw from existing
networks and rely on the regulations to charge fees for PMB services at any
level," Settas warns.

Among the documents that|the BHF submitted to the North Gauteng High Court in
its|application for an order on how the PMB regulation should be interpreted was
one from the South African Medical Association (Sama) that commented on|a new
DSP arrangement that|a medical scheme was trying|to establish.

The document, which was distributed to Sama doctors, drew their attention to the
fact that doctors could claim at better rates for treating PMB conditions
without contracting with the scheme than they could if they agreed to the
scheme's DSP arrangement.

But Dr Jonathan Broomberg, the chief executive of Discovery Health, says
Discovery does not believe that doctors will, in the light of the failure of the
court challenge, abandon the direct payment arrangements that|it has set up to
cover PMBs and other healthcare services.

The scheme's DSP doctors are a subset of the doctors who participate in its
direct payment arrangements. Discovery Health Medical Scheme covers about 2.3
million lives.

Broomberg says Discovery's payment arrangements will endure because the level at
which Discovery has set doctors' remuneration is acceptable to them and they are
paid directly, rather than the scheme paying the member and the doctor facing
the risk of the member not paying over the reimbursed claim.

The fees that Discovery Health pays to doctors who participate in its
arrangements are, on average, 50 percent higher than the prevailing scheme
rates, with the actual rates paid depending on the arrangement, he says.

A scheme that does not have a DSP arrangement in place and which pays doctors at
the scheme's rate could face additional costs to set up a sustainable DSP,
Broomberg says.

not the long-term answer

Neil Nair, the principal officer of the South African Municipal Workers' Union
National Medical Scheme (Samwumed), says DSP arrangements do not resolve the
problem that schemes face of paying PMB claims at whatever rate healthcare
providers charge, because these arrangements are subject to change and to
competition from other schemes.

The long-term solution is for the tariffs that healthcare providers can charge
for PMBs to be regulated, Nair says.

Samwumed, which covers about 74 000 lives, has a hospital and specialist DSP
arrangement in the Western Cape, where 70 percent of its members are based, and
this will to some extent cushion it from providers abusing the PMBs, he says.

Fedhealth, which covers about 164 000 lives, is setting up a|specialist DSP for
next year but still has some way to go, Peter Jordaan, the acting principal
officer of Fedhealth, says.

In future it may be more difficult to expand and maintain that network, and the
key factor will be how the scheme contracts with doctors, Jordaan says.

Because of the shortage of specialists in South Africa, some "super-specialists"
and specialists in areas where there are too few specialists will refuse to
contract with Fedhealth, he says.

Topmed, which covers about 24 000 lives, has DSP arrangements with hospitals,
pharmacies and radiologists, but it is exposed to the threat of high charges for
PMBs from general practitioners (GPs) and specialists, John Rollason, the
scheme's principal officer, says.

The scheme is exploring the possibility of setting up DSP arrangements with GPs
and|specialists, Rollason says.

Dr Eugene Watson, the principal officer of the Government Employees Medical
Scheme (Gems), says the scheme has a number of provider networks for GPs,
pharmacies, dentists, optometrists and specialists, with over 12 000 providers
in its Friends of Gems network. Friends of Gems agree to charge within the
scheme's rates. Gems covers about 1.4 million lives.

DSPs still attractive

Dr Tumi Seane, the managed care executive at Sechaba Medical Solutions, which
administers Sizwe Medical Fund, says Sizwe has DSP arrangements to cover
hospitals, chronic medication and some specialists attached to the hospitals
with which it has agreements. Sizwe covers about Â£ 000 lives.

These arrangements are concentrated on the providers whom most of the scheme's
members use, Seane says.

However, he says, Sizwe is aware it can do better with its DSP arrangements and
is continually engaging with the providers used by scheme members.

There may be a hardening of attitudes among providers following the failure of
the BHF's challenge over the meaning of the pay-in-full PMB regulation, but the
volume of patients and the better rates that DSPs can offer should keep these
arrangements attractive, Seane says.

Sechaba will monitor PMB charges and engage with healthcare providers who charge
recklessly, he says.

Sechaba is worried about a future escalation in PMB costs but is hopeful that
talks between Dr Aaron Motsoaledi, the Minister of Health, and the Competition
Commission will provide a solution, Seane says.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                               September 18, 2011
                                  Main Edition

??? Where did the idea come from for the Food Hygiene Rating ...

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 644 words


??? Where did the idea come from for the Food Hygiene Rating Scheme?

Local authorities across the UK were already running different food hygiene
information schemes to inform local residents of standards in their area.
Although many of these schemes were very good, there was no one common scheme.

??? What is the connection between the new scheme and the Scores on the Doors
scheme which previously ran in Belfast?

Scores on the Doors and other similar schemes were piloted by a number of
councils across the UK, including Belfast City. After a period of time, the
effectiveness of these pilots was evaluated and the successful elements were
used to develop a National scheme. Some of the schemes, including Scores on the
Doors, required businesses to do more than food law requirements to receive the
top rating. The purpose of the FHRS is to show consumers how well businesses
comply with legal requirements for food hygiene.

??? Why doesn't the scheme have a catchier name and why change from stars to
numbers?

Consumers told us in research that the name of the scheme needed to tell them
exactly what it is about and 'Food Hygiene Rating Scheme' does just that. We
know it's not the catchiest name but it does what it says on the tin!

Consumers and the hospitality industry also told us that using stars could be
confusing as so many other schemes use these and it would be misleading to
'award' stars to businesses where, for example, urgent improvements are needed.
Using numbers with some words is simple and easy to understand.

Also stars tend to be used to rate quality. This is not the purpose of the
scheme -- it simply intends to provide information on hygiene standards.

??? Why is the top rating only classed as very good and not excellent?

The scheme shows consumers the scale from 0 to 5 how well businesses are
complying with food law. Asking for excellence would mean that businesses would
have to go over and above what is legally required, which would place a burden
on them.

??? Will the rating scheme affect standards in food businesses?

We hope so, in a positive way! The scheme allows consumers to make informed
choices about where they eat or buy food from and we hope this will be a
catalyst for businesses to drive up standards, as well as helping make eating
out as safe as it can be. Results from the evaluation we've carried out showed
improvements in hygiene inspection scores for food businesses within the various
pilot hygiene schemes. The scheme will be subject to ongoing evaluation and the
hygiene ratings of food businesses will be reviewed to determine if they improve
over time.

??? Will the scheme affect the levels of illness from food poisoning in the UK?

Foodborne illness is taken very seriously by the Government as it currently
costs the UK a massive £1.5 billion pounds each year. Last year alone there were
around 80,000 cases of food poisoning reported in the UK. but this scheme we
hope will reduce the levels of foodborne illness and the associated costs to the
economy. Incidences of foodborne illness will be monitored and tracked as the
scheme is implemented throughout the UK.

??? Why do only some premises put their stickers in their window? Shouldn't they
all have to do this?

In an ideal world yes, as this would make the use of the scheme much clearer for
consumers. However, mandatory display would require new legislation to be made
by the NI Assembly so the voluntary approach is being tested first. The scheme
is being promoted nationally to consumers so that they can understand and use
ratings in making choices about where to eat out or shop for food. As they
become familiar with the scheme, they will come to expect ratings to be
displayed and draw their own conclusions where they are not, this in turn will
encourage businesses to engage with the scheme -- ultimately a good rating will
be good for business.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SP


                  Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            February 16, 2009 Monday

Options available to supplement value of occupational pension fund

BYLINE: Ian Forsyth

SECTION: BUSINESS; ECONOMY; Financial; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 676 words


Many people have concerns about the security of their company pension scheme.

It has been well documented that many final-salary schemes, where at retirement
the scheme member is promised a pension based on their salary and number of
years' service, are facing significant deficits.

This means that there are not sufficient funds within the pension scheme to pay
all current and projected future liabilities.

Over a number of years we have seen firms closing final-salary schemes to new
members and directing them to money-purchase schemes, which do not have the same
high cost of guarantees.

The economic crisis is compounding these problems with the underlying pension
investments likely to have fallen heavily in value, thus increasing scheme
deficits, and employers struggling even more to meet their ongoing pension
costs.

It is likely that we will see employers continuing to look at ways to reduce
their costs by cutting scheme benefits or encouraging employees to leave the
scheme. We may also see a significant increase in the number of final-salary
schemes closing down.

It is important to understand that, if a final-salary scheme is wound up as a
result of the sponsoring employer becoming insolvent after April 5, 2005, those
who have not yet reached their scheme retirement age (SRA), and have accrued
benefits up to £30,856 a year will be supported by the Pension Protection Fund
(PPF) for up to 90% of their entitlement (£27,770).

Those who have passed their SRA or who are in receipt of pensions in payment
will receive 100% of their entitlement. This high level of protection, together
with scheme promises, means that final-salary schemes generally represent good
value for money.

This is particularly true for those who have not yet built up high levels of
benefits, even if they are concerned about the future security of their pension
scheme.

There should be much greater concern, however, for those who have built up much
higher levels of benefits. Because protection from the PPF is capped at £27,770
a year at the moment, these employees are at risk of losing a much larger
percentage of their pension should the employer, and as a result the pension
scheme, fail.

It is more important that these employees keep informed of the developments
within their pension scheme and, as this is a complicated issue, take
independent, fee-based advice if they have concerns.

Higher earners should also ensure their retirement savings are not solely
reliant upon their final-salary scheme and should look to diversify investments
into other wrappers. These include money-purchase AVCs (pension plans that run
alongside the company scheme), self-invested personal pensions (Sipps) and
individual savings accounts (Isas).

In particular, in-house money-purchase AVCs may represent good value alongside a
final-salary scheme. They are ring-fenced and so are protected if the main
pension scheme fails or cuts benefits. In addition, when taking benefits, if
tax-free cash can be taken from the AVC, this could increase the income from the
main final-salary scheme.

If the AVC scheme does not provide the required investment fund choice, or if
you wish to keep additional investments entirely separate from your company,
then using a Sipp may be a suitable alternative. The flexibility of a Sipp works
particularly well if your pension fund is looked after by professional
investment managers.

If making contributions to money-purchase AVCs, or additional contributions to
any company pension scheme, employees should examine the benefits of salary
exchange. This is where the employee's salary is reduced and compensated by an
equivalent payment into their pension scheme. As a result, no national insurance
liability is incurred by either the employer or employee on the amount of salary
given up.

This contribution can get a further boost if the employer pays some, or all, of
its 12.8% national insurance saving to the pension scheme.

Bryan Innes is a senior client partner at UK private and corporate wealth
adviser Towry Law. He can be contacted on 01224 329020

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FUNDING SECURITY: Bryan Innes . . . we may see a significant increase
in the number of final-salary pensions closing down amid rising scheme deficits

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2009 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 06, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Schemes must pay your doctor's PMB bill in full

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 933 words


Two recent medical scheme Appeal Board rulings have confirmed that your doctor
is entitled to charge you his or her normal rates for treating you for a
prescribed minimum benefit (PMB), and your medical scheme has to pay in full for
the treatment even if the doctor's rate is more than the rate at which your
scheme normally pays claims.

The only exception is in cases where the scheme has specified that you must use
a particular healthcare provider to access the PMBs and you fail to do so.

Despite new uncertainty introduced by a decision by the Health Professions
Council of South Africa (HPCSA) to scrap its tariff ceilings, the Appeal Board
rulings settled different findings by the Council for Medical Schemes's appeal
committee in two cases involving the payment of doctors' bills for the treatment
of the PMBs.

samwumed must pay in full

In the first case, a Cape Town paediatrician treated a baby born in March last
year to a member of the South African Municipal Workers' Union National Medical
Scheme (Samwumed). The baby was in respiratory distress and was admitted to a
neonatal high care unit.

The paediatrician charged twice the National Health Reference Price List (NHRPL)
tariff, but the scheme refused to pay more than the NHRPL rates at which it
normally reimburses practitioners.

Samwumed is a restricted medical scheme for unionised municipal staff.

The Registrar of Medical Schemes ordered the scheme to pay the doctor's bill in
full - a difference of less than R3 000 - because the baby's treatment fell
within the PMBs.

Samwumed appealed against the registrar's decision to the Council for Medical
Schemes's appeal committee, but the case went against the scheme.

A medical scheme, a member or a healthcare provider can appeal any decision made
by the registrar to the council's appeal committee. Appeals against this
committee's decision go to an Appeal Board appointed by the Health Minister.

The current appointees are Judge Lewis Goldblatt; Diane Terblanche, a consumer
lawyer and the chairperson of the National Consumer Tribunal; and Dr Siva
Pillay, a managed healthcare consultant and a former member of the Council for
Medical Schemes.

Samwumed took the appeal committee's decision to the Appeal Board, but the
committee's decision was upheld.

gems must pay all charges

In the second case, a Durban paediatrician treated premature twin babies born in
January last year to a member of the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems).
The babies required resusci-tation, ventilation, incubation and care in a
neonatal intensive care unit (ICU).

The paediatrician billed at more than the NHRPL tariff. Gems paid most of his
bill, except for R7 040, which the doctor billed for treating the babies in the
neonatal ICU. This part of the bill fell under a code or "modifier" introduced
in 2007 by the South African Medical Association after it decided that the care
of newborn babies in ICU warranted a higher charge than the care of an adult
patient in ICU. However, Gems's tariffs were based on the 2006 NHRPL with an
adjustment for inflation, because no NHRPL was produced in 2007.

The Registrar of Medical Schemes ruled that the scheme did not have to pay the
R7 040, and this decision was upheld by the Council for Medical Schemes's appeal
committee earlier this year.

'Blank cheque'

The chairman of that appeal committee was Vuyani Ngalwana, the former Pension
Funds Adjudicator. In his Gems ruling and in a dissenting appeal committee
ruling in the Samwumed case issued earlier this year, Ngalwana said the
regulation under the Medical Schemes Act that obliges schemes to pay for the
PMBs in full should not be interpreted literally.

Ngalwana argued that if this regulation was interpreted without reference to a
scheme's rules, it would give medical practitioners a "blank cheque" when
treating scheme members for the PMBs.

He said this was absurd and could not have been what the lawmakers intended.
They had taken care to provide schemes with mechanisms to contain the costs of
PMBs by allowing schemes to appoint designated service providers (DSPs) for PMBs
and to impose co-payments if members failed to use these providers.

However, the Appeal Board disagreed with Ngalwana, set aside the appeal
committee's decision in the Gems case and ordered the scheme to pay the R7 040.

In both cases, the Appeal Board said the issue it had to decide was whether the
schemes were obliged to pay the doctors in full or if the schemes were obliged
to pay only in accordance with their rules.

It found the schemes were obliged by law to pay the full bill for the medical
services because in both cases the treatment fell within the PMBs.

'Anomalies and difficulties'

In both cases, the Appeal Board said the fees charged were the doctors' "usual
fees" and were "not unreasonable or unprofessional". It said if a doctor's fees
were unprofessional, a complaint could be laid with the HPCSA.

"There are clear limitations on the fees which a health service provider can
legitimately charge his patients," Goldblatt wrote in his ruling before the
HPCSA's latest decision to scrap limits on practitioners' fees.

Goldblatt said if the regulation was intended to mean a scheme should pay for
PMB services in terms of the scheme's rules, this would "create serious
anomalies and difficulties".

For example, doctors would have to charge fees based on tariffs of which they
may have no knowledge, and schemes could impose tariffs on healthcare providers
with whom they have no contracts and who are not DSPs.

Goldblatt's ruling could be construed as support for arguments that the HPCSA's
decision is impractical.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Bexhill Observer

                                  June 1, 2008

Home insulation offer could be widened

LENGTH: 802  words


COUNCIL tax banding and savings restrictions could be removed in a bid to
increase the take-up on a home insulation scheme for the over-60s.

Rother cabinet will be recommended on June 10 by director of services Tony
Leonard to widen the scope of the scheme.

He is warning in a risk assessment for members that there is a need to use the
£80,000 allocated for the scheme in order to ensure full use of a Regional
Housing Board private sector renewal capital award received by Rother.

The district council agreed in April 2007 to allocate the cash from the award to
an insulation grant scheme for the elderly.

Under the scheme, the council funds loft and cavity wall insulation for
householders over 60.

But this is limited to those living in homes in Council Tax bands A to D and who
have savings of less than £15,000.

The programme is administered under the Headstreets scheme operated by the
utility company E.ON and does not incur any management costs on Rother.

The Headsteets scheme started in February and has so far achieved more than 300
referrals. There are around 30 surveyors working in the district at present.

Mr Leonard says: "The Headstreets Scheme is not publicised because it works by
targeting areas with letters followed by a visit from a surveyor.

"However, the position has significantly changed and without notice.

"The Government has allowed utility companies to fully fund all householders
over 70 (no financial or Council Tax band restrictions).

"This severely reduces the council's over-60s target group to those aged 60-69.

"In order to increase take-up of council-funded grants, it is recommended that
the Council Tax band and financial savings restrictions are removed.

"This has also been requested by the surveyors in the field to bring the
council's scheme in line with the E.ON-funded over-70 scheme.

"The 60-69 council-funded group scheme will mirror the over-70 scheme if the
savings cap and Council Tax band restriction is removed,

"This will make the scheme easier to manage. The key priority is to maximise the
number of lofts and cavity walls insulated. However, there is always the
possibility that a person able to pay and aged between 60 and 69 will benefit
from council funding. This also applies to the over-70 scheme and schemes like
the winter fuel allowance.

"The cost of administering full checks outweighs the fact that a person who can
afford to pay themselves may benefit."

COUNCIL tax banding and savings restrictions could be removed in a bid to
increase the take-up on a home insulation scheme for the over-60s.

Rother cabinet will be recommended on Monday by director of services Tony
Leonard to widen the scope of the scheme.

He is warning in a risk assessment for members that there is a need to use the
£80,000 allocated for the scheme in order to ensure full use of a Regional
Housing Board private sector renewal capital award received by Rother.

The district council agreed in April 2007 to allocate the cash from the award to
an insulation grant scheme for the elderly.

Under the scheme, the council funds loft and cavity wall insulation for
householders over 60.

But this is limited to those living in homes in Council Tax bands A to D and who
have savings of less than £15,000.

The programme is administered under the Headstreets scheme operated by the
utility company E.ON and does not incur any management costs on Rother.

The Headsteets scheme started in February and has so far achieved more than 300
referrals. There are around 30 surveyors working in the district at present.

Mr Leonard says: "The Headstreets Scheme is not publicised because it works by
targeting areas with letters followed by a visit from a surveyor.

"However, the position has significantly changed and without notice.

"The Government has allowed utility companies to fully fund all householders
over 70 (no financial or Council Tax band restrictions).

"This severely reduces the council's over-60s target group to those aged 60-69.

"In order to increase take-up of council-funded grants, it is recommended that
the Council Tax band and financial savings restrictions are removed.

"This has also been requested by the surveyors in the field to bring the
council's scheme in line with the E.ON-funded over-70 scheme.

"The 60-69 council-funded group scheme will mirror the over-70 scheme if the
savings cap and Council Tax band restriction is removed,

"This will make the scheme easier to manage. The key priority is to maximise the
number of lofts and cavity walls insulated. However, there is always the
possibility that a person able to pay and aged between 60 and 69 will benefit
from council funding. This also applies to the over-70 scheme and schemes like
the winter fuel allowance.

"The cost of administering full checks outweighs the fact that a person who can
afford to pay themselves may benefit."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Share in success of your company;
Your Money - SAYE scheme interest rates have risen, says Alison Steed

BYLINE: Alison Steed

SECTION: FINANCE; 22

LENGTH: 1205  words


ABOUT 500,000 employees expected to sign up to their company's schemes to get
shares on the cheap in the coming year will now benefit from greater interest
rates on their savings.

The Treasury has increased the interest and bonus payments made on these Save As
You Earn (SAYE) Sharesave schemes from September 1, so this will now be
effective for anyone taking out a scheme.

Some 1.7million people already participate in SAYE schemes, which offer
employees the opportunity to put money into a company savings scheme for three,
five or seven years, on which they are paid interest.

At the end of the term, you can take your money away, or buy shares in the
company you work for at a discount price - although the discount may only be
relevant if the share price has not fallen dramatically over that period.

Nearly all FTSE 100 companies have an SAYE scheme - 96 in all - and this
includes household names such as Lloyds TSB, Marks & Spencer and Sainsbury's. So
far, those who have participated in the schemes have done very nicely.

For example, Marks & Spencer staff whose scheme matured in January shared GBP
56million - with 12,000 employees, around a fifth of its staff, getting between
GBP 1,000 and GBP 45,000 depending on how much they had saved.

Employees can save between GBP 5 and GBP 250 a month and those who invested the
full amount in the three-year M&S scheme saw their GBP 9,000 investment overall
reach an impressive GBP 20,536. In January, M&S's share price was around GBP 7
and the discounted share price on the three-year scheme, started in 2003, was
GBP 2.28, so anyone buying the shares would get them for GBP 4.72 less than they
were worth.

One of the latest schemes to mature was Lloyds TSB's, which saw staff getting an
average of GBP 3,000 each on the three-year scheme. Those investing GBP 250 a
month in the 2004 scheme could now own shares worth GBP 16,808.

Angie Risley, human resources director of Lloyds TSB group, says:

"It's really important our staff feel part of our company success and the
Sharesave scheme is a great way for us to reward employees for the part they
play, with staff as a whole netting around GBP 27million.

"It's really easy for staff to take part as the money is deducted directly from
their salary each month and the benefits can be huge.

The 2004 scheme that has matured has given staff a return that is equivalent to
87 per cent interest on their original investment." Of course, the discounted
shares available are just one aspect of the savings scheme. The money on deposit
will receive interest and the Treasury has just announced a rise in the amount
being paid to the next crop of company share savers.

Those starting a three-year scheme will now be paid 4.23 per cent interest gross
on their savings, up from 3.19 per cent. For the five-year scheme, the rate is
4.48 per cent, up from 3.46 per cent, and for the seven-year scheme, the rate is
now 4.46 per cent, up from 3.52 per cent. If you pay into the scheme for 12
months but remove your money before the scheme matures, you will receive 3 per
cent gross, up from 2 per cent.

Employees who stay within the scheme for the agreed term will also be paid a
bonus when the scheme matures and these rates have gone up too. For the
threeyear scheme, the bonus is equivalent to 2.4 monthly payments, up from 1.8.

Five-year savers will get the equivalent of 7.2 monthly payments as a bonus, up
from 5.5, and those in the seven-year scheme will receive cash worth 13.3
monthly payments, up from 10.3.

Fiona Downes, head of employee share ownership at ifs ProShare, an organisation
which promotes share ownership, says: "This is good news for the 500,000-plus
employees who sign up to a SAYE scheme each year because the revised rates will
allow employees to buy more shares under the scheme or receive a greater return
on their savings.

"This should encourage greater take-up of what is already a very tax-efficient
savings mechanism." You can put money into more than one SAYE scheme if, for
example, you work for more than one company. But under HM Revenue & Customs
rules, the total you pay into the schemes cannot add up to more than GBP 250 a
month.

The discounted value of the shares will be fixed at the time the contract is
taken out and will be no less than 80 per cent of the company's share price when
the scheme starts. So if your company does particularly well and the share price
rises over the term of the scheme, you can make a significant amount of money
when the scheme matures.

If you wish, you can put your shares into an individual savings account (Isa)
when you have bought them, providing you stick within the GBP 7,000 limit for a
maxi Isa, or GBP 4,000 limit for a mini stocks and shares Isa. Or the shares can
be put into a registered pension scheme but both these must done within 90 days
of the purchase, the Revenue says.

So, if your company offers an SAYE scheme, is it worth taking it up? Experts
think it is but there are some caveats.

Philip Pearson, of independent financial adviser P&P Invest in Southampton,
says: "With all the recent bad news from the press of stock markets falling, it
is easy to lose sight of the benefits which an employer-sponsored SAYE scheme
offers.

"In its simplest form, the plan is nothing more than a deposit savings account
with the option to purchase shares at some date in the future. Employees have
the peace of mind of knowing that monthly contributions are allocated to a
deposit account.

"At the end of the savings period, they will have the option of turning deposit
funds into shares or walk away with a tidy sum.

"The recent increase in interest rates should be seen as good news and provide
an added boost to savings in the short term, while capital remains on deposit.

"But investing in a single company is a high-risk strategy.

Very often the best choice at maturity is to consider selling the option to
purchase the shares. The proceeds can then in turn be reinvested in collective
funds such as unit trusts, Oeics or investment trusts which spreads the risk of
investment over a wide selection of companies.

"Profit from the sale of the option will be tax free up to the capital gains tax
allowance which is GBP 9,200 per person in the current financial year.

"If reinvested into an Isa then all future profits will also accumulate tax free
in the years to come." SAYE schemes are tax efficient and you will not be taxed
on the interest or bonus payments within the scheme, or for that matter on your
option to buy the shares. But you may find you face a tax liability if you sell
the shares within three years of exercising your options.

If you are in doubt, you should take advice.

Anna Bowes of financial adviser AWD Chase de Vere agreed investing in a single
company is risky but adds although you are getting a lower rate of interest than
you would with some savings accounts, you have the option, but not the
obligation, to buy the cheap shares. She says: "It is a pretty good deal. If you
look at some other options, such as a guaranteed equity bond, you may be offered
a guaranteed return of 10 per cent over five years, but that amounts to 2 per
cent a year.

"These schemes are not going to be paying the best rates of interest but it can
be lucrative for people."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CASH BONUS: Many employees have access to Sharesave schemes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Share in success of your company;
Your Money - SAYE scheme interest rates have risen, says Alison Steed

BYLINE: Alison Steed

SECTION: FINANCE; 22

LENGTH: 1205  words


ABOUT 500,000 employees expected to sign up to their company's schemes to get
shares on the cheap in the coming year will now benefit from greater interest
rates on their savings.

The Treasury has increased the interest and bonus payments made on these Save As
You Earn (SAYE) Sharesave schemes from September 1, so this will now be
effective for anyone taking out a scheme.

Some 1.7million people already participate in SAYE schemes, which offer
employees the opportunity to put money into a company savings scheme for three,
five or seven years, on which they are paid interest.

At the end of the term, you can take your money away, or buy shares in the
company you work for at a discount price - although the discount may only be
relevant if the share price has not fallen dramatically over that period.

Nearly all FTSE 100 companies have an SAYE scheme - 96 in all - and this
includes household names such as Lloyds TSB, Marks & Spencer and Sainsbury's. So
far, those who have participated in the schemes have done very nicely.

For example, Marks & Spencer staff whose scheme matured in January shared GBP
56million - with 12,000 employees, around a fifth of its staff, getting between
GBP 1,000 and GBP 45,000 depending on how much they had saved.

Employees can save between GBP 5 and GBP 250 a month and those who invested the
full amount in the three-year M&S scheme saw their GBP 9,000 investment overall
reach an impressive GBP 20,536. In January, M&S's share price was around GBP 7
and the discounted share price on the three-year scheme, started in 2003, was
GBP 2.28, so anyone buying the shares would get them for GBP 4.72 less than they
were worth.

One of the latest schemes to mature was Lloyds TSB's, which saw staff getting an
average of GBP 3,000 each on the three-year scheme. Those investing GBP 250 a
month in the 2004 scheme could now own shares worth GBP 16,808.

Angie Risley, human resources director of Lloyds TSB group, says:

"It's really important our staff feel part of our company success and the
Sharesave scheme is a great way for us to reward employees for the part they
play, with staff as a whole netting around GBP 27million.

"It's really easy for staff to take part as the money is deducted directly from
their salary each month and the benefits can be huge.

The 2004 scheme that has matured has given staff a return that is equivalent to
87 per cent interest on their original investment." Of course, the discounted
shares available are just one aspect of the savings scheme. The money on deposit
will receive interest and the Treasury has just announced a rise in the amount
being paid to the next crop of company share savers.

Those starting a three-year scheme will now be paid 4.23 per cent interest gross
on their savings, up from 3.19 per cent. For the five-year scheme, the rate is
4.48 per cent, up from 3.46 per cent, and for the seven-year scheme, the rate is
now 4.46 per cent, up from 3.52 per cent. If you pay into the scheme for 12
months but remove your money before the scheme matures, you will receive 3 per
cent gross, up from 2 per cent.

Employees who stay within the scheme for the agreed term will also be paid a
bonus when the scheme matures and these rates have gone up too. For the
threeyear scheme, the bonus is equivalent to 2.4 monthly payments, up from 1.8.

Five-year savers will get the equivalent of 7.2 monthly payments as a bonus, up
from 5.5, and those in the seven-year scheme will receive cash worth 13.3
monthly payments, up from 10.3.

Fiona Downes, head of employee share ownership at ifs ProShare, an organisation
which promotes share ownership, says: "This is good news for the 500,000-plus
employees who sign up to a SAYE scheme each year because the revised rates will
allow employees to buy more shares under the scheme or receive a greater return
on their savings.

"This should encourage greater take-up of what is already a very tax-efficient
savings mechanism." You can put money into more than one SAYE scheme if, for
example, you work for more than one company. But under HM Revenue & Customs
rules, the total you pay into the schemes cannot add up to more than GBP 250 a
month.

The discounted value of the shares will be fixed at the time the contract is
taken out and will be no less than 80 per cent of the company's share price when
the scheme starts. So if your company does particularly well and the share price
rises over the term of the scheme, you can make a significant amount of money
when the scheme matures.

If you wish, you can put your shares into an individual savings account (Isa)
when you have bought them, providing you stick within the GBP 7,000 limit for a
maxi Isa, or GBP 4,000 limit for a mini stocks and shares Isa. Or the shares can
be put into a registered pension scheme but both these must done within 90 days
of the purchase, the Revenue says.

So, if your company offers an SAYE scheme, is it worth taking it up? Experts
think it is but there are some caveats.

Philip Pearson, of independent financial adviser P&P Invest in Southampton,
says: "With all the recent bad news from the press of stock markets falling, it
is easy to lose sight of the benefits which an employer-sponsored SAYE scheme
offers.

"In its simplest form, the plan is nothing more than a deposit savings account
with the option to purchase shares at some date in the future. Employees have
the peace of mind of knowing that monthly contributions are allocated to a
deposit account.

"At the end of the savings period, they will have the option of turning deposit
funds into shares or walk away with a tidy sum.

"The recent increase in interest rates should be seen as good news and provide
an added boost to savings in the short term, while capital remains on deposit.

"But investing in a single company is a high-risk strategy.

Very often the best choice at maturity is to consider selling the option to
purchase the shares. The proceeds can then in turn be reinvested in collective
funds such as unit trusts, Oeics or investment trusts which spreads the risk of
investment over a wide selection of companies.

"Profit from the sale of the option will be tax free up to the capital gains tax
allowance which is GBP 9,200 per person in the current financial year.

"If reinvested into an Isa then all future profits will also accumulate tax free
in the years to come." SAYE schemes are tax efficient and you will not be taxed
on the interest or bonus payments within the scheme, or for that matter on your
option to buy the shares. But you may find you face a tax liability if you sell
the shares within three years of exercising your options.

If you are in doubt, you should take advice.

Anna Bowes of financial adviser AWD Chase de Vere agreed investing in a single
company is risky but adds although you are getting a lower rate of interest than
you would with some savings accounts, you have the option, but not the
obligation, to buy the cheap shares. She says: "It is a pretty good deal. If you
look at some other options, such as a guaranteed equity bond, you may be offered
a guaranteed return of 10 per cent over five years, but that amounts to 2 per
cent a year.

"These schemes are not going to be paying the best rates of interest but it can
be lucrative for people."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CASH BONUS: Many employees have access to Sharesave schemes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              April 2, 2007 Monday

Your rights: KiwiSave or stick to super?

SECTION: EMPLOYMENT; General

LENGTH: 542 words


Q. I I have been hearing a lot about the new KiwiSaver scheme. My employer
already has a superannuation scheme but I read that I can still join a KiwiSaver
scheme if I want to. What benefits would there be for me doing this if my
employer has its own scheme already?

A. The new KiwiSaver Act comes into force on July 1 this year. The Act provides
for KiwiSaver schemes to be set up by private providers. You are correct that
from July 1, you will be able to join a KiwiSaver scheme, even if your employer
has a superannuation scheme already, so long as you meet the eligibility
criteria.

New employees must be automatically enrolled in a KiwiSaver scheme but you are
an existing employee.

This means you won't be automatically enrolled in a scheme. But you can still
'opt in' to a scheme, even though your employer has its own superannuation
scheme already.

If you tell your employer you want to opt in to a KiwiSaver scheme, your
employer must make arrangements to enroll you in a scheme and make deductions
from your pay for your scheme contributions.

You can choose which scheme you want to join, or you can join one your employer
selects for you.

If no choice is made, you will be enrolled in one of the Inland Revenue
'default' schemes.

The benefits of joining a KiwiSaver scheme will depend largely on your financial
situation. You will need to compare KiwiSaver to your employer's own
superannuation scheme to assess which one will give you more benefits.

Generally, the benefits of joining a KiwiSaver scheme are that the Government
will contribute $1000 towards your KiwiSaver account from the outset. It will
subsidise your KiwiSaver account fees. You may also be able to benefit from a
government first home deposit subsidy of $1000 per year of membership, capped at
$5000. To get this first home deposit subsidy, you must be a member of a
KiwiSaver scheme for at least three years.

There is a further possible benefit. Your employer is able to contribute to your
KiwiSaver account itself up to a maximum of the amount of your personal
contributions or four per cent of your gross earnings (whichever amount is
less).

If your employer does this, the amount it contributes is not subject to
Specified Superannuation Contribution Withholding Tax.

Effectively, this means you can receive some money from your employer tax-free.

This tax-free opportunity gives you a chance to negotiate with your employer.
For example, you could offer to sacrifice some of your salary on the
understanding that your employer will contribute that amount to your KiwiSaver
account instead and the amount will be tax-free.

Or you could ask your employer to contribute some or all of your next pay rise
to your KiwiSaver account.

This tax break is also available to some registered superannuation schemes that
are not KiwiSaver schemes. So you should check whether you and your employer can
use this tax break for your employer's existing superannuation scheme.

In short, you can join a KiwiSaver scheme if you wish to. It may be beneficial
for you to do so.

The benefits are likely to depend on your financial situation and the terms of
your employer's existing superannuation scheme.

* Rani Amaranathan is a solicitor in the employment team of transtasman law
firm, DLA Phillips Fox.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 19, 1992

How secure is your plan for retirement?;
 Most employees in Hongkong belongto a retirement scheme or provident fund.

BYLINE: DAVID THOMAS

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 3a

LENGTH: 894 words


THE majority of employees in Hongkong belong to a retirement scheme or provident
fund of one kind or another.

Provident funds generally fall into two categories:

Defined contribution schemes where the employer/employee makes a fixed
contribution to the scheme and the member receives the value of these
contributions, plus growth, on leaving service or retirement.

Defined benefit schemes where the final benefit is determined from the outset -
a multiple of final salary - and contributions to the scheme that fluctuate
according to salary increases, investment performance etc.  Employers'
contributions to a provident fund that has received approval from the Inland
Revenue Department can be allowable as a deduction against Hongkong profits tax.
Employees' contributions are not deductible against salaries tax.  There are
12,000 schemes in Hongkong that have been "approved" by the Inland Revenue.

There are probably a similar number of "unapproved" schemes where pension
promises have been made to employees, but these are either totally unfunded.
Benefits are paid out of current cash flow, or held in the form of a "book
reserve" in the company accounts.

In either case the employees are not protected if something happens to the
employer's business.  In January 1986, the Hongkong Government introduced an
amendment to the Employment Ordinance requiring every employer to pay a minimum
benefit to employees, known as the "Long Service payment Award", on retirement
or redundancy.

This award, which is calculated according to the employees length of service
with the company and his/her final full months salary, is already an onerous
liability on many employers.

While the receipt of the award is taxable in the hands of the employee, an
important proviso is that an employer can offset the long service liability by
those benefits provided under an approved provident fund arising from employers'
contributions.

As well as receiving a tax deduction on contributions paid into an approved
fund, the benefits from an approved scheme are tax free on receipt by the
employee.  Since 1985, the Hongkong Government has sought to introduce
legislation to regulate the provident fund industry in Hongkong.

It was thought that, if the Government was to continue to resist the
introduction of a Central Provident Fund, as there is in Singapore, it would
have to be seen to be doing something to regulate and encourage the development
of occupational retirement schemes in the private sector.  After a series of
unsuccessful bills, the Hongkong Government introduced the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Bill in April.

This legislation aims to introduce measures by which all Hongkong private sector
retirement schemes will in future be regulated. The main principles of the 1992
bill are as follows:

All existing retirement schemes must be registered by a new body, the Registrar
of Occupational Retirement Schemes, within a certain period, likely to be two
years.

All schemes should be funded such that assets will be sufficient to cover all
members entitlement on leaving service.

Assets of the scheme must be separate from the employer.

Schemes should be established under trust or with an authorised insurer.
Schemes under trust may be governed by the laws of Hongkong or some other
jurisdiction, but at least one trustee must be independent from the employer.

A solicitor must confirm that the scheme complies with the provisions of the
legislation and an accountant must confirm that proper financial records will be
kept. An actuarial certificate will also be required for "defined benefit"
schemes.

Every scheme must nominate a designated person who will have many duties
concerning the schemes, as well as being the first point of contact with the
Registrar. For a Hongkong trust, this will be the trustee(s) and, for an insured
scheme, it will be the insurer. For overseas trusts, it is envisaged there will
be a local liaison agent for the offshore trustee.

The designated person must submit an annual return for the scheme, the annual
audited accounts and the auditor's report to the Registrar.

Actuarial reviews must be undertaken and actuarial certificates issued at least
once every three years for "defined benefit" schemes.

Not more than 10 per cent of the assets of the scheme may be invested in
securities issued by the employer. No loans from the scheme are permitted to the
employer.

Powers of intervention will be given to the registrar in cases where schemes are
improperly administered or financed.  Members of contributory schemes with more
than 50 members will have the right to establish consultative committees which
will have the right to receive certain limited information regarding the assets
of the scheme and the accounts.

Certain information must be disclosed to members including the provision of an
annual statement of individual benefits.

It is expected the bill, which has generally received the support of the
industry due to the sensible nature of its proposals, will be enacted in the
forthcoming Legislative Council session.

It is unlikely those managing properly administered schemes have anything to
fear from these new measures, other than the costs that will arise from
compliance.  David Thomas is managing director of Thomas Spencer and Associates.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              354 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 19, 1992

Ageing workforce deserves protection;
 Retirement protection in Hongkong isa hot issue which has sparked much public
discussion. The subject affects almost everyone, employees and employers alike.
But the issue is not a new one.

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 5a

LENGTH: 1343 words


SOME form of retirement protection is needed to help people in their old age.

Over the years, people are increasingly aware of the problem of an ageing
population.

In response to the outcry for retirement benefits, the Government implemented
the Long Service Payment Ordinance in January 1986.

This is an early form of retirement protection schemes.

Under the Ordinance, employees who meet the criteria laid down such as age,
monthly salary, years of service and conditions for dismissal, resignation or
retirement, will receive a lump sum payment according to a predefined scale.

The objective of the Ordinance is to reward long-service employees and to offer
protection for workers upon retirement.

Since its implementation, the Ordinance has been revised and relaxed in favour
of employees.

At the same time, it is increasingly popular for employers to set up voluntary
retirement schemes for employees. There are obvious advantages in doing so.

From the employer's point of view, a retirement scheme will help to improve
morale and enhance the image of the company as a caring organisation. Staff
turnover rate will also be lowered.

This favourable company image will strengthen the company's recruiting power in
the tight labour market.

In addition, employers' contributions to a retirement scheme are tax deductible
and benefits can be used to offset the liability under the Long Service Payment
Ordinance.

Employees undoubtedly favour retirement benefits arrangements by employers.

A retirement fund provides financial security upon retirement or premature death
or disability.

Also, for schemes approved by the Inland Revenue Department, lump sum benefits
received from the scheme are usually not subject to salaries tax.

Furthermore, with employers contributing to the fund, it becomes an added
benefit for employees.

Recent developments include the introduction of a regulatory Occupational
Retirement Schemes Bill by the Hongkong Government, which, it is expected, will
become law later in the year when the Ordinance is passed.

Another development is the feasibility of companies setting up compulsory
retirement schemes.

At present, there are about 12,000 approved retirement schemes.

But with the upcoming legislation and increasing popularity of retirement plans,
it is anticipated that more and more employers will set up retirement schemes.

Employers who wish to establish retirement benefit schemes will have to make a
number of decisions, such as the type of retirement plans for the company,
benefit features of the plan and funding of retirement schemes.

Retirement benefit schemes are usually divided into two main categories -
defined contribution schemes such as provident funds and defined benefit schemes
such as final salary schemes.

For both schemes, benefits are usually paid as a cash sum to employees.

The schemes can be further classified as contributory with both employers and
employees contributing to the fund, or non-contributory with contributions from
employers only.

Under defined contribution schemes, the retirement benefits are the accumulation
of the employers' and employees' contributions, together with the investment
returns generated.

If an employee resigns, he or she can get back their contributions plus a
percentage of the employers' contributions which is fixed according to years of
service.

For defined benefit schemes, the employees' benefits are determined by a formula
which is expressed as a multiple of the employees' final salary, years of
service and a benefit factor.

The defined contribution scheme is a more popular choice of employers than the
defined benefit scheme.

The strengths include easy administration and better financial planning.

As the contribution rate of employers and employees are fixed, employers can
accurately calculate its liability at regular intervals and staff can also know
their accumulated benefits each year.

From a management perspective, defined contribution scheme permits easy
budgeting. The scheme is applicable for large, medium and small companies.

On the other hand, the cost of a defined benefit scheme depends upon the salary
distribution of the staff as well as the rate of salary inflation.

This makes budgeting more difficult because of unforeseen fluctuations.  Hence,
this scheme is predominantly used by large companies only.

In addition, if the Occupational Retirement Scheme Bill is to be implemented,
defined benefit schemes will have to undergo periodic actuarial reviews, a
condition which does not apply to defined contribution schemes.

After a choice has been made on the type of retirement scheme, the employer will
then have to decide on the rules of the plan.

These rules include the eligibility of employees to join the scheme (normally
after completion of probation); the contribution rate of employees and employer
(which is calculated as a percentage of the employee's monthly basic salary);
the conditions for payment of benefits (usually upon retirement, death or
disability) and the benefit factor (the percentage of contributions to be given
to employees upon resignation, which varies with years of service).

With the funding of retirement schemes, there are two options available in the
market - pooled funds and individual investment portfolios.

The fund size will largely determine which funding vehicle is to be employed.

For big corporations the fund size is large enough to have their own investment
portfolio handled by investment managers.

For small- to medium-sized companies with a comparatively small fund size, they
prefer to join pooled funds, which are more practical and cost efficient.

As small- to medium-sized companies make up the bulk of the industry, it is no
wonder that pooled funds are a popular retirement funding vehicle.

In the market, employers can choose a pooled fund with a guaranteed investment
return or non-guaranteed funds, returns of which depend on the investment
performance.

Pooled funds are offered by investment companies, bank and insurance companies.

American International Assurance Company Limited (AIA) has been providing
employee benefit plans to corporations for years.

One of the features of AIA's benefit plans is its tailor-made retirement
protection schemes that can suit different company sizes.

AIA is the fund manager for over 1,000 companies. Its retirement schemes are
administered and managed by American International Assurance Co (Trustee)
Limited.

AIA offers three choices of retirement funds - Hongkong dollar guaranteed fund,
US dollar deposit administration fund and US growth fund.

Both Hongkong dollar guaranteed fund and the US dollar deposit administration
fund have guaranteed investment returns and aim at developing a secured source
of high recurring income.

The US growth fund seeks capital appreciation in the long run.

AIA constantly seeks to develop new products to suit the changing needs of
clients.

The company will soon launch several new funds with greater flexibility and more
investment choices.

Retirement schemes are long-term plans.

A well-managed scheme will strengthen a company's corporate image and foster
good employer-employee relationships.

To achieve this, careful planning is a prerequisite.

Employers should explore the needs of the employees prior to making any
decision, as the benefit schemes are meant to serve employees' retirement needs
in future.

Hence, the "best" retirement scheme is one which can serve the needs of the
employee and the company.

There are numerous funds in the market to match a company's specific needs.

Equally important is to choose a credible fund administration company which has
the experience and track record to serve as your long- term retirement fund
consultant.

Employers and scheme administrators should talk with the staff about the
features and benefits of the fund.

Source: American International Assurance Company Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              355 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 18, 1992

Ageing workforce deserves protection;
 Retirement protection in Hongkong isa hot issue which has sparked much public
discussion. The subject affects almost everyone, employees and employers alike.
But the issue is not a new one.

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 5a

LENGTH: 1343 words


SOME form of retirement protection is needed to help people in their old age.

Over the years people are increasingly aware of the problem of ageing
population.

In response to the outcry for retirement benefits, the Government implemented
the Long Service Payment Ordinance in January 1986.

This is an early form of retirement protection schemes.

Under the Ordinance, employees who meet the criteria laid down such as age,
monthly salary, years of service and conditions for dismissal, resignation or
retirement, will receive a lump sum payment according to a predefined scale.

The objective of the Ordinance is to reward long-service employees and to offer
protection for workers upon retirement.

Since its implementation, the Ordinance has been revised and relaxed in favour
of employees.

At the same time, it is increasingly popular for employers to set up voluntary
retirement schemes for employees. There are obvious advantages in doing so.

From the employer's point of view, a retirement scheme will help to improve
morale and enhance the image of the company as a caring organisation. Staff
turnover rate will also be lowered.

This favourable company image will strengthen the company's recruiting power in
the tight labour market.

In addition, employers' contributions to a retirement scheme are tax deductible
and benefits can be used to offset the liability under the Long Service Payment
Ordinance.

Employees undoubtedly favour retirement benefits arrangements by employers.

A retirement fund provides financial security upon retirement or premature death
or disability.

Also, for schemes approved by the Inland Revenue Department, lump sum benefits
received from the scheme are usually not subject to salaries tax.

Furthermore, with employers contributing to the fund, it becomes an added
benefit for employees.

Recent developments include the introduction of a regulatory Occupational
Retirement Schemes Bill by the Hongkong Government, which, it is expected, will
become law later in the year when the Ordinance is passed.

Another development is the feasibility of companies setting up compulsory
retirement schemes.

At present, there are about 12,000 approved retirement schemes.

But with the upcoming legislation and increasing popularity of retirement plans,
it is anticipated that more and more employers will set up retirement schemes.

Employers who wish to establish retirement benefit schemes will have to make a
number of decisions, such as the type of retirement plans for the company,
benefit features of the plan and funding of retirement schemes.

Retirement benefit schemes are usually divided into two main categories -
defined contribution schemes such as provident funds and defined benefit schemes
such as final salary schemes.

For both schemes, benefits are usually paid as a cash sum to employees.

The schemes can be further classified as contributory with both employers and
employees contributing to the fund, or non-contributory with contributions from
employers only.

Under defined contribution schemes, the retirement benefits are the accumulation
of the employers' and employees' contributions, together with the investment
returns generated.

If an employee resigns, he or she can get back their contributions plus a
percentage of the employers' contributions which is fixed according to years of
service.

For defined benefit schemes, the employees' benefits are determined by a formula
which is expressed as a multiple of the employees' final salary, years of
service and a benefit factor.

The defined contribution scheme is a more popular choice of employers than the
defined benefit scheme.

The strengths include easy administration and better financial planning.

As the contribution rate of employers and employees are fixed, employers can
accurately calculate its liability at regular intervals and staff can also know
their accumulated benefits each year.

From a management perspective, defined contribution scheme permits easy
budgeting. The scheme is applicable for large, medium and small companies.

On the other hand, the cost of a defined benefit scheme depends upon the salary
distribution of the staff as well as the rate of salary inflation.

This makes budgeting more difficult because of unforeseen fluctuations.  Hence,
this scheme is predominantly used by large companies only.

In addition, if the Occupational Retirement Scheme Bill is to be implemented,
defined benefit schemes will have to undergo periodic actuarial reviews, a
condition which does not apply to defined contribution schemes.

After a choice has been made on the type of retirement scheme, the employer will
then have to decide on the rules of the plan.

These rules include the eligibility of employees to join the scheme (normally
after completion of probation); the contribution rate of employees and employer
(which is calculated as a percentage of the employee's monthly basic salary);
the conditions for payment of benefits (usually upon retirement, death or
disability) and the benefit factor (the percentage of contributions to be given
to employees upon resignation, which varies with years of service).

With the funding of retirement schemes, there are two options available in the
market - pooled funds and individual investment portfolios.

The fund size will largely determine which funding vehicle is to be employed.

For big corporations the fund size is large enough to have their own investment
portfolio handled by investment managers.

For small- to medium-sized companies with a comparatively small fund size, they
prefer to join pooled funds, which are more practical and cost efficient.

As small- to medium-sized companies make up the bulk of the industry, it is no
wonder that pooled funds are a popular retirement funding vehicle.

In the market, employers can choose a pooled fund with a guaranteed investment
return or non-guaranteed funds, returns of which depend on the investment
performance.

Pooled funds are offered by investment companies, bank and insurance companies.

American International Assurance Company Limited (AIA) has been providing
employee benefit plans to corporations for years.

One of the features of AIA's benefit plans is its tailor-made retirement
protection schemes that can suit different company sizes.

AIA is the fund manager for over 1,000 companies. Its retirement schemes are
administered and managed by American International Assurance Co (Trustee)
Limited.

AIA offers three choices of retirement funds - Hongkong dollar guaranteed fund,
US dollar deposit administration fund and US growth fund.

Both Hongkong dollar guaranteed fund and the US dollar deposit administration
fund have guaranteed investment returns and aim at developing a secured source
of high recurring income.

The US growth fund seeks capital appreciation in the long run.

AIA constantly seeks to develop new products to suit the changing needs of
clients.

The company will soon launch several new funds with greater flexibility and more
investment choices.

Retirement schemes are long-term plans.

A well-managed scheme will strengthen a company's corporate image and foster
good employer-employee relationships.

To achieve this, careful planning is a prerequisite.

Employers should explore the needs of the employees prior to making any
decision, as the benefit schemes are meant to serve employees' retirement needs
in future.

Hence, the "best" retirement scheme is one which can serve the needs of the
employee and the company.

There are numerous funds in the market to match a company's specific needs.

Equally important is to choose a credible fund administration company which has
the experience and track record to serve as your long- term retirement fund
consultant.

Employers and scheme administrators should talk with the staff about the
features and benefits of the fund.

Source: American International Assurance Company Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              356 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

1480 uplift schemes worth Rs 2.30 bln approved for Sargodha div

SECTION: Vol. 22 No. 54

LENGTH: 348  words


Commissioner Sargodha, Nadeem Mehboob approved 1480 development schemes worth Rs
2.30 billion under the Prime Minister Development Programme.

Under the programme, a total of 578 development schemes will be completed in
Sargodha at a cost of Rs 1 billion and 195 schemes in Khushab district at a cost
of Rs 400 million, 272 schemes in Mianwali at a cost of Rs 400 million while in
Bhakkar 335 schemes were approved to be completed at a cost of Rs 400 million.

The approval was given here on Wednesday in a meeting of the divisional
development committee which was chaired by Commissioner Sargodha division,
Nadeem Mehboob.

The Commissioner urged the departments concerned to speed up work of all ongoing
projects and complete them within stipulated period and also ensure transparency
in the construction of projects.

The meeting was told that total Rs 223.5 million would be spent on 222 schemes
of electricity provision in Sargodha and Rs 12 million for a health scheme, Rs
117 million for provision of water in two schemes of Municipal sector while Rs
530 million have also been allocated for 320 schemes of sewerage and drainage
work.

Similarly, Rs 215.9 million were allocated for 27 schemes of infrastructure
development and Rs 115 million have been allocated

for six schemes of roads construction.

The meeting was told that Rs 84.9 million to be spent on 86 projects for
provision of electricity in the district Khushab, Rs 70 million on a scheme of
health sector while Rs 209 million on 82 schemes of construction of parks and
graveyards and Rs 29.5 million on another scheme of infrastructure development.

In Mianwali district, Rs 277.2 million will be spent for 197 schemes of
electricity, Rs 18 million for two schemes of infrastructure development, Rs 77
million for 59 schemes of sewerage and sanitation while Rs 50 million on 14
schemes for construction of roads.

The meeting was briefed that Rs 258.2 million have been allocated for 307
schemes of electricity installation, Rs 28.8 million for 10 schemes of Municipal
sector and Rs 180 million for 18 infrastructure development projects.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

KP govt announces Rs 161 bln ADP in annual budget for fiscal year 2016-17

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: New York



PESHAWAR: Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government in its annual
budget for the upcoming fiscal 2016-17, has announced an ambitious Annual
Development Programme (ADP) with an outlay of Rs 161 billion for execution of
1516 schemes.
 According to budget documents, the Rs 161 billion ADP contains an
amount of Rs 36 billion as aid by foreign countries. The provincial
share of ADP is Rs 125 billion out of which Rs 12 billion is loan.


Under the Annual Development Programme for the year 2016-17, work on
1516 developmental schemes will be launched out of which 1237 are
ongoing and 279 are new.
 In the ADP, maximum fund has been reserved for ongoing schemes with
the focus of completing them on time, said Finance Minister, Muzaffar
Said in his budget speech at Provincial Assembly.
 KP Finance Minister also named those countries which are providing
aid to KP and thanked governments of England, Japan, EU, America, Norway,
Germany, Swizerland, Italy, Australia and some international institutions
including UNs, World Bank, USAID and Asian Development Bank for providing aid to
KP which is also increased from existing Rs 32.88 billion to Rs 36 billion.
  This foreign aid will be spent on 59 developmental schemes during the
next fiscal starting from July 2016, Finance Minister added.
 Giving the break-up of Rs 161 billion ADP, Finance Minister said Rs
12.45 billion has been earmarked for Education sector for which 72
schemes have been planned. Among these 72 schemes, 64 are ongoing for
which Rs 10 billion is reserved and eight are new schemes to be completed
at Rs 2.42 billion.
 The major schemes in Education sector is construction of 160 new
primary schools for both boys and girls, construction of 100 new
secondary schools, conversion of 100 Religious seminaries into primary schools,
establishment of 200 smart schools in the province, construction
of 500 new IT Laboraties, setting up of 1300 community schools for girls basic
education and construction of six cluster hostels for female.
 Similarly, for Higher Education a total of 60 schemes have been planned
for completion of which Rs. 4.78 billion is reserved. Among 60 schemes, 45 are
ongoing and 15 are new.
 For Health sector, the ADP contained an allocation of Rs 10.54 billion
to be utilized on completion of 93 schemes. The major schemes in Health sector
are completion of Peshawar Institute of Cardiology, upgradation of Swat and Dir
hospitals, construction of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical College in Peshawar and
improvement of service structure of all district and tehsil headquarters
hospitals.
 The ADP also contained 59 schemes for promotion of Tourism, culture and
sports for which an amount of Rs 3.11 billion is earmarked.
 An amount of Rs 110 million is earmarked for fulfilling basic needs of
minority community of the province.
 For Communication sector, 330 schemes have been planned in the ADP which
will be completed at a cost of Rs 10.80 billion.
 For the Housing sector, an amount of Rs 540 million has been reserved
for execution of 11 developmental schemes.
 In the ADP for the fiscal year 2016-17, 27 schemes have been planned
for Urban development with an amount of Rs 5.55 billion. The major schemes under
this head included preparation of design for construction of interchange at
Peshawar Ring road, repair and obsolete drinking water
pipes and beautification of all the divisional headquarters.
 The ADP also include 89 schemes for provision of clean drinking water
to people in the province. The schemes would be completed at a cost of Rs 4.15
billion.
 For Energy sector, 33 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 40
million has been reserved for it.
 For Irrigation sector, 208 schemes have been planned in ADP which will
be completed at a cost of Rs 6.93 billion.
 About 45 schemes have been planned for Agriculture sector for which Rs
3.98 billion will be reserved.
 For development of Industry sector, an amount of Rs 1.46 billion has
been reserved which will be utilized for execution of 26 schemes.
 For Mineral sector 21 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 620
million has been reserved for it.
 For Forest sector, 51 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 2
billion is reserved for completion of these projects.
 An amount of Rs 60 million is reserved for execution of seven schemes
in environment sector of the province.
 For Information sector, five schemes have been planned with a total cost
of Rs 180 million.
 Similarly, for Local Government system, an amount of Rs 6 billion is
reserved in the ADP to be utilized over 36 schemes.
 The provincial government has planned 39 schemes for the Multi Sectoral
Development Programme and for this an amount of Rs 3.24 billion has been
reserved for it.
 For provincial interior department and amount of Rs 2.42 billion is
reserved for execution of 59 schemes including establishment of phase II
of Joint Police Training Center at Nowshera.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

AMP biggest loser in battle for KiwiSavers

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 501 words


BULKING UP KIWISAVER The Kiwi Wealth scheme's annual report shows the factor
behind a scheme's growth.

Balance transfers of $386.7m was the schemes' biggest single source of new
money. Interest, dividends and capital growth of investments brought in $265.6m
after fees and expenses of $20.8m. Employees contributions totalled $137m and
employer contributions $78.7m. "Other contributions" like voluntary
contributions from members, brought in $58.5m. The Government contributed $26.9m
through tax credit subsidies. A total of $52.6m was transferred out to other
KiwiSaver schemes. Another $57.2m was withdrawn, including people retiring,
emigrating, dying, suffering serious illness or financial hardship, or buying a
home.

--------------------

Massive flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted with the Companies Office.

It appears the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are losing out to the
banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

That means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering
among scheme providers.

The schemes competethrough advertising campaigns, special offers, cuts to fees,
and through investing their funds in a bid to sit high in the performance
charts.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes. Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme.

AMP has been working hard to turn thataround, cutting fees, helping them pick
suitable funds, in addition to having an online portal which savers can use to
keep tabs on their KiwiSaver.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth.

Nobody from AMP was available to speak on its strategies to turn around its net
funds flow.

By contrast ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers in from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m transferred to other schemes.

Most of the money that is left came out of ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

NZX-owned Superlife, which ended the year with assets of just over $406m,
experienced $12m of transfers in, and $13.25m out.

The last of the large schemes to report so far was Aon KiwiSaver, which ended
the year with just under $320m.

Just under $17m was switched in from other schemes and $15.6m went the other
way. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

KiwiSavers can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Rs20 billion allocated for PM's special schemes

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 6 -- Federal Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar on Friday said Rs20
billion was allocated in the budget 2015-16 for Prime Minister's Special Schemes
.

The minister, in his budget speech, said the allocation was made for PM Youth
Business Loan Scheme, PM Youth Skills Development Scheme,

PM Interest Free Loans Scheme, PM Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed
Areas, PM Youth Training Scheme and PM Scheme for Provision of Laptops.

PM Youth Business Loan Scheme was initiated to provide loans to the unemployed
youth enabling them to start some business. So far, 15,000 loans have been
approved under the scheme, while 20,000 applications were under process.

PM Youth Skills Development Scheme has provided employment opportunity to 20,000
youth after giving them technical and vocational training while training of
25,000 more youth was underway.

During the year 2015-16, the programme would be extended to Madaris, young
prisoners and terror-hit people.

PM Interest Free Loans Scheme provides small loans to the people who have below
40 Poverty Score Card and do not have access to banks or other departments for
small loans.

During the year 2014-15, Rs 1.75 billion was released under this scheme. So far,
the scheme has benefitted 44,000 people and its recovery rate is 100 percent.

PM Fee Reimbursement Scheme bears the study expenditures of the students who are
pursuing Masters or PhD from HEC recognized institutions. During the last year,
the scheme has benefitted 41,781 students.

HEC has established Student Service Portal to make this programme more
transparent through which online application could be submitted. The admissions
have increased 100 percent under this scheme.

PM Youth Training Scheme would provide internship to the youth having 16 years
education, increasing their abilities and employment opportunities for them.

The scheme would be initiated during the year 2015-16 under which 50,000 youth
would be provided internship in private or public organizations giving them Rs.
12,000 monthly stipend.

PM Scheme for Provision of Laptops has disbursed 70,000 laptops so far among the
students. Under this scheme, laptops are purchased through an open competition
according to PPRA rules under the supervision of Transparency International.

Around 700 laptops have been assembled locally through a modern local plant.
This scheme would help technology transfer and increase employment
opportunities.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 51

LENGTH: 1023  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated legal action against 109
illegal housing schemes in the city under LDA Act(1975).

The LDA, in a statement here Friday, warned the people to restrain themselves in
sale and purchase of property in these schemes.

Under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975, except LDA , no
other authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil Municipal
Administration or any local body or any other government agency is authorized to
approve any private housing scheme/land subdivisions in Lahore Division after
19.09.2013.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land subdivisions are not allowed to develop
the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors will not
be allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by LDA,
said the statement. The LDA said as per record received from TMA and field
reports, following 109 housing schemes/land subdivisions were found illegal
against which it initiated necessary legal action under LDA Act(1975):

New Kashmir Park Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore, Madni
Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Madni Garden Extension
Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah
Village, near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road, Saleem Garden near Elite
Town, Ferozepur Road, Aftab Garden near Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian
Dharam Chand, Green Avenue Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Abdullah Park Near Al
Haram Garden Aziz Colony, near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind Indus
Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore Gardens 3km off Butherkhana
Distributary, Mian Ji Abdullah HS near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore, New GulshaneLahore opposite Subhan Garden, off Ferozepur Road, Subhan
Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park Housing Schemem,Sua
Aasil, Ferozepur Road, AlHaram Garden, HS Near Madhey Shah village, off
Ferozepur Road, AlRehman Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga, Abdullah Park Raiwal
Road, Mouza Raiwind, Sabir EstateII near Grand Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Haji
Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village, off Ferozepur Road, Madina View Housing
Scheme Butherkhana Distributary, Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju, Bilal Town
Butcher Khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna Katcha, Faisal town Mouza Thai
Panju, Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna, Roadway Commercial Area /
SubDivision near KhayabaneAmeen, Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated
near Gautama, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave yard of
Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.

Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana, Vital EE Housing
Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to
Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Bilal Town Illegal extension of GulshaneAhab
PhaseII, situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab Housing, Geelani Homes illegal
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Ferozepur Road, Geelani Park PhaseI
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Ferozepur Road, Geelani Park PhaseII illegal
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Waheed Brothers Colony adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing, Hajvery Gardens, Defence Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata, Iqbal Park
near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road, Sadat Colony Gawala Colony, Chandrai
Road, Faisal town PhaseII KahnaKacha, Qasim Estate Housing Scheme Kacha Road,
Madina Town, Hudaira Drain, Madina Avenue Ferozepur Road, Subhan Garden
Ferozepur Road, Pearl Garden Ferozepur Road, Punjab park phase III, Arshad
Garden UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden, Nazir Garden, IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens, Scholar University Town, Hafiz Town Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road,
LDA Employees Multan Road, Park View Villas Multan Road, CPearl Illegal
extension of Block C ofPak Arab Housing Scheme, FI, FII/Pak Arab Scheme, PhaseII
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme.

Tayyab Town College Road, Feroze Park College Road, Sharif Park Phase I, Sharif
Park Phase II college Road,Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al
Madina Garden College Road, Illegal land subdivision adjacent to NFC Scheme
College Road, Jamal Homes KyabaneFerdosi Road , Heaven Homes KyabaneFerdosi
Road, Mahnoor Villas KyabaneFerdosi Road, Johar Villas KyabaneFerdosi Road,
Islam Park KyabaneFerdosi Road, Rehman Park KhyabaneFerdosi Road, Prime Homes
KyabaneFerdosi Road, Mustafa Town KyabaneFerdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
KyabaneFerdosi Road, Zain Homes KyabaneFerdosi Road,Illegal subdivision adjacent
to T &amp; T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town PhII G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T Road, Ali
Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal Road, Ali
Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous Garden Ph 2
G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road.

Al Hassan Town G.T. Road, Garrision Garden PhIII Taij Garh, G.T Road, Rehmat
Town GT Road, Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road,
Amir Town Canal Road, Illegal Scheme/SubDivision adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil
Garden Manga Mandi, housing Scheme/Land SubDivision near Govt Model High School
Raiwind Bypass Road, Teachers Colony, Raiwind By Pass Road, Illegal scheme
(Heaven Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal scheme/SubDivision near Khalis
Fiber Mill Off Raiwind Road, Illegal Scheme/SubDivision near Hashmat School
Sundar Raiwind Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal
Scheme/SubDivision near TameerESerat School Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
SubDivision at Mall Chowk, At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.

The LDA advised prospective buyers of plots in any of above mentioned housing
schemes/ land subdivisions not to purchase property in any scheme, until the
scheme/ land subdivision was approved by the Lahore Development Authority.

It also advised the people to get information about the legality of the housing
scheme / land subdivision and status of plot(s) from the Lahore Development
Authority.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 51

LENGTH: 1023  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated legal action against 109
illegal housing schemes in the city under LDA Act(1975).

The LDA, in a statement here Friday, warned the people to restrain themselves in
sale and purchase of property in these schemes.

Under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975, except LDA , no
other authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil Municipal
Administration or any local body or any other government agency is authorized to
approve any private housing scheme/land subdivisions in Lahore Division after
19.09.2013.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land subdivisions are not allowed to develop
the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors will not
be allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by LDA,
said the statement. The LDA said as per record received from TMA and field
reports, following 109 housing schemes/land subdivisions were found illegal
against which it initiated necessary legal action under LDA Act(1975):

New Kashmir Park Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore, Madni
Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Madni Garden Extension
Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah
Village, near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road, Saleem Garden near Elite
Town, Ferozepur Road, Aftab Garden near Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian
Dharam Chand, Green Avenue Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Abdullah Park Near Al
Haram Garden Aziz Colony, near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind Indus
Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore Gardens 3km off Butherkhana
Distributary, Mian Ji Abdullah HS near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore, New GulshaneLahore opposite Subhan Garden, off Ferozepur Road, Subhan
Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park Housing Schemem,Sua
Aasil, Ferozepur Road, AlHaram Garden, HS Near Madhey Shah village, off
Ferozepur Road, AlRehman Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga, Abdullah Park Raiwal
Road, Mouza Raiwind, Sabir EstateII near Grand Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Haji
Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village, off Ferozepur Road, Madina View Housing
Scheme Butherkhana Distributary, Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju, Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha, Faisal town Mouza Thai
Panju, Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna, Roadway Commercial Area /
SubDivision near KhyabaneAmeen, Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated
near Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave yard of
Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.

Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana, Vital EE Housing
Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to
Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Bilal Town Illegal extension of GulshaneAhab
PhaseII, situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab Housing, Geelani Homes illegal
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Ferozepur Road, Geelani Park PhaseI
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Ferozepur Road, Geelani Park PhaseII illegal
extension of GulshaneAhab PhaseIII, Waheed Brothers Colony adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing, Hajvery Gardens, Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata, Iqbal Park
near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road, Sadat Colony Gawala Colony, Chandrai
Road, Faisal town PhaseII KahnaKacha, Qasim Estate Housing Scheme Kacha Road,
Madina Town, Hudaira Drain, Madina Avenue Ferozepur Road, Subhan Garden
Ferozepur Road, Pearl Garden Ferozepur Road, Punjab park phase III, Arshad
Garden UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden, Nazir Garden, IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens, Scholar University Town, Hafiz Town Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road,
LDA Employees Multan Road, Park View Villas Multan Road, CPearl Illegal
extension of Block C ofPak Arab Housing Scheme, FI, FII/Pak Arab Scheme, PhaseII
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme.

Tayyab Town College Road, Feroze Park College Road, Sharif Park Phase I, Sharif
Park Phase II college Road,Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al
Madina Garden College Road, Illegal land subdivision adjacent to NFC Scheme
College Road, Jamal Homes KyabaneFerdosi Road , Heaven Homes KyabaneFerdosi
Road, Mahnoor Villas KyabaneFerdosi Road, Johar Villas KyabaneFerdosi Road,
Islam Park KyabaneFerdosi Road, Rehman Park KhyabaneFerdosi Road, Prime Homes
KyabaneFerdosi Road, Mustafa Town KyabaneFerdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
KyabaneFerdosi Road, Zain Homes KyabaneFerdosi Road,Illegal subdivision adjacent
to T &amp; T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town PhII G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T Road, Ali
Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal Road, Ali
Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous Garden Ph 2
G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road.

Al Hassan Town G.T. Road, Garrision Garden PhIII Taij Garh, G.T Road, Rehmat
Town GT Road, Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road,
Amir Town Canal Road, Illegal Scheme/SubDivision adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil
Garden Manga Mandi, housing Scheme/Land SubDivision near Govt Model High School
Raiwind Bypass Road, Teachers Colony, Raiwind By Pass Road, Illegal scheme
(Heaven Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal scheme/SubDivision near Khalis
Fiber Mill Off Raiwind Road, Illegal Scheme/SubDivision near Hashmat School
Sundar Raiwind Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal
Scheme/SubDivision near TameerESerat School Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
SubDivision at Mall Chowk, At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.

The LDA advised prospective buyers of plots in any of above mentioned housing
schemes/ land subdivisions not to purchase property in any scheme, until the
scheme/ land subdivision was approved by the Lahore Development Authority.

It also advised the people to get information about the legality of the housing
scheme / land subdivision and status of plot(s) from the Lahore Development
Authority.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

347 housing schemes illegal

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


A TOTAL of 347 private housing schemes situated in the districts of Lahore,
Sheikhupura, Nankana Sahib and Kasur of the Lahore Division out of which 98 are
situated in the provincial metropolis have been declared illegal by the Lahore
Development Authority (LDA).



A senior LDA official said that in Lahore, 69 illegal schemes were located in
the jurisdiction of TMA Nishtar Town, 14 in Wagha Town, 10 in Allama Iqbal Town
and five were situated in Aziz Bhatti Town. He said the LDA was continuously
informing the prospective buyers of plots in the private housing schemes/land
sub-divisions not to purchase the property in any of the illegal schemes until
the scheme/land sub-division were approved by the Lahore Development Authority.
He said they were also advised to get the information about the legality of a
housing scheme/land sub-division and the status of plot (s) from the LDA before
making any transaction.

According to a press statement issued by the LDA, about 69 schemes in Nishtar
Town are Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town, Badar Colony, Bilal Town,
Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani Park-I, Gillani Park-II, Green Cap H/S,
Iqbal Park, Al-Madina Town H/S ,Gulshan-e-Amin, Haji Amanat Ali Estate, Hajveri
Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, Koh-e-Noor H/S, Malik Park, Mian Qasim Estate, Sadaat
Colony, Waheed Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah, Heaven Homes,
Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime Homes), Prime Homes,
Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park, Nasir Colony, Park View
Villas, Sub-Division adjacent to T&T H/S, Villas Adjacent to Abpara H/S, Mian
Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing Scheme, 1384 K Housing
Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Al-Rehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar
Colony, Elite Town, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir
Estate-II Housing Scheme, Madina View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing
Scheme, Akhtarabad H/S, Al-Haram Gardens, Aziz Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town,
Faisal Town Ph. II, Gulberg Park, Indus Estate, Lahore Garden, New
Gulshan-e-Lahore, Olympic Village , Roshan Town, Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue,
Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town are Shareef Park, Hakim Town,
Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, Al-Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam
Garden, Tufail Garden, Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme
Phase I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden
Phase III. The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town are Abdullah Town, Amna Park,
Hafiz Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town,
Rana Town, Doctor Society and Sub-Division adjacent to Sultan Town. The names of
five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town are Hajeri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon
City/Imperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

The LDA's statement claimed that the authority had informed the public that
under the LDA Act 1975 except Lahore Development Authority, no other Authority
or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local
body or any other government agency was authorised to approve any private
housing scheme/land sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013. Any
approval granted by any other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil
Municipal Administration or any local body or any other Government Agency in
Lahore Division after 19.09.2013 was not valid and lawful.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without the approval of Lahore Development Authority, it
said, adding sponsors were not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior
to the formal approval by the Lahore Development Authority and after the
approval of the scheme/land sub-division, the sponsors were not allowed to
advertise the scheme without getting a No Objection Certificate from the Lahore
Development Authority.

The launching/development of scheme without the approval of the Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining the NOC
from the Lahore Development Authority are illegal actions and punishable under
the Lahore Development Authority Act 1975, it concluded.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Pakistan: 347 housing schemes in Lahore Division illegal

LENGTH: 632  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Sept. 23 -- The Lahore Development Authority

(LDA) has informed that a total of 347 private housing schemes

situated in the districts of Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana

Sahib and Kasur of Lahore Division were illegal, including

98 situated in the provincial metropolis.

Prospective buyers of plots in private housing schemes/

land sub-divisions have been advised not to purchase property

in any of these schemes, until the scheme/ land sub-division

has been approved by the LDA. They had also been advised to

get information about the legality of the scheme from LDA.

In Lahore, as many as 69 illegal schemes were located in

the jurisdiction of TMA Nishtar Town, 14 were in Wagha Town,

10 in Iqbal Town while five were in Aziz Bhatti Town.

The 69 schemes in Nishtar Town were Alam Residency, Vital

Premium, Anwar Town , Badar Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses,

Gillani Homes, Gillani Park-I, Gillani Park-II, Green Cap H/S,

Iqbal Park, Al-Madina Town H/S ,Gulshan-e-Amin, Haji Amanat

Ali Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, Koh-e-Noor H/S,

Malik Park, Mian Qasim Estate, Sadaat Colony, Waheed

Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah, Heaven Homes,

Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime Homes),

Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park

, Nasir Colony ,Park View Villas, Sub-Division adjacent to T&T

H/S, Villas Adjacent to Abpara H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa

Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing Scheme, 1384 K Housing

Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing

Scheme, Al-Rehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony,

Elite Town, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing

Scheme, Sabir Estate-II Housing Scheme, Madina View Housing

Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme, Akhtarabad H/S,Al-

Haram Gardens ,Aziz Colony, Bilal Town,Faisal Town,Faisal Town

Ph.II, Gulberg Park, Indus Estate ,Lahore Garden, New

Gulshan-e-Lahore, Olympic Village , Roshan Town , Subhan

Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina

Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town were Shareef

Park, Hakim Town, Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, Al-

Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam Garden, Tufail Garden,

Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase

I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and

Garrison Garden Phase III.

The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town were Abdullah Town,

Amna Park, Hafiz Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing

Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town, Rana Town, Doctor Society

andSub- Division adjacent to Sultan Town.

The names of five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town were

Hajeri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon City/ Emperial Homes, IBL

Homes and Arshad Garden.

Lahore Development Authority has informed that under the

LDA Act 1975, except LDA, no other Authority or Town Municipal

Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local

body or any other Government Agency was authorized to approve

any private housing scheme/ land sub-divisions in Lahore

Division after 19.09.2013. Any approval granted by any other

Authority or Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal

Administration or any local body or any other Government

Agency in Lahore Division, after 19.09.2013, was not valid and

lawful.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions

were not allowed to develop the scheme without LDA approval.

Sponsors are not allowed to advertise any scheme or

project prior to formal approval by LDA.

Launching/ development of scheme without approval of LDA

and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC are

illegal actions and are punishable under LDA Act 1975

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Qaim okays 335 new development schemes costing Rs 41,940 mln

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 339

LENGTH: 589  words


Sindh Chief Minister  Syed Qaim Ali Shah has given go ahead and directed the
departments concerned to take 335 prioritised new development schemes, conceived
at  an  estimated cost of around Rs 41940 million included in annual development
programme ADP-2013-14 with annual allocation of Rs 10575.511 million. The CM
Sindh strictly directed that the officers must complete 313 ongoing development
schemes by December 31, 2013 without fail as they had committed earlier and
added that no excuse would be  entertained in  this regard.

He said this while presiding over a  meeting regarding implementation on new
approved ADP schemes 2013-14 held at CM House here, said a statement on Tuesday.
Addressing the meeting the CM Sindh said that the PPP-led Government has
earmarked Rs 165 billion for development schemes of provincial government out of
which Rs 95 billion would be utilised on ongoing schemes and Rs 70 billion on
new development schemes, besides Rs 8.6 billion are being spent on the schemes
recommended by the MPAs. The CM Sindh directed the officers to give priority to
the schemes which can be completed by the end of this fiscal year and the
finance department to facilitate in releasing fund for such development schemes.

Expressing his reservations over the schemes prepared with a schedule of
completion in long period and same included in ADP with little annual
allocation, the CM Sindh directed all administrative secretaries to prepare
development schemes with substitutional   amount and annual allocation with
these completion schedules within 3 years.  He said that though 55 ongoing
development schemes are reported to be completed by the end of current financial
year however  still  there is room for  importance and intensifying the pace of
development   work to complete maximum numbers of development schemes to
facilitate the common man.

The CM Sindh while taking  notice of substandard works at some development
schemes directed the related executing authorities to get such schemes rectified
by the contractors concerned before handing over to the concerned departments
failing which strict action would be taken against them. He directed the
administrative secretaries also to monitor their schemes in addition to the
other monitoring agencies.  The Additional Chief Secretary while briefing the
meeting said that all provincial ministries were asked to submit most important
prioritised development schemes for implementation.

The Planning and Development Department has received 335 such schemes which
include 62 schemes from Sindh Irrigation Department, 12 from education, 20 from
health, 93 from local government, 64 public health engineering, 80 from works
and services while the rest related  to home energy and P&D department, he said.
He said that many of these new schemes would be got completed by the end of this
financial year.  He said that works and services department has committed to
complete 92 ongoing development schemes for construction  of about 1800
kilometres roads by the end of December, 2013 and 57 new schemes by the end of
June 30, 2014.  Similarly, the Local Government department has also committed to
complete at least 50 per cent of the new schemes by the end of current financial
year, he added. Sindh Chief Secretary  Sajjad Saleem Hotiyana, Additional Chief
Secretary (P&D) Arif Khan, Additional Chief Secretary Home, Syed Mumtaz Shah,
Secretary Finance Shoail Rajput, Secretary to CM Rai Sikandar and provincial and
other administrative department attended the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                              July 22, 2013 Monday

Rs 7296.35 lakh spent in five years in Tinsukia district

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: TINSUKIA


TINSUKIA, July 22 -- From 2008-09 to 2012-13 i.e., in five financial years, a
total sum of Rs 7296.35 lakh has been spent on 1490 schemes out of the 3004
approved schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee
Act (MNREGA) in Tinsukia district and 1514 schemes are yet to be completed.
These schemes have created 39,96,366 man-days in all.

The schemes includes Rural Connectivity (RC), Land Development (LD), Water
Conservation (WC), Flood Protection (FP) and Individual Beneficiary Schemes
(IBS). Out of these schemes 1490 schemes have been completed but 1514 more are
yet to be completed. The district has seven development blocks namely,
Itakhooli, Hapjan, Kakopathar, Margherita, Saikhowa, Guijan and Sadiya through
which the schemes under the Act are being implemented.

In the Hapjan Development Block, altogether 91 schemes have been completed and a
total amount of Rs 4,70,78,445 has been incurred against the cost of both
skilled and unskilled work force, materials and Individual Benefit Scheme (IBS)
during these five financial years. Under the IBS, an individual belonging to the
Below Poverty Line (BPL) category who own at least one-and-a-half bighas of land
is provided with an amount of Rs 35,000 for plantation of crops like tea, orange
etc. The schemes that have been completed comprise 41 road connectivity schemes,
31 IBS, nine water conservation schemes, seven land development schemes, and two
flood protection schemes. Eight schemes of financial year 2012-13 are also
included in the above list.

Out of total 91 schemes that were sanctioned for the financial year 2012-13,
works of 41 schemes are going on and works of 42 more have not yet started. For
the year 2013-14, an amount of Rs 1,37,88,000 has been sanctioned against 111
schemes under the Act. The amount will cover Rs 90, 25, 249 as wages of job card
workers, Rs 3,00,008 against the wages of skilled or semi-skilled workers and an
amount of Rs 44,62,669 against the procurement of materials.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                              July 9, 2013 Tuesday

Autonomy, self rule, Azadi irrelevant concepts: NC MP

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, July 9 -- National Conference (NC) senior leader and Member Parliament
Dr Ghulam Nabi Rattanpuri today said that restoration of internal autonomy, self
rule and Azadi are irrelevant concepts which are impossible to happen in the
state.

Participating in a one day seminar here on the topic, the success of prime
ministers special educational package for state youths, the National Conference
member parliament also said that those leaders who are raising such voices about
these issues are befooling people.

"The voices to restore autonomy, self rule and Azadi are gaining momentum when
the elections are drawing closer. Those who are talking about restoration of
these things are actually befooling people," he said.

Rattanpuri said people should remain vigilant against these leaders who are
making those promises which are later impossible to fulfill. "The people should
themselves judge the performance of the political parties and the individuals,
who are making false assurances during election and later forget to fulfill
should be avoided during elections," he said.

On prime minister's special scholarship, Rattanpuri said that the scheme has not
achieved the desired target as the youths selected under the scheme are facing
serious problems. The concerned authorities have not provided them the fee and
other facilities promised under the scheme.

"I raised the issue in and outside the parliament. I also told them that once
any scheme is being announced and implemented it should be implemented in real
sprit, otherwise there is no point to plunge the youth in trouble," he said.

PCC president Prof Saifuddin Soz on the occasion said that youths of the state
should get fully benefited under the prime minister's special scheme. He said
that the scheme has shown positive results and central government should
continue to announce such kind of schemes for the youths of the state.

"Thousands of the youths belong to poor families have been selected under the
scheme. The other youths of the state should also try for the scheme. This is
providing them an opportunity to access their future in professional and various
other fields," he said.

Prof Soz also said that he is ready to guide the youths about the scheme so that
the scheme succeed. "In the initial year, the scheme was not much popular. Now
the scheme has become popular, a large number of the youths has applied under
the scheme, which is a significant sign," he said.

Chairman J&K Peoples Forum, Syed Nasrullah on the occasion said that scheme has
become very popular in the state and the youths who have already admitted under
the scheme are yet to receive the fee and other incentives, promised under the
scheme.

Syed Nasrullah also said that most of the youth applied under the scheme belong
to poor families. "The AICET should clear the fee and other modalities without
any further delay," he said.

On the occasion a large number of students also raised questions about the
success of the scheme. The students said that if central government has
announced the scheme for the benefit of the poor students then they should
implement it in real sprit.

They also said that the scheme has yet to been implemented in true spirit.
Thousands of the students, applied under the scheme and are studying in various
colleges of the country have yet to receive any fee from the AICET and the
college authorities have threatened them to cancel their admissions if the fee
is not been submitted immediately.

The AICET officials on the occasion assured the youths that all the pending
cases of the scholarships would clear within couple of week's time.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

LDA to take over mortgaged plots' possession

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 03

LENGTH: 207  words


Lahore Development Authority has started preliminary proceedings for taking over
possession of mortgaged plots in 21 private housing schemes in the City.

The Authority will sell them through open auction for executing development
works in these neighbourhoods as their developers had failed to complete
development works in these colonies, despite lapse of specified period given to
them for this purpose.

According to a press release issued here on Wednesday, LDA intimated the general
public and developers of these schemes to file their respective objections in
this regard, in the interest of justice. It has also asked them to intimate if
they have any transaction of plots in these schemes. The objections must reach
in the office of the Director Metropolitan Planning, LDA, within fifteen days.

These schemes include Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing Scheme
Phase-I, Al- Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram
Housing Scheme, Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme,
Fazal Elahi/ Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green
Valley Housing scheme, Hyde Park Housing Scheme, Kake Zai Housing Scheme Ph-II,
Khurram Town Housing Scheme, Meraj Town Housing Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      December 19, 2011 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Auzex Resources: Demerger of Auzex Exploration Limited Approved by Shareholders
- Minor Correction

LENGTH: 555  words


Hong Kong, Dec. 19 -- Auzex Resources Limited ("Auzex") is pleases to announce
that Auzex's shareholders today approved the demerger of Auzex Exploration
Limited ("Auzex Exploration").

Summary of Voting

In summary, the results of the General Meeting and the Scheme Meeting of
shareholders of Auzex which were held today are as follows:



Implementation of Demerger

Auzex will seek orders from the Supreme Court of Queensland approving the scheme
of arrangement (Scheme) at a second court hearing scheduled for 9:15 am on
Tuesday 20 December 2011.

If the Court approves the Scheme, Auzex intends to lodge the orders of the Court
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission on Wednesday 21
December 2011 and the Scheme will become effective on that date. Other key dates
for the implementation of the demerger of Auzex Exploration are set out in the
Scheme Booklet.

Results of General Meeting

In accordance with Listing Rule 3.13.2 and section 251AA of the Corporations
Act, Auzex provides the following information in relation to the resolution set
out below, which was passed by Auzex's members at the General Meeting, held on
16 December 2011 (the Capital Reduction Resolution):

'That subject to and conditional on:

1. The Scheme (namely, the scheme of arrangement between Auzex and Auzex
Shareholders referred to as the 'Scheme', as contained in and more particularly
described in the Scheme Booklet) being approved by the Court with or without
modification; and

2. An office copy of the orders of the Court approving the Scheme being lodged
with ASIC, the Capital Reduction (namely, the reduction in Auzex's share capital
on the Implementation Date under section 256B of the Corporations Act, of an
amount of $10,098,288 applied equally against each Scheme Share in accordance
with the Scheme) is approved (terms in this resolution having the same meaning
as in the Booklet).'

Poll results

The Capital Reduction Resolution was passed as an ordinary resolution on a poll,
the results of which were:

Results of Scheme Meeting

In accordance with Listing Rule 3.13.2 and section 251AA of the Corporations
Act, Auzex provides the following information in relation to the resolution set
out below, which was passed by Auzex's members at the Court ordered Scheme
Meeting held on 16 December 2011 (the Scheme Resolution):

'That subject to and conditional on the Capital Reduction Resolution being
approved by Auzex Shareholders, (namely, the reduction in Auzex's share capital
on the Implementation Date under section 256B of the Corporations Act, of an
amount of $10,098,288 applied equally against each Scheme Share in accordance
with the Scheme), pursuant to, and in accordance with, the provisions of section
411 of the Corporations Act, the Scheme (namely, the scheme of arrangement
proposed between Auzex and Auzex Shareholders, referred to as the 'Scheme', as
contained in and more particularly described in the Booklet accompanying the
notice convening this meeting) is agreed to with or without modification as
approved by the Court (terms in this resolution having the same meaning as in
the Booklet).'

Poll results

The Scheme Resolution was passed by a majority in number of shareholders present
and voting at the Scheme Meeting and by at least 75% of the votes cast on the
Scheme Resolution on a poll, the results of which were:

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2011 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                              July 11, 2011 Monday

Government Facing a Pensions Dilemma

BYLINE: Justus Ondari

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: Nairobi


Government efforts to restructure the pension schemes of some of its parastatals
have run into headwinds, as analysts raise issues with the whole process.

Treasury Permanent Secretary Joseph Kinyua, in a circular dated November 24,
2010, directed parastatals with defined benefits pension schemes to convert into
defined contribution schemes from July 1, 2011.

But challenges, including huge deficits, have forced Treasury to extend the
period for some to the end of this year.

"We could not meet the deadline because of the huge deficit in our books but
have been given until December 31," a source in one of the affected schemes said
on condition of anonymity because he is not mandated to speak on its behalf.

A defined benefit scheme is a retirement arrangement that promises a known
benefit at the onset, while a defined contribution scheme promises a fixed
contribution rate.

Industry sources said some of the schemes are facing serious financial
constraints and employers, who are their sponsors, are not in a position to
inject more capital into them.

"The period given for them to comply with the directive was too short and some
of these schemes have huge deficits," Mr Fred Nyayieka, the executive director,
Pensions Advisory Centre Kenya, said.

The country has about 1,300 schemes out of which about 120 are in government.
Half of state schemes have been operating as defined benefit schemes.

"Most of them have initiated the process of converting and we are in the middle
of approving them," said Mr Charles Machira, the manager in charge of
supervision at the Retirement Benefits Authority (RBA), the industry regulator.

Mr Machira declined to name those that have not complied because "the process is
still ongoing". Efforts to get a comment from Mr Kinyua over the matter were
unsuccessful.

Sources indicate that some of the schemes that have complied include those
sponsored by Capital Markets Authority, Communications Commission of Kenya, and
some universities.

But they point out that the Kenya Ports Authority pension scheme, which has a
deficit of Sh10 billion, is among those given an extension.

The National Museums of Kenya, Pyrethrum Board of Kenya and Coast Development
Authority are said to have huge deficits although we could not confirm if they
have sought or been given the extension.

But the Kenya Railway pension scheme, which you would expect to be in the red,
is over-funded.

This is because, as part of the clean-up in concessioning of Kenya-Uganda
Railway to Rift Valley Railways, some assets were transferred to it now valued
at Sh17 billion and land at Sh10 billion.

While analysts say the quasi government schemes operating on a defined benefit
basis were set up without professional guidance, Mr Machira says they borrowed
from the bigger civil service pension scheme.

Their deficits, according to the RBA manager, is a product of historical
problems including poor investment, non-remittance of contributions by
employers, under-funding and generous benefits.

Coupled with contingency liabilities arising from schemes of defunct sponsors
like the Electoral Commission of Kenya, the government has been looking for ways
of managing the cost of providing pension services to its employees.

One of the measures is changing the design of pension schemes from defined
benefits to defined contribution schemes to eliminate the open-ended liabilities
associated with defined benefit schemes.

For instance, under the defined benefit scheme, if an employee's salary goes up
a year before he retires, the benefits are calculated as if he has been earning
the new salary his working life.

"Global experience shows that the government move is the right if we have to
manage our pension liabilities," says Mr Machira.

This is understandable given that, for instance, in the UK, in 1979 about 92 per
cent of the schemes were operating on a defined benefit basis.

By 2007, 87 per cent of the schemes had been frozen and are operating on defined
contributions.

In the 1990s, more than 80 per cent of the schemes converted to defined
contributions in South Africa although this move has been a source of
litigations.

Treasury says such schemes were frozen from this month such that no new members
will be allowed to join and the sponsors will continue contributing to eliminate
deficits.

Members' benefits will continue to be re-valued during the future working lives
and all employees in parastatals will be compelled to join defined contribution.

"The government does not have the moral ground to order parastatals to convert
while it is still operating a defined benefit scheme for civil servants and
teachers," said Mr Nyayieka.

He notes that while the changes are affecting about 100,000 employees, the civil
service pension scheme with over 450, 000 civil servants - mainstream civil
servants like security forces - is non-contributory operating on a defined
benefit basis.

This is critical given that the government's pension benefits bill has been
increasing exponentially from Sh2 billion 10 years ago to in excess of Sh20
billion per year currently.

They warn that converting the schemes could create an even bigger problem. "It
may even compound the government's cost of offering pension in parastatal
schemes because it will amount to running two schemes," said an industry player
anonymously.

Mr Nyayieka says the cause is the fact there's no national pensions policy over
14 years since the RBA Act was enacted.

"Therefore, a directive by a government officer at Treasury is taken as
government policy on pensions," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Gap cover can offer you some relief from rising medical costs;
If you have medical scheme cover, you may need to consider an insurance product
that tops up or fills the gaps in your cover. There is a confusing |array of
products, and you need to be aware of what is available and what |is right for
you. You also need to know of the shadow hanging over medical insurance
products. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 707 words


An increasing number of medical scheme members are turning to medical gap cover
policies to give them peace of mind that their medical bills will be settled in
full.

Gap cover policies have traditionally been sold only to medical scheme members
to cover the difference between what your scheme pays a specialist who treats
you in hospital and what the specialist charges. They are typically offered by
short-term insurers - by law, medical schemes cannot offer insurance - and the
benefits of an insurance policy must be paid to you rather than to your
practitioner.

The scrapping of the guideline tariffs on which many medical schemes based their
benefits has increased the uncertainty about what doctors charge and what
schemes will pay. In July last year the North Gauteng High Court found that the
process in terms of which the guideline tariffs - the Reference Price List (RPL)
- was drafted was flawed, and it scrapped the list.

Other gaps in medical scheme cover have arisen as schemes have cut back on
benefits to keep their contributions affordable, and more gap cover policies
offering cover for more gaps have come on to the market.

In addition to offering different benefits, policies have different terms.
Scheme members need to be aware when these products will meet their unpaid
medical bills.

Some schemes eliminate gaps

You should also be aware of the ongoing debate about whether you need gap cover
if you belong to a medical scheme that has developed a direct payment
arrangement with a network of specialists.

Over the past four years, schemes have decreased the rates at which they
reimburse specialists. The move was initiated by Discovery Health, which dropped
specialist rates on many of its options in 2007, and there are now few scheme
options that still offer cover for specialists at 300 percent of rates based on
the former RPL.

Thereafter, Discovery and Momentum introduced direct payments to specialists who
agree to charge the scheme's rate. Members who use a specialist on the scheme's
list or network will not be charged more than the scheme pays.

Peter Hyman, a director of a gap cover provider Complimed, says if you belong to
a scheme with a specialist arrangement and you are prepared to always use a
doctor in that network, then the chances are that you will probably not require
tariff gap cover. However, if you belong to a scheme that has reduced its rates
for specialists and does not offer any specialist arrangement, or you would like
to have the choice of which practitioner you wish to consult, then you should
consider tariff gap cover.

Victor Crouser, the head of the coastal region at Alexander Forbes Health, which
sells the gap cover |policies of Guardrisk, an Alexander Forbes group
subsidiary, says schemes with extensive specialist network arrangements argue
that gap cover products are unnecessary and that they dilute scheme initiatives
to control medical costs.

But, he says, even if your scheme has a specialist network, you can never be
sure that your provider is on the network unless you check at each visit
because, for example, contracts change and doctors move.

Crouser says at times you may not be able to access a network |specialist or may
not want to deal with one. For example, women |may prefer to see their own
|gynaecologist rather than one specified by the scheme.

Besides reducing their specialist rates, schemes have curtailed benefits by
introducing sub-limits on things such as cancer treatments and renal dialysis,
and introducing co-payments on expensive procedures such as scopes and scans.

Growth in gap cover

Gap cover policies have been selling at a faster rate and more products have
appeared since Guardrisk won its case against the Registrar of Medical Schemes
in 2009.

In 2006, the Council approached the Johannesburg High Court to have Guardrisk's
gap cover policy closed down on the grounds that |it was doing the business of a
medical scheme.

The council lost the case in the Supreme Court of Appeal in 2008.

Hyman says that during the court battle with Guardrisk the council threatened to
take away the accreditation of medical scheme brokers who sold gap cover.
Brokers, particularly big national ones, are now feeling more confident about
selling these products, he says.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            December 13, 2010 Monday

18,286 join scheme for easier life in old age

BYLINE: Halimatul Hamid; Rozanna Latiff

SECTION: ; Spotlight; LOCAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1020 words


THE self-employed and those without fixed income, including housewives, can now
save up for their twilight years with the Employees Provident Fund's 1Malaysia
Retirement Savings Scheme. HALIMATUL HAMID and ROZANNA LATIFF report.

The Employees Provident Fund's retirement scheme for the self-employed has
attracted RM19.6 million in contributions in the first seven months since it was
launched.

EPF corporate communications general manager Nik Affendi Jaafar said as of Aug
31, 18,286 people had begun contributing to the 1Malaysia Retirement Savings
Scheme, which was an encouraging response.

"I hope more will take up this scheme so that they will have something to fall
back on in their twilight years. It is a good way to get people to be
disciplined to save for their retirement."

The scheme was introduced in January to provide the self-employed with a degree
of financial security in their old age.

Those eligible include people who do not earn a fixed monthly income, such as
fishermen, farmers, petty traders and artistes.

"We have also approached target groups which have traditionally been unable to
apply for retirement savings schemes, such as taxi driver associations and the
creative industry."

Most of the contributors are self-employed businessmen who make up 38 per cent
of those who have applied for the scheme. A total of 1,065 housewives were also
among the contributors.

Nik Affendi said the scheme was extended to housewives in July and it allowed
them to set aside as little as RM50 a month.

"I think everyone knows it's important to save for your retirement. We are
giving the opportunity to women at home, who otherwise would have to depend on
their husbands, to save, and at the same time, earn dividends on their
contributions.

"The contributors are not required to deposit monthly, only when they feel it is
necessary."

He said the scheme should not be the only retirement savings scheme for the
self-employed.

"This scheme was intended to address the need for a viable retirement savings
plan for the self-employed and those who do not earn a fixed income.

"Those who can afford it should be looking into more than one savings plan and
they can do so through other means, such as investments or insurance.

"This scheme is for people who may not have these options."

Under the scheme, contributors will receive annual dividends in addition to a
five per cent contribution from the government, subject to a maximum of RM60 per
year over the next five years.

Nik Affendi said it was the only retirement savings plan which received
additional funds from the government.

"This shows that the government recognises the hard work and contributions of
the self-employed to nation-building."

The scheme allows contributors to deposit a minimum of RM50 and a maximum of
RM5,000 a month.

Housewives stand to benefit

THE 1Malaysia Retirement Savings Scheme, which was extended to housewives in
July, could save thousands of stay-at-home women from financial ruin.

Women's Aid Organisation executive director Ivy Josiah said the Employees
Provident Fund scheme for the self-employed provided housewives with much-needed
financial security in the event their spouses were no longer able to provide for
them.

"Many women who have given up their careers to care for their family often find
themselves in dire straits when their husbands die or abandon them.

"Any scheme which allows them to save and earn dividends should be encouraged."

She said the scheme was a progressive step towards recognising the contributions
of housewives to the nation, and suggested that husbands be required to make
regular payments to the scheme.

"We may not realise this but housewives play an important role in bringing up
children and providing support to their spouses through work such as cooking,
cleaning and nursing.

"All of this work can and should be measured.

"The breadwinner of the house should make monthly payments to his partner's
retirement savings scheme to ensure that she is properly recognised for her
contributions to their household."

Rozita Othman, 40, a housewife with three children, said the scheme had provided
many women with an opportunity to save.

"I had no savings after resigning from my job as a factory worker but this
scheme will give me a chance to assist my husband financially.

"Since this scheme gives me the same benefits as other EPF contributors, I can
put my daughter through college or buy my son a laptop with my savings."

Another housewife, Zarinah Safri, from Port Dickson, said the scheme allowed
women who worked from home a chance to be financially independent.

"I know many women who have taken up sewing or baking to earn some extra cash.

"This scheme will give them a place to deposit their money and earn dividends."

Zarina Bivi M. Abdul Rahman, a housewife who works from home as a part-time
direct seller, said the scheme should be better promoted.

"Many housewives are in the dark about this. I think the EPF should do more to
inform them through its website or television advertisements."

A much needed safety net for the self-employed

BUSINESSMEN are the largest contributors to the 1Malaysia Retirement Savings
Scheme.

According to the Employees Provident Fund, 7,086, or 38 per cent, of the 18,286
contributors to the scheme are self-employed businessmen.

Another 37 per cent, or 6,882, are freelance or odd-job workers.

Fazilah Shahrian, 46, a hawker, said the scheme was a much-needed safety net for
many self-employed traders who were now able to channel their profits to a
retirement fund.

"Before this, it was difficult to keep track of our savings, and when times are
bad, we tend to use them without taking our future into consideration.

"This scheme will ensure that we save a certain amount that can only be used
upon our retirement," she said.

Taxi driver Mohamad Zamri Mesni, 31, said the government should create a more
holistic scheme which could provide both retirement savings and medical
benefits.

"Many of us in the lower-income group find it difficult to contribute monthly to
health insurance schemes.

"A more flexible scheme will allow us to make irregular payments to both funds."

( END )

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

Tax-saver schemes lag diversified funds

BYLINE: Madhu T

SECTION: MF NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


MUMBAI: It seems that taxsaving mutual fund schemes are on the verge of losing
their unique selling point. Mutual fund advisers hardsell these schemes to
prospective investors claiming that they have the potential to outperform other
category of equity schemes - especially diversified schemes. Advisers are
unlikely to make such claim this financial year-end , as an analysis of data
shows that tax-saving schemes from leading mutual fund houses have been lagging
their diversified counterparts in onethree- and five-year periods.

'' It is no longer a big secret that tax-saving schemes are not being able to
live up to their reputation. Earlier, they used to beat diversified schemes in
the long-term and even used to outperform them regularly in the short period,"
says an investment adviser, who doesn't want to be named. However, that doesn't
seem the case anymore . Hemant Rustagi, CEO, Wiseinvest, a wealth management
firm, says: '' A pointto-point comparison of returns of tax-saving scheme and
diversified schemes doesn't give you the complete picture . In fact, tax-saving
schemes are more volatile than diversified schemes.''

A look at the performance of tax-saving schemes and diversified schemes in the
same fund house reveal that tax-saving schemes have been lagging even in the
short period of one year. Rustagi says the small and midcap stocks in the
portfolio of tax schemes could be a reason for their underperformance .
Tax-saving schemes tend to bet more on these stocks because the fund manager has
the time to realise their full value because of the mandatory lock-in period of
three years. However , it doesn't seem to have paid off. Another reason for the
underperformance of these schemes could be that they witness inflows typically
towards the financial year end. '' Probably, they are not able to capitalise on
the opportunities because of lack of inflows,'' says Rusgai.

A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life MF, says taxsaving schemes still has the
potential to beat diversified schemes in the long term of five years and more.
'' A pointto-point comparison could be misleading because sometimes the rally
would led by large cap and followed by mid and small caps. The picture may
differ depending on when you are looking at performance ,'' he says. '' As long
as the composition of the portfolio is fine and the volatility is not very high,
a marginal underperformance shouldn't be a great concern,'' he added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Tax-saver schemes lag diversified funds

BYLINE: Madhu T

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 410 words


MUMBAI: It seems that tax-saving mutual fund schemes are on the verge of losing
their unique selling point. Mutual fund advisers hardsell these schemes to
prospective investors claiming that they have the potential to outperform other
category of equity schemes - especially diversified schemes. Advisers are
unlikely to make such claim this financial year-end, as an analysis of data
shows that tax-saving schemes from leading mutual fund houses have been lagging
their diversified counterparts in one- three- and five-year periods.

"It is no longer a big secret that tax-saving schemes are not being able to live
up to their reputation. Earlier, they used to beat diversified schemes in the
long-term and even used to outperform them regularly in the short period," says
an investment adviser, who doesn't want to be named. However, that doesn't seem
the case anymore. Hemant Rustagi, CEO, Wiseinvest, a wealth management firm,
says: "A point-to-point comparison of returns of tax-saving scheme and
diversified schemes doesn't give you the complete picture. In fact, tax-saving
schemes are more volatile than diversified schemes."

A look at the performance of tax-saving schemes and diversified schemes in the
same fund house reveal that tax-saving schemes have been lagging even in the
short period of one year. Rustagi says the small and midcap stocks in the
portfolio of tax schemes could be a reason for their underperformance.
Tax-saving schemes tend to bet more on these stocks because the fund manager has
the time to realise their full value because of the mandatory lock-in period of
three years. However, it doesn't seem to have paid off. Another reason for the
underperformance of these schemes could be that they witness inflows typically
towards the financial year end. "Probably, they are not able to capitalise on
the opportunities because of lack of inflows," says Rusgai.

A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life MF, says tax-saving schemes still has the
potential to beat diversified schemes in the long term of five years and more.
"A point-to-point comparison could be misleading because sometimes the rally
would led by large cap and followed by mid and small caps. The picture may
differ depending on when you are looking at performance," he says. "As long as
the composition of the portfolio is fine and the volatility is not very high, a
marginal underperformance shouldn't be a great concern," he added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

317 DEVELOPMENT SCHEMES APPROVED

LENGTH: 191 words


RAWALPINDI: District Government has formally approved 317 development schemes
for 8 towns proposed by all members of the District Assembly with estimated cost
of Rs. 449.24 million while the work would be started from September.

According to Annual Development Programme, Rs. 346.5 million would be released
in current fiscal year for the 317 development schemes while the rest of the
money would be released next year. The 317 development schemes include 196
schemes suggested by Nazims of 8 towns, 62 schemes suggested by women members,
11 schemes of minorities members, 8 schemes of farmer labourer members and 140
schemes of line department are include in 317 development schemes.

While the 49 schemes of Rawal Town Union Council Nazims, 40 schemes of Potohar
Town UC Nazims, 11 schemes of Texila Town UC Nazims, 36 development schemes of
Gujjar Khan Town UC Nazims, 15 development schemes of Kalar Syedan UC Nazims, 16
development schemes of Kahuta UC Nazims, 17 schemes of Murree UC Nazims and 12
development schemes of Kotli Sattian UC nazims has also been approved.

District Government would provide fund in its budget of current fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2006 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            June 25, 1994, Saturday

Your pension

BYLINE: Sara McConnell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1097 words


The 11 million people who belong to company pension schemes were told this week
that they would have more protection against unscrupulous employers defrauding
them or stealing their pension, and against negligence.

Two-and-a-half years after Robert Maxwell made off with Pounds 450 million of
pension money belonging to his employees, Peter Lilley, the Social Security
Secretary, has published a White Paper on pension reform. The White Paper, which
will form the basis for a Pensions Bill in the autumn, sets out wide-ranging
proposals for tighter regulation of company pension schemes.  These will take
effect from April 1997. Mr Lilley's stated aim is to reduce the chance of
another scandal and restore people's confidence in their company pension schemes
. For the first time employees will be able to take concerns about their schemes
to an occupational pensions regulator who will have powers to investigate and
impose sanctions on schemes which are breaking the rules.

Also for the first time, the Government is to impose minimum levels of solvency
on pension schemes, so they have enough money to pay their members if the scheme
has to be wound up. If employees are the victim of fraud or theft they can claim
compensation. The Government also proposes that employers be compelled to let
scheme members appoint a certain number of trustees to the board.

But many believe the proposals do not go far enough. So what is the Government
offering?

PA I'm in my company pension scheme, but I never get much information about it.
Anything I do get is incomprehensible. Will this change under the new rules?

PA Yes. You should already be getting basic information about your scheme. But
the rules will make it clearer what yo are entitled to. You should be told
details of contributions you make, benefits you can expect to receive, whether
you can expect pension increases, whether the trustee or the employer can change
the scheme or use surplus money from it and what you get if the scheme has to be
wound up. All these should be in plain English. You will also have rights to
further information.

PA What will my rights to further information be?

PA As now, you will be entitled to ask for annual statements of the benefits you
have earned so far. More generally, this statement should tell you how solvent
your scheme is (that is, whether its assets equal or exceed its liabilities). It
should also say how your funds are invested.

Now, you are only given this automatically if you are in a money purchase scheme
. If you are in a scheme that pays a pension based on your final salary, you
have to ask. This will continue under the new rules. Check your basic
information to see what sort of scheme you have.

You can also ask for information such as reports and accounts, which the new
rules say should be in plain English.

PA What if my employer doesn't give me the information I'm entitled to?

PA Complain to the pension scheme trustee. You should be able to find out who
the trustee is by ringing your employer's pensions department. Your employer may
also be a trustee, particularly in a small company, although the pension fund
must be run separately from the business.

If this does not work, you will be able to go through a new formal internal
dispute resolution procedure. Under the government proposals, schemes will have
to have such a procedure. If not satisfied, you can go to the Occupational
Pension Schemes Advisory Service (071-233 8080), as now.  Disputes that it
cannot handle go to Michael Platt, the pensions ombudsman (071-834 9144). These
bodies already deal with all sorts of disputes, not just those about supplying
information. %So where will this new occupational pensions regulator fit in? Is
he the same as the ombudsman?

&No. The occupational pensions regulator will be a new watchdog, created under
the Pensions Act. He will be appointed by the Government when the legislation
takes effect in April 1997 and will ensure that pension schemes comply with the
new rules. He will have powers to investigate and discipline. New sanctions will
be introduced for trustees and employers breaking the law. The regulator will
deal with schemes breaking rules on solvency, winding up schemes, using scheme
surpluses and paying over contributions. Scheme members will be able to approach
the regulator direct if they suspect something is wrong with their scheme.

PA Who does the regulator's job at the moment?

PA Nobody. There is no single regulator for occupational pension schemes.
Trustees are meant to blow the whistle if necessary, but they do not always take
this as seriously as they should.

PA So isn't the regulator a good thing? Why do people say he will be weak?

PA He certainly will be a good thing as far as he goes. Originally, the idea was
that the regulator should have greater powers, including overriding the rules of
a scheme on behalf of members and pensioners. Trustees would also have had to
tell him immediately if there was going to be a shortfall in the fund. Now, he
will only intervene as a last resort.

PA What if there is a shortfall in a fund and the trustees don't tell the
regulator?

PA The regulator can still investigate. If there is a shortfall, the company
would be breaking new minimum solvency rules. It has to make sure that, when
fund investments are valued, they cover what the scheme would have to pay out if
it had to be wound up. If it falls below 90 per cent of the sum needed, the
company would have to pump more money into it. It is the trustees' duty to tell
the employer to put in money and to tell the regulator if employer and trustees
cannot agree.

PA Aren't the trustees normally appointed by the employer?

PA Yes, in the majority of schemes. But under the new rules, in all schemes with
more than 100 members, one third of the trustees will have to be appointed by
the scheme members.

This measure is intended to make trustees more accountable. But they will still
constitute a minority on most boards. Furthermore, many people are in schemes
with fewer than 100 members.

PA There are always companies who slip through the net. What happens then?

PA A compensation fund backed by a levy on schemes will pay up to 90 per cent of
missing assets or the amount needed to restore a scheme to 90 per cent solvency,
whichever is less. It will pay out if all else fails and you face losing your
pension because your employer has stolen the money, defrauded scheme members or
if the scheme is insolvent with no more money coming in from the employer.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Times Newspapers Limited


                              376 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             May 19, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Brickbats and bouquets;
KEEP `EM HONEST

BYLINE: Anne Lampe

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 745 words


Two weeks ago I wrote that investors in mass-marketed schemes who fought the
Australian Taxation Office (ATO) in the Federal Court instead of settling, ended
up with a better deal and kept their tax deductions. Moreover, because they won,
they got their legal costs paid by the ATO.

The deductions that remained in place included voluminous amounts of loan
interest and advance management fees, which together ate up most of the invested
amount. They kept these deductions despite the fact that the investment scheme
failed within three years of marketing.

There were no brownie points forthcoming from Michael Carmody, the Tax
Commissioner, over the view expressed in that column. But there were plenty of
brickbats.

The gist of the brickbats was that I had highlighted only one scheme and that it
was different and marketed earlier than later schemes, the subject of
settlements.

The Tax Commissioner said there have been five decisions over the years on
schemes in the ATO's favour, one of which is still seeking a high court hearing.

The Commissioner pointed out that about 10,000 taxpayers out of 11,000 caught in
the schemes have now settled and put the matter behind them.

and the tax bills they generated have to be paid. The cash component was usually
very little because most of the amount invested was borrowed.

This prompts the question: what was so different about the scheme Cooke and
Jamieson - the two lawyers who won their case - invested in, and the others?

The two taxpayer said they invested in the scheme - a native flower project
marketed in 1988 by Growth Industries Management Ltd - for their retirement.

The other schemes appeared to be similar, except that the underlying product
changed to grapes, tea tree oil research, fruit and olives.

Cooke and Jamieson borrowed nearly the entire amount of their combined $800,000
investment, and wrote off all the loan interest and $661,850 in combined advance
management fees.

The scheme failed three years later. But they said that they paid extra money
for a guaranteed return to be paid five years after investment. That guaranteed
return never arrived because the scheme failed.

According to the Tax Commissioner, there are differences between Cooke and
Jamieson and the rest , the main one being the guarantee option that never
eventuated.

The ATO also pointed out that the commissioner did not agree with the Cooke and
Jamieson-claimed deductions, which is why the case was fought in court. On this
occasion, it lost.

Asked if the Cooke and Jamieson decision would now apply to other taxpayers
caught by that native flower scheme, the ATO spokesman said he could not say.

Assistant Commissioner Kevin Fitzpatrick said that the flower scheme featured a
guaranteed return and therefore it amounted to a deferred income scheme rather
than a tax minimisation or evasion scheme.

He added that the way the later schemes were set up inflated the interest on the
loan component and featured non-recourse (that is, non-repayable) loans and that
was a point of difference to the scheme invested in by Cooke and Jamieson.

It is not clear from the Cooke and Jamieson judgement whether the taxpayers had
to repay their loan. But if those loans did not have to be repaid when the
scheme fell over, then they fit the category of non-recourse loans.

Fitzpatrick also said that later schemes featured a round robin of funds, which
came from a company associated with the scheme promoter or manager and ended up
back there without a debt being incurred.

The money to get into the scheme was also borrowed by Cooke and Jamieson from a
company within the Growth Industries group.

In common with many other schemes, the flower scheme failed to deliver any
returns to investors. Another feature common to the Cooke/Jamieson scheme and
others is that the management fees ate up most of the investment and had to be
paid in advance. Growth Industries hooked in about 2000 investors, which sounds
like a mass-marketed scheme.

Perhaps a difference was that Cooke and Jamieson were lawyers and trusted the
legal system to deliver for them. Their punt proved correct - the Federal Court
agreed with them not once but twice.

Not all taxpayers can afford to take that punt. With a new wave of promoters
gearing up to sell another lot of year-end tax schemes, it appears from the
above lottery of outcomes that taxpayers would be crazy to invest in any scheme
that does not have a tax ruling in its favour assuring them of the
Commissioner's OK stamp.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Growth pains: the ATO frowns on agri-schemes Photo: Tamara Dean

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

               August 26, 2004 Thursday All-round Country Edition

Cut and trust of rationalisation

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Bryan Frith

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1021 words


Trusts need schemes of arrangement

THE round of rationalisation among listed property trusts has demonstrated the
desirability of enabling such mergers and takeovers to be achieved by way of
schemes of arrangement.

At present that is not the case. Trusts were brought within the jurisdiction of
the takeover provisions through the CLERP law reform amendments in March 2.
Before that, changes of control were achieved simply by obtaining unitholder
approval for a change of manager.

It would have been logical at the same time to amend the Corporations Act to
allow trust acquisitions via schemes of arrangement, but it did not happen. Thus
schemes of arrangement apply only to corporations and not to trusts.

As a result, trusts cannot be taken over or merged by way of a scheme of
arrangement. Schemes have been used for hybrids, which involve both a trust and
a company -- typically with the trust owning the assets and the company owning
the right to manage the trust and/or has trading activities -- and with both
securities stapled together.

However, although the offer consideration takes account of the value of the
stapled securities, the scheme applies only to the share component of the
stapled security. The acquirer must trust that the constitution of the target
trust ensures that acquisition of the company component will bring with it the
trust component of the stapled security.

But acquisitions of stand-alone trusts are accomplished by what the Takeovers
Panel has dubbed "trust schemes". They are similar in some aspects to schemes of
arrangement, but unlike schemes of arrangement they are not subject to the
oversight of ASIC or the scrutiny and approval of the courts to ensure equitable
treatment of unitholders.

Moreover, they are not subject to the investor protection measures of the
takeover provisions, although attempts have been made via the Takeovers Panel to
address those deficiencies.

The recent three-way merger of the Westfield Group was achieved by a scheme of
arrangement for the company, Westfield Holdings, and trust schemes for the two
trusts -- Westfield Trust and Westfield America Trust. The proposed merger of
Lend Lease and General Property Trust will be by way of a scheme of arrangement
of Lend Lease and a trust scheme for GPT. The proposed three-way merger of the
Deutsche Trusts -- Deutsche Diversified, Deutsche Office and Deutsche Industrial
-- to form a global retail trust, DB RREEF, will be by way of three trust
schemes.

However, the proposed merger of Macquarie Office Trust and Principal America
Office Trust is by way of a formal takeover bid.

The first trust scheme was used two years ago by CBA's Commonwealth Property
Office Fund and Gandel Retail Trust in their joint acquisition of Colonial First
State Property Trust. In that instance they were opposed by Mirvac Group, which
made a rival bid through a formal takeover offer, under the Corporations Act.

While trust schemes are neither a takeover nor a scheme of arrangement, and
therefore have no specific statutory framework, they nevertheless take advantage
of the takeover provisions to avoid having to make a formal takeover offer.

Section 606 prohibits a party from acquiring more than 20 per cent of a company
or trust without first extending an offer for all securities. But section 611
provides a number of exemptions, one of which, s611 (7), enables the purchase of
more than 20 per cent if it is approved by the shareholders of the target
company.

That is normally used for parties to acquire a significant, possibly
controlling, stake. Under a trust scheme, it involves acquiring 100 per cent of
the target trust. That requires only a simple majority of unitholders who vote.

However, it also requires an amendment to the trust's constitution to ensure
that the acquirer can enforce compulsory acquisition. As with a scheme of
arrangement, that requires the approval of 75 per cent of the unitholdings
voted, but unlike a scheme of arrangement it does not also require the approval
of 50 per cent of unitholders who vote.

There's a further problem with trust schemes. Section 611 (7) stipulates buyer
and vendors cannot vote on a proposed acquisition. With a trust scheme, all the
target unitholders would be vendors and therefore unable to vote, so a
modification is required by ASIC.

Mirvac complained to the Takeovers Panel that CPA-Gandel should not be able to
use such a mechanism. The panel disagreed, although it obtained undertakings
from CPA-Gandel to provide more information, and it considered that it raised
"fundamental questions" about trust schemes.

As a result, the panel released a guidance note setting out guidelines for trust
schemes. It involves a blend of the requirements for schemes of arrangement and
takeover offers, borrowing heavily from the latter, because trust schemes do not
have court supervision, which ensures that all interests are heard, balanced and
protected on a case-by-case basis.

Thus the guidance note stipulates that parties with a vested interest (who would
vote as a separate class under a scheme of arrangement) should not vote on a
trust scheme, that the bidder should not be able to include defeating conditions
of a type that would be prohibited under a takeover offer or that bidders would
have an unfettered right to withdraw a trust scheme offer. Failure to comply
with the guidance note would run the risk of the panel making a declaration of
unacceptable circumstances, with appropriate orders.

Although that would be enough to ensure that the interests of target unitholders
are looked after in trust schemes, while there is no specific legislation
covering such transactions the sharp end of town will always look to exploit it
in ways that disadvantage target unitholders.

The preferable outcome would be to amend the Corporations Act to bring trusts
within the ambit of schemes of arrangement. That would simplify matters and
ensure that trust acquisitions could be achieved either by way of a takeover bid
or a scheme of arrangement, as is the case for companies.

bfrith@acenet.com.au

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              378 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

1480 uplift schemes worth Rs 2.30 bln approved for Sargodha div

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, March 1 -- Commissioner Sargodha, Nadeem Mehboob approved 1480
development schemes worth Rs 2.30 billion under the Prime Minister Development
Programme.

Under the programme, a total of 578 development schemes will be completed in
Sargodha at a cost of Rs 1 billion and 195 schemes in Khushab district at a cost
of Rs 400 million, 272 schemes in Mianwali at a cost of Rs 400 million while in
Bhakkar 335 schemes were approved to be completed at a cost of Rs 400 million.

The approval was given here on Wednesday in a meeting of the divisional
development committee which was chaired by Commissioner Sargodha division,
Nadeem Mehboob.

The Commissioner urged the departments concerned to speed up work of all ongoing
projects and complete them within stipulated period and also ensure transparency
in the construction of projects.

The meeting was told that total Rs 223.5 million would be spent on 222 schemes
of electricity provision in Sargodha and Rs 12 million for a health scheme, Rs
117 million for provision of water in two schemes of Municipal sector while Rs
530 million have also been allocated for 320 schemes of sewerage and drainage
work.

Similarly, Rs 215.9 million were allocated for 27 schemes of infrastructure
development and Rs 115 million have been allocated for six schemes of roads
construction.

The meeting was told that Rs 84.9 million to be spent on 86 projects for
provision of electricity in the district Khushab, Rs 70 million on a scheme of
health sector while Rs 209 million on 82 schemes of construction of parks and
graveyards and Rs 29.5 million on another scheme of infrastructure development.

In Mianwali district, Rs 277.2 million will be spent for 197 schemes of
electricity, Rs 18 million for two schemes of infrastructure development, Rs 77
million for 59 schemes of sewerage and sanitation while Rs 50 million on 14
schemes for construction of roads.

The meeting was briefed that Rs 258.2 million have been allocated for 307
schemes of electricity installation, Rs 28.8 million for 10 schemes of Municipal
sector and Rs 180 million for 18 infrastructure development projects

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

1480 uplift schemes worth Rs 2.30 bln approved for Sargodha div

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: New York



 SARGODHA: Commissioner Sargodha, Nadeem Mehboob
 approved 1480 development schemes worth Rs 2.30 billion under the
 Prime Minister Development Programme.
 Under the programme, a total of 578 development schemes will
 be completed in Sargodha at a cost of Rs 1 billion and 195 schemes
 in Khushab district at a cost of Rs 400 million, 272 schemes in
 Mianwali at a cost of Rs 400 million while in Bhakkar 335 schemes
 were approved to be completed at a cost of Rs 400 million.


 The approval was given here on Wednesday in a meeting of the
 divisional development committee which was chaired by Commissioner
 Sargodha division, Nadeem Mehboob.
 The Commissioner urged the departments concerned to speed up
 work of all ongoing projects and complete them within stipulated
 period and also ensure transparency in the construction of projects.
 The meeting was told that total Rs 223.5 million would be spent
 on 222 schemes of electricity provision in Sargodha and Rs 12 million
 for a health scheme, Rs 117 million for provision of water in two
 schemes of Municipal sector while Rs 530 million have also been
 allocated for 320 schemes of sewerage and drainage work.
 Similarly, Rs 215.9 million were allocated for 27 schemes of infrastructure
development and Rs 115 million have been allocated
 for six schemes of roads construction.
 The meeting was told that Rs 84.9 million to be spent on 86
 projects for provision of electricity in the district Khushab,
 Rs 70 million on a scheme of health sector while Rs 209 million
 on 82 schemes of construction of parks and graveyards and
 Rs 29.5 million on another scheme of infrastructure development.
 In Mianwali district, Rs 277.2 million will be spent for
 197 schemes of electricity, Rs 18 million for two schemes of
 infrastructure development, Rs 77 million for 59 schemes of
 sewerage and sanitation while Rs 50 million on 14 schemes for
 construction of roads.
 The meeting was briefed that Rs 258.2 million have been
 allocated for 307 schemes of electricity installation, Rs 28.8 million
 for 10 schemes of Municipal sector and Rs 180 million for 18
 infrastructure development projects.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 26, 2017 Sunday

1480 uplift schemes worth Rs 2.30 bln approved for Sargodha div

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Feb. 26 -- Commissioner Sargodha, Nadeem Mehboob approved 1480
development schemes worth Rs 2.30 billion under the Prime Minister Development
Programme.

Under the programme, a total of 578 development schemes will be completed in
Sargodha at a cost of Rs 1 billion and 195 schemes in Khushab district at a cost
of Rs 400 million, 272 schemes in Mianwali at a cost of Rs 400 million while in
Bhakkar 335 schemes were approved to be completed at a cost of Rs 400 million.

The approval was given here on Wednesday in a meeting of the divisional
development committee which was chaired by Commissioner Sargodha division,
Nadeem Mehboob.

The Commissioner urged the departments concerned to speed up work of all ongoing
projects and complete them within stipulated period and also ensure transparency
in the construction of projects.

The meeting was told that total Rs 223.5 million would be spent on 222 schemes
of electricity provision in Sargodha and Rs 12 million for a health scheme, Rs
117 million for provision of water in two schemes of Municipal sector while Rs
530 million have also been allocated for 320 schemes of sewerage and drainage
work.

Similarly, Rs 215.9 million were allocated for 27 schemes of infrastructure
development and Rs 115 million have been allocated for six schemes of roads
construction.

The meeting was told that Rs 84.9 million to be spent on 86 projects for
provision of electricity in the district Khushab, Rs 70 million on a scheme of
health sector while Rs 209 million on 82 schemes of construction of parks and
graveyards and Rs 29.5 million on another scheme of infrastructure development.

In Mianwali district, Rs 277.2 million will be spent for 197 schemes of
electricity, Rs 18 million for two schemes of infrastructure development, Rs 77
million for 59 schemes of sewerage and sanitation while Rs 50 million on 14
schemes for construction of roads.

The meeting was briefed that Rs 258.2 million have been allocated for 307
schemes of electricity installation, Rs 28.8 million for 10 schemes of Municipal
sector and Rs 180 million for 18 infrastructure development projects

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

1480 uplift schemes worth Rs 2.30 bln approved for Sargodha div

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: New York



 SARGODHA: Commissioner Sargodha, Nadeem Mehboob
 approved 1480 development schemes worth Rs 2.30 billion under the
 Prime Minister Development Programme.
 Under the programme, a total of 578 development schemes will
 be completed in Sargodha at a cost of Rs 1 billion and 195 schemes
 in Khushab district at a cost of Rs 400 million, 272 schemes in
 Mianwali at a cost of Rs 400 million while in Bhakkar 335 schemes
 were approved to be completed at a cost of Rs 400 million.


 The approval was given here on Wednesday in a meeting of the
 divisional development committee which was chaired by Commissioner
 Sargodha division, Nadeem Mehboob.
 The Commissioner urged the departments concerned to speed up
 work of all ongoing projects and complete them within stipulated
 period and also ensure transparency in the construction of projects.
 The meeting was told that total Rs 223.5 million would be spent
 on 222 schemes of electricity provision in Sargodha and Rs 12 million
 for a health scheme, Rs 117 million for provision of water in two
 schemes of Municipal sector while Rs 530 million have also been
 allocated for 320 schemes of sewerage and drainage work.
 Similarly, Rs 215.9 million were allocated for 27 schemes of infrastructure
development and Rs 115 million have been allocated
 for six schemes of roads construction.
 The meeting was told that Rs 84.9 million to be spent on 86
 projects for provision of electricity in the district Khushab,
 Rs 70 million on a scheme of health sector while Rs 209 million
 on 82 schemes of construction of parks and graveyards and
 Rs 29.5 million on another scheme of infrastructure development.
 In Mianwali district, Rs 277.2 million will be spent for
 197 schemes of electricity, Rs 18 million for two schemes of
 infrastructure development, Rs 77 million for 59 schemes of
 sewerage and sanitation while Rs 50 million on 14 schemes for
 construction of roads.
 The meeting was briefed that Rs 258.2 million have been
 allocated for 307 schemes of electricity installation, Rs 28.8 million
 for 10 schemes of Municipal sector and Rs 180 million for 18
 infrastructure development projects.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     November 9, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ21: Government Public Transport Fare Concession Scheme for Elderly, Eligible
Persons with Disabilities

LENGTH: 1441  words


Nov. 9 -- Following is a question by the Hon Frankie Yick and a written reply by
the Secretary for Labour and Welfare, Mr Matthew Cheung Kin-chung, in the
Legislative Council today (November 9):

Question:

To encourage the elderly and persons with disabilities to participate in
community activities, the Government has implemented in phases the Government
Public Transport Fare Concession Scheme for the Elderly and Eligible Persons
with Disabilities (the Scheme) since June 2012.  The public transport services
currently covered under the Scheme include general lines of the Mass Transit
Railway as well as some routes of franchised buses, green minibuses (GMBs) and
ferries.  The Government has indicated that it will review the Scheme three
years after full implementation.  In this connection, will the Government inform
this Council:

(1) whether it knows the respective annual increases in passenger patronage and
revenues generated for the operators of various types of public transport
services by their participation in the Scheme;

(2) as the first phase of the Scheme has been implemented for over four years
since June 2012, whether the authorities will conduct a review of the Scheme; if
they will, of the details;

(3) given that red minibuses (RMBs) have not been included in the Scheme, but
there are similarities (including running fixed routes and having Octopus card
readers installed) between the mode of operation of some RMBs and that of GMBs,
which have already been included in the Scheme, whether the authorities will
consider including the former in the Scheme; if they will, of the details; if
not, the reasons for that;

(4) whether the authorities will study the inclusion of more ferry services
(e.g. kaito ferry service) in the Scheme; if they will, of the details; if not,
the reasons for that; and

(5) whether the authorities will study the extension of the Scheme to other
public transport modes (e.g. trams); if they will, of the details; if not, the
reasons for that?

Reply:

President,

The Government Public Transport Fare Concession Scheme for the Elderly and
Eligible Persons with Disabilities (the Scheme) has been implemented by phases
since 2012 to help build a caring and inclusive society by encouraging the
elderly and persons with disabilities to actively participate in community
activities. The Scheme enables the elderly and eligible persons with
disabilities (Note 1) to enjoy a concessionary fare of $2 (Note 2) per trip to
travel on the general Mass Transit Railway (MTR) lines, franchised buses,
ferries and green minibuses (GMBs).  Currently, around 1.12 million elderly
people aged 65 or above and 150 000 eligible persons with disabilities benefit
from the Scheme.  In 2015-16, the Government reimbursed the relevant public
transport operators a total of $870 million in revenue forgone as a result of
the implementation of the Scheme.  It is estimated that this reimbursement
amount will increase to around $1.1 billion in 2016-17.

My reply to the question is provided below:

(1) Under the Scheme, the Government reimburses the participating public
transport operators regularly the revenue forgone as a result of the
implementation of the Scheme on an accountable and reimbursement basis.  The
operators are required to submit relevant information on the numbers of eligible
passenger trips and the related amount of differential fare for reimbursement
under the Scheme for the Government's review and approval.  As a matter of fact,
change of patronage of the public transport services could be affected by a host
of factors.  These include, for example, the overall economic environment,
demographic change and community development, etc.  The Government does not have
information on the change of overall patronage and revenue of the participating
operators as a result of the implementation of the Scheme.  According to the
information provided by the Transport Department (TD), since the implementation
of the Scheme, the average daily passenger trips for the elderly and eligible
persons with disabilities travelling on the above-mentioned public transports
under the Scheme is around 980 000 trips, and the breakdown is as follows:

Public transport Operators (Number) Elderly Eligible Persons with Disabilities
Total

MTR Corporation Limited (MTRCL) 261 900 41 700 303 600

Franchised bus (5) 415 000 55 500 470 500

Ferry (13) 5 600 700 6 300

GMB (157) 175 500 23 700 199 200

Total 858 000 121 600 979 600

(2) The Scheme has been rolled out on MTR, franchised buses and ferries in three
phases in June 2012, August 2012 and March 2013, respectively.  It was later
extended to eligible children with disabilities aged below 12 in May 2014 and
further extended to GMBs in phases starting from March 2015.  The Government
will conduct a review of the Scheme three years after its full implementation
(i.e. 2018-19).  This is a comprehensive review which will cover areas such as
the effectiveness, the mode of operation and views of the general public, etc.

(3) Under the Scheme, the Government reimburses the participating public
transport operators regularly the revenue forgone as a result of the
implementation of the Scheme on an accountable and reimbursement basis.  As
such, any fare adjustments for the public transport services currently covered
by the Scheme shall be regulated by the Government.  The mode of operation of
red minibuses (RMBs) is different from that of GMBs.  The routing and fare of
RMBs are not regulated by the Government.  Under the current policy, the
Government will encourage the conversion of RMBs to GMBs by planning and
introducing new GMB routes.  The Government currently has no plan to extend the
Scheme to RMBs.  The Government will consider the scope of the modes of public
transport under the Scheme in the comprehensive review scheduled to take place
in 2018-19.

(4) All regular franchised and licensed passenger ferry services have already
been covered by the Scheme.  Most Kaito ferry services are operated in a highly
flexible manner to meet ad hoc or recreational demand.  Their service frequency,
fare and timetable are not regulated by the Government. The operators are free
to adjust their service frequency, fare and timetable according to operational
considerations.  In view of the fact that the Government reimburses revenue
forgone to relevant public transport operators on an accountable and
reimbursement basis (regular franchised and licensed passenger ferry services
have been covered by the Scheme) and having regard to other relevant factors,
the Government currently does not have any plan to extend the Scheme to cover
Kaito ferry services.  As mentioned in the previous paragraph, the Government
will consider the scope of the modes of public transport under the Scheme in the
comprehensive review scheduled to take place in 2018-19.

(5) The Scheme aims to allow elderly people and eligible persons with
disabilities to travel on specified modes of public transport and use their
services at a concessionary fare of $2 per trip.  If the fare for elderly people
and eligible persons with disabilities charged by the relevant public transport
operators is lower than $2, the original fare which is below $2 will be charged.
Currently the tram fare for the elderly is $1.1, which is lower than the
concessionary fare of $2.  If the Scheme were to be extended to tram service,
eligible persons with disabilities would enjoy a reduced fare of $2 from $2.3
per ride with government subsidies, a reduction of $0.3.  The Government has
indicated its willingness to consider extending the Scheme to tram service.
However, according to the understanding of the TD, the Hong Kong Tramways
Limited has requested the Government to provide subsidies to the extent to allow
free ride for elderly people and eligible persons with disabilities.  This is
not consistent with the arrangements of the Scheme.

Note 1: Elderly people refer to those aged 65 or above, whereas eligible persons
with disabilities are persons aged below 65 with severe disability as defined
under the Disability Allowance receiving the allowance and those with 100 per
cent disabilities receiving Comprehensive Social Security Assistance in the same
age group.

Note 2: The Scheme is designed to allow elderly people and eligible persons with
disabilities to travel on specified modes of public transport and use their
services at a concessionary fare of $2 per trip.  If the fare for elderly people
and eligible persons with disabilities charged by the relevant public transport
operators is lower than $2, only the original fare which is below $2 will be
charged.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2016 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Multiple eyes to keep tab over govt flagship schemes

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 299  words


Jaipur: The deputy chairman of the state level committee of twenty points
programme (TPP), Dr Digamber Singh will now monitor the state's ambitious
Bhamashah health insurance scheme and other flagship schemes of the state
government.

In an order issued by the department of planning on Monday, it was informed that
deputy chairman of TPP Dr Digamber Singh will be monitoring schemes of social
security including Bhamashah health insurance scheme, Annapurna scheme and
direct benefit scheme at the district level.

Former chief secretary CS Rajan was also given the responsibility of reviewing
and monitoring the major  flagship schemes of the state last month. Theses
schemes include Bhamashah health insurance, Annapurna scheme and direct benefit
transfer scheme. Rajan was appointed full time deputy chairman of the chief
minster's advisory council recently.

Apart from Rajan and Singh, who now have the responsibility of monitoring these
flagship programmes,  schemes such as Bhamashah direct benefit transfer scheme
and Bhamashah health insurance scheme are being routinely monitored by district
collectors, principal secretaries and senior officials of the department of
social justice and health department.

According to sources, these schemes are also monitored at the level of the chief
secretary .

These schemes are being monitored on a regular basis by conducting video
conferencing from Jaipur with the concerned officials. This means that the state
government is now particular about the effective implementation of its flagship
schemes.

State government has been publicising these schemes at several levels and forums
and wants that the benefits reach the people at the ground level.

Twenty point programme will monitor these schemes apart from its routine plans,
which it is already handling.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Unapproved dwellings: LDA to register cases against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 562  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) will register cases against owners of
illegal private housing schemes, Chief Metropolitan Planner Waheed Butt said on
Monday.

Talking to The Express Tribune, Butt said that 98 housing schemes located inside
Lahore were illegal. "Notices have been sent to the illegal schemes. The owners
should present their record to the LDA or apply for approval," he said.

He said people should not buy plots in the schemes until they were approved by
the LDA. "Any purchases made in such schemes have no legal value. People who
have already bought plots should ask the scheme owners to apply for approval,"
Butt said.

"Prospective buyers can get information about the status of a housing scheme or
land sub-division from the LDA," he said. According to a statement by the LDA,
69 illegal schemes were located in the jurisdiction of Nishtar Town tehsil
municipal administration (TMA), 14 in Wagha Town, 10 in Iqbal Town and five in
Aziz Bhatti Town.

The schemes in Nishtar Town are: Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town,
Badar Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani Park-I, Gillani
Park-II, Green Cap Housing Society (H/S), Iqbal Park, Al Madina Town H/S ,
Gulshan-i-Amin, Haji Amanat Ali Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S,
Koh-i-Noor H/S, Malik Park, Mian Qasim Estate, Sadaat Colony, Waheed Brothers,
Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah, Heaven Homes, Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas
H/S, Jamal Homes, Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park,
Nasir Colony, Park View Villas, Sub-Division adjacent to TandT H/S, Villas
Adjacent to Abpara H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghausia Colony, Azaan
Housing Scheme, 1,384 K Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah
Park Housing Scheme, Al Rehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony, Elite
Town, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir Estate-II
Housing Scheme, Madina View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme,
Akhtarabad H/S, Al Haram Gardens, Aziz Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town Phase II,
Gulberg Park, Indus Estate, Lahore Garden, New Gulshan-i-Lahore, Olympic
Village, Roshan Town, Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden,
Madina Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The illegal schemes in Wagha Town are: Shareef Park, Hakim Town, Jeeva Park,
Tayyab Town, Feroze Park, Al Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam Garden,
Tufail Garden, Rizwan Garden, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase I, Lahore
Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden Phase III.

The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town are: Abdullah Town, Aamna Park, Hafiz
Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town, Rana
Town, Doctor's Society and Sub-Division adjacent to Sultan Town. The names of
five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town are: Hajveri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon
City/Imperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

The statement said that under the LDA Act 1975, only the authority could approve
private housing schemes or land sub-divisions after September 19, 2013.

"Any approval granted by any other authority, town municipal administration,
tehsil municipal administration, any local body or any other government agency
in Lahore division after September 19, 2013 is not valid and lawful," the
statement said.

Published in The Express Tribune, September 23rd, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

Do you own orphaned MF schemes?

LENGTH: 1117  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 19 -- As much as fund houses would sing the consistency anthem
on every forum, the truth is: only some mutual fund (MF) schemes within a given
fund house would be performing well at any given point in time. Very rarely do
all or even a significant number of their schemes outperform their respective
benchmarks.

This is especially true with large fund houses that have several schemes, some
of which overlap in their mandates.

These fund houses would have about one or two funds that stay in the top
quintiles, few average performers and some schemes that stay at the bottom of
the pyramid as far as their performances are concerned.

It would not be incorrect to call the bunch at the bottom as "orphaned" schemes
or schemes that are not in the active attention span of the fund house or fund
managers.

These schemes tend to consistently underperform their peers. In a first of its
kind study, Mint attempts to identify such schemes from within the top 10 fund
houses. Here's why these schemes-that were once flagged off with much
fanfare-got neglected over time.

The NFO boom The capital market regulator, Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Sebi), may have become careful in giving approval to fund houses to
launch new schemes now, but that wasn't the case always.

As per data provided by Value Research, an MF tracking firm, 118 equity-oriented
schemes were launched (openend and closed-end) between 2005 and 2007 that
collected about '72,000 crore, fired up by the S&P BSE Sensex index rising 45%
in this period.

"Sebi was a lot more permissive in terms of new scheme offer documents back
then. It's only in the last four to five years that the new policy has mandated
that any new product that the fund house would want to launch should
differentiate itself from existing ones," says Suresh Soni, chief executive
officer, Deutsche Asset Management (India) Pvt. Ltd.

The earlier easy approval policy had led to fund houses launching schemes with
little differentiation. For instance, in 1998, Franklin Templeton Investments
launched Franklin Infotech Fund (FIF) to capitalize on information technology
companies that were doing well that time. Then again, in 2000 it launched
another scheme, Franklin Internet Opportunities Fund (FIOF), with an aim to
invest in companies that benefited from Internet presence. Over time, the
differentiation between the two blurred.

Some fund houses have since taken corrective action to merge excess schemes to
ensure they don't remain orphaned.

FIOF for instance, was rechristened as Franklin India Opportunities Fund, an
open-ended diversified equity schemes, in 2004.

Multiple strategies, multiple chances Fund houses won't admit this openly, but
few fund managers whom we spoke to admitted privately that fund houses sometimes
like to launch multiple themes with the hope that at least one or few of them
would work. "This ensures that at any given point in time, one or the other
strategy works, the scheme remains in the news, the sales and marketing guys are
busy and know what (scheme) to push," said a chief executive officer of a
bank-sponsored fund house on condition of anonymity.

Large fund houses that have been around for many years are said to have felt the
need to launch schemes periodically to grow their assets under management (AUM).

Of all the schemes that we considered for our study to identify orphaned MF
schemes, for the given time period, fund houses like UTI Asset Management Co.
Ltd and Birla Sun Life Asset Management Co. Ltd have as many as 12-13
diversified equity schemes, each.

This is apart from sectoral, thematic, balanced, hybrid and debt MF schemes.

Aren't fund managers accountable? Most of the top 10 fund houses we spoke to
insisted that every fund manager in their fund house are constantly under watch.
"We regularly check how much percentage of our total AUM has beaten the
benchmark indices and what percentage of our schemes is in the top two
quintiles," says Himanshu Pandya, vicepresident and head (products and
communication), ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co. Ltd. Pandya says that at
times schemes don't perform because certain sectors or themes are out of favour
of the market, a fact-he claims-is why ICICI Prudential Midcap Fund (IPM) has
not done well of late.

In the total number of five-year time periods we considered for our study (15
time periods since the scheme has been in existence for so long), IPM has
underperformed its own benchmark index 87% of the time periods. To be fair, IPM
had tweaked its strategy in 2011 to make it more in sync with its mandate to
invest in mid- and small-sized companies.

At a broader level though, since the way fund houses evaluate their fund
managers' progress is an internal matter and not in the public domain, it's hard
to rely on claims made by the fund houses, especially when they have schemes
that have not just figured in low quintiles but also underperformed their
benchmark consistently (see graph at www.livemint.com /orphanedschemes).

Sebi, on its part, has taken a step in the right direction by nudging fund
houses to merge their overlapping schemes. Since the beginning of January 2011,
a total of 81 schemes have been merged across fund houses, as per data provided
by Value Research.

Are all low quintile schemes bad? Just because a scheme comes in the bottom
quintiles (underperforms its peers) doesn't necessarily mean it is a bad scheme.
It is when your scheme starts to underperform its own benchmark index over a
long period of time when the problem starts. Many fund houses compare (R) FROM
PAGE 26 their performances against benchmark indices.

"We have given a clear mandate to our fund managers to outperform their
benchmark indices. Peers may move up and down every year, but your benchmark
index is a consistent yardstick to measure your fund against," says Chandresh
Nigam, chief executive office, Axis Asset Management Co Ltd. For instance,
schemes like Kotak Classic Equity and ICICI Prudential Top 200 have consistently
underperformed their peers and yet have beaten their benchmark indices on most
occasions.

"Our fund managers must beat their benchmark indices by a certain margin that
we, scientifically, set for them every year; no two ways about that," says
Lakshmi Iyer, head (fixed income and products), Kotak Mahindra Asset Management
Co Ltd.

What should you do? It's bad to be stuck in a scheme that underperforms its
peers but if it consistently underperforms its own benchmark, there's no reason
why you should continue with it.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

Do you own orphaned MF schemes?

LENGTH: 1117  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 19 -- As much as fund houses would sing the consistency anthem
on every forum, the truth is: only some mutual fund (MF) schemes within a given
fund house would be performing well at any given point in time. Very rarely do
all or even a significant number of their schemes outperform their respective
benchmarks.

This is especially true with large fund houses that have several schemes, some
of which overlap in their mandates.

These fund houses would have about one or two funds that stay in the top
quintiles, few average performers and some schemes that stay at the bottom of
the pyramid as far as their performances are concerned.

It would not be incorrect to call the bunch at the bottom as "orphaned" schemes
or schemes that are not in the active attention span of the fund house or fund
managers.

These schemes tend to consistently underperform their peers. In a first of its
kind study, Mint attempts to identify such schemes from within the top 10 fund
houses. Here's why these schemes-that were once flagged off with much
fanfare-got neglected over time.

The NFO boom The capital market regulator, Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Sebi), may have become careful in giving approval to fund houses to
launch new schemes now, but that wasn't the case always.

As per data provided by Value Research, an MF tracking firm, 118 equity-oriented
schemes were launched (openend and closed-end) between 2005 and 2007 that
collected about '72,000 crore, fired up by the S&P BSE Sensex index rising 45%
in this period.

"Sebi was a lot more permissive in terms of new scheme offer documents back
then. It's only in the last four to five years that the new policy has mandated
that any new product that the fund house would want to launch should
differentiate itself from existing ones," says Suresh Soni, chief executive
officer, Deutsche Asset Management (India) Pvt. Ltd.

The earlier easy approval policy had led to fund houses launching schemes with
little differentiation. For instance, in 1998, Franklin Templeton Investments
launched Franklin Infotech Fund (FIF) to capitalize on information technology
companies that were doing well that time. Then again, in 2000 it launched
another scheme, Franklin Internet Opportunities Fund (FIOF), with an aim to
invest in companies that benefited from Internet presence. Over time, the
differentiation between the two blurred.

Some fund houses have since taken corrective action to merge excess schemes to
ensure they don't remain orphaned.

FIOF for instance, was rechristened as Franklin India Opportunities Fund, an
open-ended diversified equity schemes, in 2004.

Multiple strategies, multiple chances Fund houses won't admit this openly, but
few fund managers whom we spoke to admitted privately that fund houses sometimes
like to launch multiple themes with the hope that at least one or few of them
would work. "This ensures that at any given point in time, one or the other
strategy works, the scheme remains in the news, the sales and marketing guys are
busy and know what (scheme) to push," said a chief executive officer of a
bank-sponsored fund house on condition of anonymity.

Large fund houses that have been around for many years are said to have felt the
need to launch schemes periodically to grow their assets under management (AUM).

Of all the schemes that we considered for our study to identify orphaned MF
schemes, for the given time period, fund houses like UTI Asset Management Co.
Ltd and Birla Sun Life Asset Management Co. Ltd have as many as 12-13
diversified equity schemes, each.

This is apart from sectoral, thematic, balanced, hybrid and debt MF schemes.

Aren't fund managers accountable? Most of the top 10 fund houses we spoke to
insisted that every fund manager in their fund house are constantly under watch.
"We regularly check how much percentage of our total AUM has beaten the
benchmark indices and what percentage of our schemes is in the top two
quintiles," says Himanshu Pandya, vicepresident and head (products and
communication), ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co. Ltd. Pandya says that at
times schemes don't perform because certain sectors or themes are out of favour
of the market, a fact-he claims-is why ICICI Prudential Midcap Fund (IPM) has
not done well of late.

In the total number of five-year time periods we considered for our study (15
time periods since the scheme has been in existence for so long), IPM has
underperformed its own benchmark index 87% of the time periods. To be fair, IPM
had tweaked its strategy in 2011 to make it more in sync with its mandate to
invest in mid- and small-sized companies.

At a broader level though, since the way fund houses evaluate their fund
managers' progress is an internal matter and not in the public domain, it's hard
to rely on claims made by the fund houses, especially when they have schemes
that have not just figured in low quintiles but also underperformed their
benchmark consistently (see graph at www.livemint.com /orphanedschemes).

Sebi, on its part, has taken a step in the right direction by nudging fund
houses to merge their overlapping schemes. Since the beginning of January 2011,
a total of 81 schemes have been merged across fund houses, as per data provided
by Value Research.

Are all low quintile schemes bad? Just because a scheme comes in the bottom
quintiles (underperforms its peers) doesn't necessarily mean it is a bad scheme.
It is when your scheme starts to underperform its own benchmark index over a
long period of time when the problem starts. Many fund houses compare (R) FROM
PAGE 26 their performances against benchmark indices.

"We have given a clear mandate to our fund managers to outperform their
benchmark indices. Peers may move up and down every year, but your benchmark
index is a consistent yardstick to measure your fund against," says Chandresh
Nigam, chief executive office, Axis Asset Management Co Ltd. For instance,
schemes like Kotak Classic Equity and ICICI Prudential Top 200 have consistently
underperformed their peers and yet have beaten their benchmark indices on most
occasions.

"Our fund managers must beat their benchmark indices by a certain margin that
we, scientifically, set for them every year; no two ways about that," says
Lakshmi Iyer, head (fixed income and products), Kotak Mahindra Asset Management
Co Ltd.

What should you do? It's bad to be stuck in a scheme that underperforms its
peers but if it consistently underperforms its own benchmark, there's no reason
why you should continue with it.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

Do you own orphaned MF schemes?

LENGTH: 1117  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 19 -- As much as fund houses would sing the consistency anthem
on every forum, the truth is: only some mutual fund (MF) schemes within a given
fund house would be performing well at any given point in time. Very rarely do
all or even a significant number of their schemes outperform their respective
benchmarks.

This is especially true with large fund houses that have several schemes, some
of which overlap in their mandates.

These fund houses would have about one or two funds that stay in the top
quintiles, few average performers and some schemes that stay at the bottom of
the pyramid as far as their performances are concerned.

It would not be incorrect to call the bunch at the bottom as "orphaned" schemes
or schemes that are not in the active attention span of the fund house or fund
managers.

These schemes tend to consistently underperform their peers. In a first of its
kind study, Mint attempts to identify such schemes from within the top 10 fund
houses. Here's why these schemes-that were once flagged off with much
fanfare-got neglected over time.

The NFO boom The capital market regulator, Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Sebi), may have become careful in giving approval to fund houses to
launch new schemes now, but that wasn't the case always.

As per data provided by Value Research, an MF tracking firm, 118 equity-oriented
schemes were launched (openend and closed-end) between 2005 and 2007 that
collected about '72,000 crore, fired up by the S&P BSE Sensex index rising 45%
in this period.

"Sebi was a lot more permissive in terms of new scheme offer documents back
then. It's only in the last four to five years that the new policy has mandated
that any new product that the fund house would want to launch should
differentiate itself from existing ones," says Suresh Soni, chief executive
officer, Deutsche Asset Management (India) Pvt. Ltd.

The earlier easy approval policy had led to fund houses launching schemes with
little differentiation. For instance, in 1998, Franklin Templeton Investments
launched Franklin Infotech Fund (FIF) to capitalize on information technology
companies that were doing well that time. Then again, in 2000 it launched
another scheme, Franklin Internet Opportunities Fund (FIOF), with an aim to
invest in companies that benefited from Internet presence. Over time, the
differentiation between the two blurred.

Some fund houses have since taken corrective action to merge excess schemes to
ensure they don't remain orphaned.

FIOF for instance, was rechristened as Franklin India Opportunities Fund, an
open-ended diversified equity schemes, in 2004.

Multiple strategies, multiple chances Fund houses won't admit this openly, but
few fund managers whom we spoke to admitted privately that fund houses sometimes
like to launch multiple themes with the hope that at least one or few of them
would work. "This ensures that at any given point in time, one or the other
strategy works, the scheme remains in the news, the sales and marketing guys are
busy and know what (scheme) to push," said a chief executive officer of a
bank-sponsored fund house on condition of anonymity.

Large fund houses that have been around for many years are said to have felt the
need to launch schemes periodically to grow their assets under management (AUM).

Of all the schemes that we considered for our study to identify orphaned MF
schemes, for the given time period, fund houses like UTI Asset Management Co.
Ltd and Birla Sun Life Asset Management Co. Ltd have as many as 12-13
diversified equity schemes, each.

This is apart from sectoral, thematic, balanced, hybrid and debt MF schemes.

Aren't fund managers accountable? Most of the top 10 fund houses we spoke to
insisted that every fund manager in their fund house are constantly under watch.
"We regularly check how much percentage of our total AUM has beaten the
benchmark indices and what percentage of our schemes is in the top two
quintiles," says Himanshu Pandya, vicepresident and head (products and
communication), ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co. Ltd. Pandya says that at
times schemes don't perform because certain sectors or themes are out of favour
of the market, a fact-he claims-is why ICICI Prudential Midcap Fund (IPM) has
not done well of late.

In the total number of five-year time periods we considered for our study (15
time periods since the scheme has been in existence for so long), IPM has
underperformed its own benchmark index 87% of the time periods. To be fair, IPM
had tweaked its strategy in 2011 to make it more in sync with its mandate to
invest in mid- and small-sized companies.

At a broader level though, since the way fund houses evaluate their fund
managers' progress is an internal matter and not in the public domain, it's hard
to rely on claims made by the fund houses, especially when they have schemes
that have not just figured in low quintiles but also underperformed their
benchmark consistently (see graph at www.livemint.com /orphanedschemes).

Sebi, on its part, has taken a step in the right direction by nudging fund
houses to merge their overlapping schemes. Since the beginning of January 2011,
a total of 81 schemes have been merged across fund houses, as per data provided
by Value Research.

Are all low quintile schemes bad? Just because a scheme comes in the bottom
quintiles (underperforms its peers) doesn't necessarily mean it is a bad scheme.
It is when your scheme starts to underperform its own benchmark index over a
long period of time when the problem starts. Many fund houses compare (R) FROM
PAGE 26 their performances against benchmark indices.

"We have given a clear mandate to our fund managers to outperform their
benchmark indices. Peers may move up and down every year, but your benchmark
index is a consistent yardstick to measure your fund against," says Chandresh
Nigam, chief executive office, Axis Asset Management Co Ltd. For instance,
schemes like Kotak Classic Equity and ICICI Prudential Top 200 have consistently
underperformed their peers and yet have beaten their benchmark indices on most
occasions.

"Our fund managers must beat their benchmark indices by a certain margin that
we, scientifically, set for them every year; no two ways about that," says
Lakshmi Iyer, head (fixed income and products), Kotak Mahindra Asset Management
Co Ltd.

What should you do? It's bad to be stuck in a scheme that underperforms its
peers but if it consistently underperforms its own benchmark, there's no reason
why you should continue with it.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

Financial mismanagement: Old schemes eat up interior ministry's budget

BYLINE:  Shahbaz Rana

LENGTH: 592  words


Bureaucrats seem to be protecting the development projects of the previous
government that were approved for political gains, as about four dozen schemes
have been adjusted in the interior ministry's proposed development budget for
the next fiscal year, consuming 15% of its pie.

Most of these schemes are of similar nature - split into smaller projects to
avoid scrutiny at the higher levels, according to official documents. The
Planning Commission has added over 41 projects in next year's proposed Public
Sector Development Programme (PSDP) in a head that is meant for the development
schemes of the law enforcement agencies. Out of these, 21 projects are
categorised "new" and have been added for the first time in the PSDP.

Many of these schemes were approved in February 2013, just less than a month
before the completion of the constitutional five-year term of the PPP government
in mid-March.

For the next fiscal year, the proposed development budget of the ministry of
interior is Rs6.3 billion including Rs1.8 billion for new schemes. The 41
schemes make 30% of the total 135 schemes that have been added against the
ministry's budget. The accumulative cost of these 41 schemes is Rs894 million,
which is about 15% of the total budget of the interior ministry.

For 21 new schemes Rs506 million has been allocated, which is 28.4% of the
proposed budget for the new schemes. For the 19 ongoing schemes Rs388.2 million
have been proposed, which is 8.6% of the budget allocated for the total ongoing
schemes of the Ministry of Interior.

The documents showed that all of these schemes are located in Islamabad and its
surrounding areas. About two-dozen projects are of road construction, about a
dozen of water supply schemes, couple of health schemes and about half dozen of
agriculture and veterinary, the documents showed.

All of these schemes got approved from the Departmental Development Working
Party (DDWP), the body that is having mandate to approve up to Rs60 million
projects and only those pertaining to the ministry's own work. The DDWP is
chaired by the secretary of the ministry.

None of the project has cost over Rs60 million, as the project was broken into
more than one to avoid approval from the Central Development Working Party
(CDWP), the body having mandate to approve up to Rs1 billion projects and is
chaired by the Planning Commission's deputy chairman.

An official of the Planning Commission admitted that these schemes did not match
the terms of references set for approval of the development schemes by the
ministry's DDWP.

How the DDWP forum was used to avoid the approval from the CDWP can been gauged
from the fact that three water supply schemes were approved in January and
February 2012. The total cost of these three schemes is Rs98.5 million and
Rs83.3 million have been allocated for these schemes for the next fiscal year.

A project of augmentation of irrigation water in Islamabad Capital territory was
approved on February 19, 2013 with a cost of Rs53.2 million. After four days,
another DDWP meeting was called and many projects of roads and agriculture were
approved by splitting into smaller projects.

Probably, the biggest challenge facing the newly appointed Planning and
Development Minister Ahsan Iqbal would be to carry out a cleansing exercise of
the PSDP as the bureaucrats have added dozens of projects of the previous
government that had been approved on political grounds.

He got the first briefing on the PSDP on Saturday, just two days before its
presentation to the National Economic Council for approval.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             March 26, 2012 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Should you start an STP in a fund scheme?

BYLINE: SANKET DHANORKAR

SECTION: ET WEALTH

LENGTH: 1380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Systematic transfer plans can offer superior returns with minimal
risk but it's not a foolproof method.Here's how to find out if it is a good
option for you.


The stock market has a mind of its own.Even though indications suggest a
sustained bull run,the market could suddenly take a U-turn.This uncertainty
makes investing huge sums of money at one go a risky proposition.This is where
investing in mutual funds through systematic investment plans (SIPs)
helps.Taking the SIP route does away with the risk to a large extent,especially
in the long term.However,mutual fund investors have another option,which
promises superior returns from equities with minimal risk-systematic transfer
plans (STPs).Let's look at how the STP structure works and whether it can add
value to your investments.What is an STP? The STP route is an extension of the
SIP way of investing.While SIPs allow you to invest small amounts of money in a
mutual fund at regular intervals,STPs enable you to transfer money already
invested in a mutual fund into another fund of your choice.Investors typically
park a lump sum in a debt fund,say,an income fund,from which a fixed sum is
transferred at periodic intervals into an equity-oriented fund.So,units
equivalent to the transferred amount will be sold from the primary scheme and
the same will be utilised to buy units in the new scheme.This switch to the new
scheme is carried out at the prevailing net asset value (NAV).Some STPs also
allow you to gradually shift investments from an equity fund to a debt fund.The
best bit is that you can use the STP to transfer funds into several schemes at
the same time.There are two types of STP plans that are offered by fund
houses-fixed and flexible.Under a fixed STP,a pre-defined amount is transferred
from the primary fund to the other fund or funds each time.On the other hand,in
case of a flexible STP,there is no predetermined value;the capital appreciation
in the primary scheme is transferred to the other scheme(s).STPs typically
require the investor to make a specified minimum investment in the primary
scheme (which is otherwise applicable under the normal investment plan).Some
asset management companies (AMCs) also specify a minimum transfer amount that
can be switched each time from the primary fund to the others,apart from a
certain minimum number of instalments every year.A few fund houses even specify
the monthly dates on which investors can activate the STP.For instance,for a
monthly STP from a debt scheme to an equity scheme,some AMCs require the
investor to have an investment of at least 12,000 in the primary scheme,which
can be transferred through a minimum of six instalments in a year,with the
minimum transfer amount of 1,000.Doing the math To understand the transfer
mechanism,let us consider an example.Suppose you invest 60,000 in a particular
debt scheme (Scheme A) and want to start switching 5,000 from it to an equity
fund (Scheme B) every month for a year.You activate an STP at the start of the
year,and every month,5,000 starts flowing from Scheme A into Scheme B.The fund
value of Scheme A starts falling to the extent of this outflow,adjusted for
gains or losses it makes every month.Meanwhile,the investment value of Scheme B
rises by 5,000 every month,in addition to the gains or losses it makes.As you
can see in the graphic 'How an STP works',60,000 is invested in Scheme A at the
beginning of the year,which helps buy 600 units.In the next month,some units are
sold and the proceeds from these ( 5,000,the predetermined amount) is shifted to
Scheme B.The balance amount left in Scheme A is higher at 55,420 rather than
55,000 because of the profits made on the investment due to the rise in the
NAV.The benefit of the STP is that even if the NAV declines in one fund,it's
possible that it will rise in the other scheme,thus ensuring that you do not
suffer a loss.The STP advantage By spreading your investments through
instalments and across market conditions,the STP allows you to average out the
purchase cost of your investments and gives you a better chance to earn high
returns over a period of time.This especially works in your favour when the
markets are either volatile or in a downtrend.STPs also ensure the optimum use
of idle money.Instead of idle cash lying in your bank account,any lump sum
invested in a debt scheme will fetch higher returns.This means that your money
is already growing at a decent rate before you take the STP route and switch a
certain amount to a better-yielding equity fund.Says Hemant
Rustagi,CEO,Wiseinvest Advisors: "STPs are ideal for those who have a lump sum
to invest but don't want to commit all the money at one go.It will also fetch
more tax-efficient returns since the amount invested in debt earns higher
post-tax returns than the low yield offered by savings accounts." Finally,STPs
are a handy tool to ensure the realisation of one's financial goals since it
gives you time to react to the market's mood swings.So,if you have been saving
for your daughter's marriage by betting on equity funds,what happens if you see
signs of the market tanking barely six months before the wedding?

Playing the wait-and-watch game might result in a 50% drop in the value of your
equity fund.To avoid such a situation,it will make sense to gradually move the
money from equities to debt through an STP.Hence,STPs can also work as
systematic withdrawal plans (SWP),where the money from an equity fund can be
gradually withdrawn,but will flow into a debt fund and continue to grow instead
of sitting in your bank account.As Srikanth Meenakshi,director,FundsIndia.com
Make the most of STP The investors who have a lump sum but want a staggered
exposure to equities can put the money in a debt scheme and start an STP into an
equity scheme.If you have a large sum of money lying idle in a savings
account,you could invest a chunk in a liquid fund or short-term debt fund and
keep shifting some amount regularly to an equity scheme of your choice.Srikanth
Meenakshi,director,FundsIndia.com,suggests,"Instead of taking a call on whether
the market is attractive for investing a lump sum,you should put it in a liquid
fund with STPs in one or more equity funds." An STP from an equity scheme to a
debt scheme is a good idea when you want to reduce exposure to risk.This ensures
that the wealth accumulated through the equity funds remains safe but continues
to earn a healthy return through a debt fund.To avoid switching costs,you should
activate the STP only when your primary scheme has completed a year after the
initial investment.Avoid an STP where both the primary and transferee schemes
are exposed to high risk.So,an STP between two equity schemes or even from a
monthly income plan to an equity scheme would involve undue risk.Says Rustagi:
"For the STP to work in your favour,the primary scheme has to be stable.Having
volatility on both sides could undermine the benefit of the STP." sums up,"STPs
can be used to book profits in the equity fund in a phased manner and investing
the same in a liquid fund.This could possibly fetch you a better selling price
over time." Shortcomings of an STP Since the STP involves the sale of units from
the primary scheme,every time you transfer your money into another scheme,you
may have to bear an extra cost.If such units are sold within a year of
investment,you may have to pay a capital gains tax-15 % in the case of equity
schemes,and as per the applicable tax slab for debt schemes.An exit load
(usually 1%) is also applicable if you switch units from the primary scheme into
another within a year of investment.In case of a switch from an equity fund,a
securities transaction tax (STT) at 0.125% (0.1% from next year) will be
deducted at the time of making the switch.The fact that not all fund houses
offer STPs from equity schemes to debt schemes means that one can put one's
investment value at risk.As pointed out earlier,if one doesn't shift out of
equities gradually when an important financial requirement is nearing,goals can
be jeopardised.Says Rustagi: "A year before your goal is to be reached,you
should start an STP into a debt fund,removing money from the equity fund in a
staggered manner." The biggest drawback of an STP is that your choice is limited
to the schemes of the same fund house.This prevents you from effecting transfers
into multiple schemes of your choice from different fund houses,picking the best
of the lot.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

Agri schemes set to be rationalised in 12th Plan

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- The Ministry of Agriculture, which is entrusted with the
task to implement 50 odd Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS), will have lesser
schemes in the 12th Five Year Plan period (2012-17). The 50 odd schemes with a
total outlay of Rs 15,034 crore in 2011-12 would be reduced to 6-7 schemes in
the 12th plan.

"The schemes would be re-structured in a way that no developmental scheme is
dropped. The idea is to club small symmetrical schemes under few big schemes so
that the States have more flexibility in terms of using funds. Since agriculture
is highly "specific" which varies from district to district, it is unfair to
dictate schemes to the States. In the 12th plan, one umbrella scheme Rashtriya
Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) will absorb many small schemes relating to soil, seed
and irrigation. Of course schemes like National Food Security Mission and
National Horticulture Mission will also be retained along with RKVY," a Planning
Commission official said.

The move is a part of Government's plan to remove redundancy and overlapping of
CSS schemes in the 12th Plan to make the schemes more 'flexible' and 'easily
executable'. Lesser schemes will also translate into lesser administrative
expenses to leave more money with the States.

In the regional meetings on approach paper discussion, a number of States had
conveyed their displeasure on "inept-management" of these schemes and asked the
Centre to restrict its role to providing funds and allowing them more
flexibility in implementing these schemes. Chief Ministers of Bihar, Gujarat,
Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand spearheaded the campaign. However,
some other States like Kerala and Andhra Pradesh also joined the chorus.

The panel has set up a committee chaired by Planning Commission member BK
Chaturvedi to carry out the task. At present, the number of CSS is as high as
150. Chaturvedi has earmarked around 100 CSS which will either be axed or
subsumed with other schemes. This means in the 12th Plan CSS will be reduced to
around 50 schemes only. Maximum churn rate will happen in Agriculture, Labour
and HRD Ministries.

Although the panel says that it is aimed to make schemes more flexible and
executable, some skeptics see "fiscal prudence tactic" in the move and say that
it comes at a time when the Government is battling a slowing economy and thereby
dwindling revenues and a widening fiscal deficit. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 867 words


The green paper on National Health Insurance (NHI) released this week indicates
that we will be claiming our medical bills from our schemes for the foreseeable
future. But the paper also notes that the private healthcare sector will not be
sustainable over the medium to long term.

Medical scheme members are already feeling the effects of increasing
contribution rates, which, the green paper notes, have doubled in real terms
over a seven-year period.

The paper says medical schemes have resorted to increasing their contributions
by rates higher than inflation and decreasing their benefits. It says the
increased deductions for medical scheme contributions from members' salaries
have contributed to wage inflation.

In a media statement released with the green paper this week, Health Minister Dr
Aaron Motsoaledi says the government is "serious about getting a grip on the
costs of care even before NHI kicks in". However, the green paper makes no
further reference to how this will be achieved.

At the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference last month, Dr Anban Pillay,
the cluster manager for financial planning and health economics at the
Department of Health, said the department is looking at a "legislated process"
to control the prices of healthcare services.

The department had proposed a voluntary negotiating forum in which the costs of
healthcare services would be revealed and healthcare tariffs would be set, but
most healthcare provider groups had been opposed to the proposals and had
threatened legal action, Pillay said.

Motsoaledi told the BHF conference that he was engaged in discussions with the
competition authorities on the legalities of setting healthcare tariffs.

Unsustainable costs

Humphrey Zokufa, the managing director of the BHF, told Personal Finance
yesterday that he believed the minister would go ahead with a mechanism to set
prices.

Although medical schemes are consolidating at a rapid rate - the green paper
notes that the number of schemes has fallen from ' in 2001 to 102 in 2009 - even
the bigger ones will not be able to sustain themselves at the current rate at
which costs are increasing, Zokufa says.

The minister has a constitutional duty to provide healthcare services and
therefore he has to intervene to prevent the demise of medical schemes before
NHI can offer a viable alternative way of providing you with health care, he
says.

In addition to the need to control prices, many people in the medical schemes
industry believe the issue of the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) that
schemes by law must provide needs to be addressed.

Many believe forcing schemes to provide the PMBs as they are currently defined
and at whatever cost healthcare providers charge is making schemes unaffordable.

Zokufa says the BHF is agitating for the revision of the PMBs. It believes the
PMBs should not be a list of diseases but rather a guarantee to members that
they are entitled to comprehensive care whenever they need it.

The BHF believes the NHI package of services and the PMBs will be very much
aligned and this will help members to make a seamless transition from medical
schemes to NHI, he says.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, says there has been a
consolidation of schemes and he is worried that, if the mergers continue, there
could in future be an oligopoly in the medical schemes market.

Gantsho is also of the view that the issue of pricing needs to be addressed, and
he emphasised the importance of the PMBs to protect medical scheme members.

The BHF has applied to the High Court for a declaratory order on whether medical
schemes must pay PMB claims at whatever rate a healthcare provider charges or
whether they should be obliged to pay only at the scheme's option rate.

Gantsho says that after the court case the council will be able to deal with the
PMB issue.

Uncertain future

Neels Barendrecht, the chairman of scheme administrator Agility, says the green
paper leaves a lot of uncertainty about how NHI will affect your medical scheme.
Until the NHI benefit package is defined and costed, it is difficult to
determine what impact it will have on medical schemes, he says.

If, for example, the NHI package costs R300 a month, there will be lots of room
for schemes to provide top-up cover, but if it costs R1 000, there will be much
less opportunity for top-up cover, Barendrecht says.

Another factor that will influence the future role of schemes will be the range
of providers that are accredited to provide NHI services, he says. If, for
example, only public hospitals are accredited, schemes will be able to provide
private hospital top-up cover.

NHI could also result in low-income earners leaving medical schemes and this
could have a negative impact on schemes' risks pools, Barendrecht says.
Lower-income earners are typically low claimers.

Another factor that will influence the impact of NHI on your scheme is the
extent to which employers agree to subsidise NHI contributions, he says.

A positive influence that NHI could have on medical schemes is that if the
service levels in public hospitals are improved, more scheme members will use
these facilities and this could have a big impact on scheme costs, Barendrecht
says.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: Call to end discrepancies in Yellow Cab Scheme

LENGTH: 765  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 24 -- THE Punjab government has been considering launch of Yellow
Cab Scheme with rent formula instead of lease while change of the colour of cabs
from yellow to green to get rid of previous failure is also under consideration.

The new yellow cab scheme can be a failure like the Sasti Roti and Tandoor
schemes and there is need to eradicate all the discrepancies which had flopped
this scheme previously. It is also likely that the scheme will be used for
electioneering campaign both for the PML-N and other political parties and there
is a possibility that loans will be written off under the scheme after the next
election on political grounds.

These views were expressed by the participants of the Jang Economic Session on
"Renewal of Yellow Cab Scheme - Can objectives be achieved?" here on Wednesday.
They were Dr Salman Shah, Member for Special Committee for Yellow Cab Scheme,
Sheikh Alauddin, Head Consumer Banking, Bank of Punjab, Liquat Ali, Regional
Head Suzuki Punjab, Syed Wajhat Ali, PPP, MPA Sajida Mir, and former President
HBL Staff Union Talib Nawaz. The session was jointly hosted by Sikandar Hameed
Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Dr Salman said that annually 1.8 million new employment opportunities were
required only in Punjab while the Yellow Cab Scheme would not meet the
requirement. He said the Punjab government rather than relaunching the Yellow
Cab Scheme should focus on micro financing as every micro unit employed four to
five persons and could start with Rs 100,000 only. He said funds allocated for
Yellow Cab Scheme and such others schemes should be spent on facilitating the
investments. He said after wasting Rs15 billion on Sasti Roti Scheme, the Punjab
government was going to exmperiment again to waste taxpayers' money. He said the
Yellow Cab Scheme vehicles would be used in election campaign which would be
returned after election and it would become another scam. He suggested that
Istanbul or Singapore models to end public transport problems.

Sheikh Aluaddin said that the PML-N workers would not be obliged in yellow cab
scheme and only the needy would benefit from it. He said the chief minister had
set the target of providing the jobless people good vehicles at a low price. He
said Mehran, Bolan, and pick-up trucks were under consideration in the scheme
while Suzuki would give three sample vehicles to the Punjab government. He said
transparent procedure would be adopted to monitor the scheme. He said it was
suggested the ownership of cars would be in the name of the Punjab government
and the Bank of Punjab while the cars would be given to the applicant on rent
and after completion of rent period it would be shifted to the applicants. He
claimed that Yellow Cab Scheme would be self-sufficient like the Ashiana Scheme.

Liquat Ali said the BoP was holding talks with the Punjab government to evolve
modalities of the Yellow Cab Scheme. He said a suggestion was underway to give
role of agent to BoP while the bank would look after its interests in the scheme
. He said the BoP network existed across the province so it could provide better
services regarding verification and distribution of vehicles in the scheme.

Syed Wajahat Ali said the Punjab government had approached the Suzuki motors for
cabs and negotiations were underway. He said the company would initially made
samples for the Punjab government and after approval of the sample, the required
number of vehicles would be supplied.

Sajida Mir said the scheme was spent bullet. She said the Punjab government had
developed agro-based industry to ensure employment opportunities for southern
Punjab youth. She said poor people would not be able to pay the installment of
Rs 650,000 worth vehicle.

The CNG and petrol were not available then how the cars would operate, she
questioned. She was of the view that the southern Punjab people would not
benefit from the scheme as the poor people of that area could not afford
traveling in taxies.

Talib Nawaz said in the past when yellow cab scheme was launched, banks were
nationalised while the cases of frauds under that scheme was still pending in
courts.

He said a commoner could not afford rickshaw charges, how he would pay fare of
taxies while the government had failed to monitor the rickshaws as they were
plying without fare meter. He called for cheaper public transport to ensure
transport facility to the common man Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Federal Agencies' Responses on Enforcement Actions

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 1269 words


In response to inquiries from The New York Times about how federal investigators
and prosecutors had responded to the financial crisis, the Justice Department
and the Securities and Exchange Commission provided the following summaries.

Justice Department

A Justice Department representative said: ''The Department of Justice is
aggressively pursuing financial fraud cases throughout the country, including
hundreds of defendants charged with investment frauds and ponzi schemes,
securities and commodities fraud, insider trading, mortgage fraud, bank fraud
and other schemes. These crimes can destroy the savings of hard-working
Americans, devastate families and communities, destabilize and harm the
integrity of our markets and threaten our nation's economic strength. We will
continue to root out financial fraud wherever it exists and when we find
credible evidence of criminal conduct whether by Wall Street executives or
others we will not hesitate to charge it.''

The department provided what it called ''just a sampling of some recent
financial fraud cases.''

TBW/Colonial:

Former TBW CEO Pleads Guilty to $1.5 Billion Fraud Scheme

Former TBW Financial Analyst Pleads Guilty to $1.5 Billion Fraud Scheme

Former President of TBW Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Colonial Bank Mortgage Lending Supervisor Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Senior Vice President of Colonial Bank Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Treasurer of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Pleads Guilty to $1.9 Billion Fraud
Scheme That Contributed to the Failure of Colonial Bank

Former Chairman of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Indicted for His Role in a More Than
$1.9 Billion Fraud Scheme That Contributed to the Failure of Colonial Bank

Insider Trading:

Previously Unnamed Co-conspirator Pleads Guilty in New Jersey to Role in $32
Million Insider Trading Scheme

Attorney and Trader Arrested, Charged in New Jersey with Trading on Inside
Information Stolen from Three Law Firms

Former UBS Investment Banker Sentenced in Manhattan Federal Court to 22 Months
in Prison for Insider Trading Scheme

Former Investment Adviser Pleads Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court to Insider
Trading and Forfeits More Than $1.4 Million

Three Hedge Fund Portfolio Managers and One Analyst Charged with Insider Trading

Three Insiders at Public Companies and One Executive of Expert-networking Firm
Charged with Conspiring to Distribute Inside Information to the Firm's Clients

Former Bond Trader Admits to $9 Million Manipulative Trading Scheme Involving
Collateralized Mortgage Obligation Bonds in New Jersey

Executive of Expert-Networking Firm Charged with Conspiring to Distribute Inside
Information

Investment Frauds:

Former Capitol Investments CFO and Accountant Plead Guilty to Roles in $880
Million Ponzi Scheme in New Jersey

Investment Advisor Pleads Guilty to $2.4 Million Fraud Targeting Union Pension
Fund and Other Investors in New Jersey and New York

Founder of A&O Entities Convicted in $100 Million Fraud Scheme

Connecticut Hedge Fund Adviser Admits Running Massive Ponzi Scheme

Richmond, Virginia Businessman Pleads Guilty for Role in Investment Fraud Scheme
Causing Millions in Losses

Douglas F. Vaughan Indicted in ''Ponzi'' Scheme in New Mexico

Provident Capital Indemnity, Its President and Auditor Charged in $670 Million
Fraud Scheme

Two Former High-Technology Company Executives in Accounting and Securities Fraud
Scheme

Three Former Executives Charged in $200 Million Fraud Scheme Involving Fair
Financial Company Investors

Lawyer for A&O Entities Pleads Guilty for His Role in $100 Million Fraud Scheme
Involving Life Settlements

Former Financial Advisor Charged with Defrauding Investors of At Least $2
Million

Two Former Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC Employees Charged with
Conspiracy, Securities Fraud and Tax Crimes

Man pleads guilty to orchestrating $190 million Ponzi scheme

Fort Lauderdale Attorney Pleads Guilty In Billion Dollar Ponzi Scheme

San Francisco Man Charged with $25 Million Dollar Ponzi Scheme

CEO of Capitol Investments USA Inc. Pleads Guilty to $880 Million Ponzi Scheme
Based on Phony Grocery Business

Connecticut Man Admits Operating $100 Million Ponzi Scheme

Three Principals of A&O Entities Arrested and Charged for Their Alleged Roles in
$100 Million Fraud Scheme

Leader of $200 Million Real Estate Investment Scam Arrested for Fraud

Bank Frauds:

Former Bank President and Senior Loan Officer Indicted in Multi-million Dollar
Fraud Conspiracy

Nine People Indicted for Fraud That Resulted in One of the Largest Credit Union
Collapses in History

Senior Managers of GDC Acquisitions Holding Company Charged in Brooklyn, N.Y.,
with Bank Fraud Conspiracy

Former Officers of Failed Atlanta Bank Plead Guilty to Fraud

Mortgage Frauds:

President of Queens Mortgage Broker Sentenced to 30 Months in Prison for
Participation in Massive Mortgage Fraud Scheme

Ten People Indicted in Wide-Ranging Real Estate Scam

Two New Jersey Men Charged with $7 Million Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme
Involving More Than 50 Residential Properties

Defendant Convicted in $24 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme

Real Estate Attorney and Loan Officer Found Guilty in Multi-Million Mortgage
Fraud Scheme at Guyamerican Funding

Seven Defendants Indicted in Alleged $35 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme Involving
More than 120 Residences in the Chicago Area

12 Indicted in Arizona in Mortgage Fraud Schemes

''Operation Stolen Dreams'' Nets Local Mortgage Fraud Convictions and Charges

Securities and Exchange Commission

''In addition to BofA, further below are some of the actions we've brought
related to the credit crisis,'' a Securities and Exchange Commission
representative said.

Number of investigations in which the Commission has filed an action related to
the credit crisis: 17 (the number excludes multiple filings in related matters
so as to avoid double-counting)

Includes actions filed against Bank of America, the Reserve Fund, Evergreen
Investment Management Co., State Street Bank and Trust Company, Morgan Keegan,
Goldman Sachs, ICP Asset Management, Citigroup, Charles Schwab & Co., TD
Ameritrade, and Wachovia

Number of CEO's, CFO's, and other senior corporate officers sued: 26

Includes actions against former senior officers of American Home Mortgage;
former senior executives of Countrywide Financial (including former CEO Angelo
Mozilo); former senior officers of New Century Financial; senior executives of
Morgan Keegan; ICP Asset Management President Thomas C. Priore; Chairman and
Majority Owner of Taylor, Bean and Whitaker Lee Farkas, current and former
executives of Citigroup, and former senior officers at IndyMac Bancorp.

Number of officer and director bars, industry bars, and Commission suspensions
imposed on Individuals: 14

Amount of Disgorgement and Prejudgment Interest Ordered: $148,263,109

Amount of Penalties Ordered: 900,292,500

Other Monetary Relief Obtained for Harmed Investors: $298 million (In
settlements with Evergreen Investment Management Co., State Street Bank and
Trust Company, and TD Ameritrade, a total of $298 million was distributed by
these entities to harmed investors or shareholders)

Total disgorgement, penalties, and other monetary relief: $1.34 billion

Cases Stemming From Financial Crisis:

IndyMac Bancorp executives (2/11/2011)

TD Ameritrade (2/3/2011)

Charles Schwab entities and executives (1/11/2011)

Citigroup (7/29/2010)

ICP Asset Management (6/21/2010)

Farkas/Taylor, Bean & Whitaker (6/16/2010)

Goldman Sachs (4/16/2010)

Morgan Keegan (4/7/2010)

State Street (2/4/2010)

Brookstreet (12/8/2009)

New Century (12/7/2009)

Evergreen (6/8/2009)

Countrywide, Mozilo and other executives (6/4/2009)

Reserve Fund (5/5/2009)

American Home Mortgage (4/28/2009)

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              394 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               December 17, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Medical aids warned not to deny patients full benefits

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 646  words


Medical aids warned not to deny patients full benefits But Council for Medical
Schemes instruction could push premiums far higher Science and Health Editor
CAPE TOWN - The Council for Medical Schemes is threatening to revoke the
accreditation of medical schemes and administrators, saying they routinely break
the law by denying patients full cover for prescribed minimum benefits.
Prescribed minimum benefits are the minimum basket of care all schemes must
provide, and include medical services for once-off events such as childbirth as
well as chronic diseases such as asthma and diabetes. The development has
important implications for consumers and medical schemes alike, as compliance
with the Medical Schemes Act's regulations on prescribed minimum benefits could
result in a huge increase in costs to medical schemes, with a knock-on effect on
the price of premiums. The act says medical schemes must provide cover for
minimum benefits in full, but a recent evaluation by the council of SA's three
biggest administrators - Discovery, Medscheme and Metropolitan - has shown this
is not happening. Coupled with a rising number of complaints from consumers, the
council had concluded that this was an industry-wide problem and was not
restricted to specific schemes, said its head of accreditation, Danie Kolver. At
the moment, most schemes set limits on the rates they will pay for minimum
benefits, leaving consumers to pay the difference if service providers charge
more than scheme tariffs. For example, if a patient with asthma visits a
specialist who charges R800 for a consultation, but the scheme has set a tariff
limit of R320, the patient has to foot the balance. The council says this is
wrong, and schemes should pay the full amount. It has given schemes and their
administrators 60 days to tell the council how they plan to revise their
practices to comply with the law, failing which the council will consider
suspending or withdrawing accreditation. It has also uncovered a host of other
problems with the way minimum benefits are handled by medical schemes,
including: Paying for prescribed minimum benefits at cost only when a member
lodges a complaint with the medical scheme; Often paying for minimum benefits in
full only when instructed to do so by the council, and then only in the case
concerned; Introducing measures to discourage members from accessing minimum
benefits, such as requiring patients and doctors to complete approval forms
before the scheme will pay; Holding members liable for short-payments or
co-payments on prescribed minimum benefits if they fail to use a service
provider stipulated by the scheme, even if this was done involuntarily. Kolver
advised consumers who believed they might have been shortchanged by their
medical schemes to complain to their scheme's dispute resolution bodies and, if
they did not get relief, to take the matter to the council. "Our advice to
consumers is get familiar with the rules of your scheme, and make use of their
internal dispute processes - no scheme can be registered unless its rules
provide for dispute (resolution)," he said. "I have no idea of how much money
(is at stake), but it would be substantial - tens of millions (of rands)," he
said. Medscheme CEO Andre Meyer conceded schemes were not paying prescribed
minimum benefits in full, saying they could not afford to. Given that there were
no legal limits on how much service providers could charge, schemes had to
contain their liabilities. If schemes paid for prescribed minimum benefits in
full, they would have to raise premiums up to 10% to cover the costs, he said.
Medscheme would discuss the matter with the council in the new year, and hoped
to find an amicable resolution. Board of Healthcare Funders spokeswoman Heidi
Kruger echoed Meyer's sentiments, saying schemes could not afford open-ended
liabilities. kahnt@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          February 22, 1992, Saturday

Company schemes face long wait for safeguards

BYLINE: By Sara McConnell and Lindsay Cook

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1091 words


THE 200,000 occupational pension schemes operating in Britain have virtually no
safeguards for their members and the situation is unlikely to improve in the
short-term.

A flurry of recommendations aimed at tightening up the operation of these
schemes is being made by interested parties, following the discovery that an
estimated Pounds 458 million was plundered from the Miror Group Pension Funds
last year.

Brian MacMahon, chairman of the National Association of Pension Funds, said this
week that the Maxwell affair was not typical. The vast majority of pension funds
were well run.

At the moment, company pension schemes have to be authorised by the
Superannuaion Funds Office of the Inland Revenue, which makes sure that they do
not pay out too much to members. But it is not concerned with the whereabouts of
the assets of the fund. The Occupational Pensions Board concerns itself with the
part of the fund needed to replace the state earnings related pension scheme
when funds are contracted out of the state scheme, but no more.

Schemes only have to produce actuarial valuations every three years, and then
members and staff associations or unions do not receive them automatically. They
must ask for the information. While trustees are required by law to act at all
times in the interests of all the beneficiaries and in accordance with the trust
deed, they are usually linked to the company and may all be directors or
employees.

Proposals which would put in independent, professional trustees and make sure
that assets were held by independent custodians, would need a Pensions Act and
that could take years to bring about.

This week Coopers & Lybrand Deloitte, auditor to the late Robert Maxwell's
Brtish companies, put forward their ideas. Next week, it is the turn of the
Institute of Actuaries, and last month the National Association of Pension Funds
made its submission on how to safeguard the interests of 11 million occupational
pension scheme members and the 10 million people already receiving occupational
pensions.

Coopers Deloitte wants a new regulator to be responsible for monitoring pension
schemes and to administer a compulsory compensation scheme. This could cost
funds 0.1 per cent or less of their assets a year, Brandon Gough, chairman of
Coopers Deloitte, said. That would possibly work out at Pounds 30 a head for
each pension scheme member a year.

The firm wants every occupational scheme to have at least one independent
trustee who would have the power of veto on investments.

The quality of trustees should also be questioned, with the regulator having the
authority to disqualify anyone who was not ''fit and proper''. The independent
trustee would also be responsible for choosing the fund's actuary and auditor.

The accountant would ban self-investment totally, unless specifically approved
by the majority of trustees. In-houe investment managers should be regulated in
the same way as other investment managers. This would prevent finance directors
having a punt on shares in the fund, said Paul Meins, partner in Coopers
Deloitte.

The National Association of Pension Funds says that members of company pension
schemes could face paying higher contributions if legislation is brought in to
tighten up pension scheme safeguards and establish a compensation scheme for
members.

The feasibility of setting up a central compensation scheme is being actively
discussed by the research and planning committee of the National Association of
Pension Funds (NAPF). Options include extending the Investors' Compensation
Scheme, run by the Securities and Investments Board, either to individual scheme
members or trustees. At the moment, pension funds are not covered by the
compensaion scheme, which pays out a maximum of Pounds 48,000 to investors with
companies declared in default. Alternatively there could be a levy on pension
schemes or individual members, which would go towards funding a central
compensation scheme.

Mike Brown, the NAPF's director of information, said the research and planning
committee had met for the first time last month to discuss the issue of
compensation. This followed evidence given to the Commons social security
committee on pensions by Mr MacMahon at the beginning of the year. The NAPF
committee hopes to report in two months on the viability of a scheme.

Mr Brown said: '' The most obvious route is to compensate the trustees of the
scheme because they don't have the assets to pay the scheme members if the money
is to put it bluntly stolen. Another school of thought is that trustees are
professional investors and it is not the trustees who suffer, so the investors
should get compensation. Some people are saying, why not a levy on pension
schemes or employees? This could be a flat rate levy or risk-related, which
would mean you could find it expensive if you were a risky trustee. It could be
a scheme-based thing, with a levy based on membership numbers.''

However, all these suggestions will almost certainly cost scheme members money,
either directly or indirectly. Mr Brown said: ''There is a distinct possibility
that it will cost more if there is a scheme to provide useful benefits, if there
is a major problem.''

Employers who were operating well-run and well-funded schemes would also be
likely to object to having to pay for losses and shortfalls in badly funded
ones. The government is unenthusiastic about any prospect of a levy being
claimed through national insurance contributions, which would force many
employees without the option of belonging to a pension scheme to subsidise those
who have.

A compensation scheme is one element of a wider discussion on how to tighten up
the operation of company pensions. The NAPF last month issued a list of
safeguards. At the top of the list came calls for a much greater representation
of scheme members on boards of trustees. However, companies have some way to go
before scheme members have equal representation on boards of trustees, according
to the latest annual occupational pension survey from NAPF, out this week. Of
the 778 companies questioned for the survey, 41 per cent had no employees other
than management on their board of trustees.  In-house individual and corporate
trustees dominate the boards of both private and public sector organisations.
Only a quarter of companis have independent trustees for pension schemes. Where
employees are represented, the employer has some hand in the choosing them at 68
per cent of companies.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited


                              396 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            December 2, 2008 Tuesday

Pensions: all your questions answered

SECTION: BUSINESS; Personal Finance

LENGTH: 1040 words


Charlie Weston Personal Finance Editor

PENSION funds are suffering huge losses as stock markets around the world have
been pounded. This has raised fears that some funds are set to collapse. Here we
explain what the crisis in pension funds means for you.

What is a defined benefit pension?

With a defined benefit plan, the pension income you get when you retire is
related to your final salary and your years of service.

For example, you might get a maximum of half or two-thirds of your salary after
40 years' service, including the State pension. The risk that there will not be
enough money in the scheme is taken by the employer. Most of these pensions are
invested in a combination of Irish and international shares.

However, there is no guarantee that you will get a set level of pension based on
your final salary. You have a promise from the company, and nothing more.

About half a million people are members of defined benefit schemes, but half of
these people are in the public sector, where pensions are paid for out of
Exchequer funds.

It is the 250,000 members of defined benefit schemes who work in the private
sector who are facing fears over the funding of their retirement funds.

And defined contribution schemes?

With a defined contribution or personal pension, the worker pays into a fund
which is used to buy a pension when they retire.

The pension amount is determined by the value of the fund when the individual
retires, as opposed to the level of their salary.

Typically, people with this sort of pension invest in a managed fund, which
tends to be heavily invested in shares.

The investment risk is taken by the person who takes out a defined contribution
pension. These pensions are also nursing heavy losses. Like defined benefit
schemes, it is only the generous tax reliefs for pension funding that is keeping
these schemes above water at the moment.

Why are pensions in trouble?

The values of pension funds have slumped because they are so heavily invested in
stock market investments, which have taking a pounding in the past year.

A typical pension fund might have half of its assets in shares, 25pc in
property, 15pc in bonds and 10pc in cash.

Stock markets have fallen between 30pc and 60pc this year so far. The Irish
stock market is down 64pc so far this year. This has meant that the average
pension fund is down 33pc. This situation has meant that the combined deficits
of defined benefit funds are now between EUR20bn and EUR30bn, according to the
Department of Social and Family Affairs.

If the companies funding these schemes close down, then the pension schemes will
not have sufficient funds to meet all their obligations to current and future
pensioners of the scheme.

Another reason defined pension schemes are in trouble is the fact that people
are living longer, making it more expensive to fund retirement incomes.

What has this meant?

More and more companies are closing off defined benefit schemes to new members
because of the sheer expense of running these schemes.

Last year 200 schemes were closed off to new members, and for the first time
more people were members of defined contribution schemes than were members of
defined benefit schemes.

Part of the problem is the funding standard imposed on defined benefit schemes
by legislation. This requires a scheme to indicate annually that it has
sufficient funds to meet its liabilities to current and future pensioners, if it
was to close up today.

Massive stock market losses mean few defined benefit schemes can meet this
funding standard. This has raised fears that some funds could collapse. But it
is more likely the funding standard will be relaxed and only pension funds of
companies that close because of the recession will be impacted.

If a company collapses, will the pensions be safe?

If a company that sponsors a pension goes to the wall then there is an
obligation on the pension fund trustees to wind up the scheme without delay.

The assets in the scheme, both from the contributions by the employer and the
employees, will be sold off and the money divided between the members.

First call on the funds goes to those with additional voluntary contributions
which are part of a defined benefit scheme, including AVCs transferred from
another scheme. Then comes those receiving pensions, or about to, from the
scheme.

What is left goes to those employees contributing into the scheme, and deferred
members (those who have left the company).

What happens to a person with a defined benefit pension if the company switches
to defined contribution schemes?

If there is a switch to a defined contribution scheme, then the defined benefit
one will be wound up, as in the last question. If there is enough money in the
scheme then a pot of money can be put into the defined contribution scheme.

But most people do not have a pension. Is there a plan to rectify this?

More than one million people have no pension, and will be relying on the State
pension when they retire. The Government is currently looking at proposals,
including one to have everyone pay into a universal pension.

A Green Paper was published recently and Social and Family Affairs Minister Mary
Hanafin has promised to have proposals on this before Christmas or early in the
new year.

Are public sector pensions safe?

Yes, they are paid for out of government expenditure.

Public sector employees enjoy generous pensions which are not subject to the
vagaries of stock markets. These are paid for by the very taxpayers whose funds
are collapsing. For example, the State funds the equivalent of up to 33pc of the
annual salary of a garda in pension contributions, with a garda contributing
less than 5pc.

Would I be better off putting my money in the bank?

If you did, you would miss out on the generous tax benefits available for
pensions investments, and the contributions being made by your employer.

Will the situation improve?

Stock markets should recover, it is just a question of when.

If you are 20 or 30 years from retirement, a rise in equity prices should mean
your pension fund regains some, or even all, of its losses.

For those nearing retirement, talk to your pension fund trustee or fund manager
about switching your fund into cash or bonds.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

A PENSION FOR THE ENTIRE NATION: VIABLE OR NOT?

LENGTH: 891 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 3 -- There has been much debate about launching a pension scheme
for those who do not get a government pension or do not currently have a
provident fund account. Traditionally, the only pension plan we knew was the
pension earned by state employees. Other than a few banks, the private sector
had no pension schemes.

Also, for generations we have been used to a culture where children and families
have taken the burden of the elderly. Many are of the opinion that like in the
West the situation is changing fast in Sri Lanka and concern for the aged is
losing its place as an accepted norm. We are also confronted with an aging
population and although we could address part of the problem by extending the
age of retirement, we are likely to have a large segment of our population as
retirees.

Therefore, a pension for all would be popular with the younger workers, provided
the idea of a pension scheme is explained to them and certain problems in
relation to sectors such as apparel, which attract young females, need to be
examined and dealt with effectively. The overall objective of the scheme should
be to secure for an average worker a payment, which at least guarantees his/her
financial independence at the time of retirement.

End game

However, the main issue for them is how the scheme is funded - what commitments
are expected from them? What could they expect in terms of sufficiency of the
monthly payments? Would it have an adverse impact on their existing benefits?
What special benefits does the scheme offer in real terms to an employee who
works loyally for 25 - 35 years for one company? Globally, schemes tied to final
salary are on the decline. Most are now closed to new employees joining and some
are closing to employees already in the scheme, with a buy out. One or more
banks in Sri Lanka, which had pension funds, have either moved away from them or
closed the schemes to new entrants.

These existing schemes will continue their progression from a core employee
benefit to a complex and risky financial liability. Managing these liabilities
creates little upside opportunity for companies, but instead poses significant
financial risks and ties up precious management time. This has led to an end
game in many pension schemes: the beginning of the approach whereby a company
and its trustees start to consider the final settlement of pension scheme
liabilities at some point in the future. For some, the end game could be many
years from now, requiring a carefully managed programme to control risk until
that point is achieved. For others, the end game may be in the near future. The
dramatic growth in the number of insurers seeking to acquire these liabilities
from organisations is driving a growing market in accelerated settlements.

HR strategy

The boards of many companies no longer consider their company final salary
pension scheme as a key part of their HR strategy. Their sentiment is often that
pensions ceased being a core employee benefit long ago; particularly for new and
younger employees, and that the pension scheme is a risky and uncertain
millstone around t he company's neck. Most final salary schemes are closed to
new entrants, with many now closing to existing employee. As the working life of
these pension schemes draws to a close, they become only a liability to the
company consisting of promises to pay pensions to ex-employees. Put simply, the
pension scheme has now become a financial liability to be managed, controlled
and ultimately eliminated in due time.

Challenges

For any pension scheme, the return on investment, inflation and mortality are
the top three risks faced by any pension scheme. Therefore, one needs to take a
closer look at some of the issues behind these risks and how they might affect a
pension plan:

A) Investment risk can be largely controlled but often is not. The assets of a
pension scheme may not perform in line with the expected assumptions and may
also not match changes in the size of the liabilities over time as interest
rates at different durations change. This creates a risk that in the future the
investments either outperform or underperform relative to the liabilities and
assumptions. In a typical pension scheme assets are not closely matched to
liabilities.

B) Inflation can pose a significant risk to all pension schemes. For most
pension schemes, a large proportion of pension benefits are linked to the
inflation rate, if future inflation is higher than anticipated, then the cost of
providing benefits will also be higher. However, the overall impact on the
schemes' finances will depend to a large extent on the inflation matching
provided by the scheme's assets.

C) The longevity risk is the number one risk for any pension schemes and also
the most difficult risk to control. Therefore, longevity risk must be uppermost
in the minds of the promoters as a problem area for any proposed scheme.

Given these risks, it may be prudent for the government to study its current and
long-term funding options and the risks associated with managing pension scheme
in consultation with the private sector before any scheme is structured.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

KiwiSavers exiting AMP

BYLINE: Rob Stock

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 555 words


Massive flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted with the Companies Office.

It appears the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are losing out the
banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

That means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering
among scheme providers.

The schemes compete through advertising campaigns, special offers, cuts to fees,
and through investing their funds in a bid to sit high in the performance
charts.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes.

Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme from other KiwiSaver schemes.

AMP has been working hard to turn that net negative switching around, cutting
fees and helping savers pick suitable funds, in addition to having an online
portal which savers can use to keep tabs on their KiwiSaver.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth (See below: What is Bulking KiwiSaver up)

No-one from AMP was available to speak on its strategies to turn around its net
funds flow.

By contrast, ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m transferred to other schemes.

Most of the money that left came out of ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

NZX-owned Superlife, which ended the year with assets of just over $406m,
experienced $12m of transfers in, and $13.25m out.

The last of the large schemes to report so far was Aon KiwiSaver, which ended
the year with just under $320m. Just under $17m was switching in from other
schemes and $15.6m went the other way.

The KiwiSaver Evaluation report published in February provides some insights
into how people choose their KiwiSaver schemes.

Key considerations for people picking a fund included seeking a provider with a
good reputation, one that was financially stable, and one they were familiar
with.

Other factors included recommendations from friends and convenience.

WHAT IS BULKING KIWISAVER UP?

The Kiwi Wealth scheme's annual report shows the factor behind a scheme's
growth.

Balance transfers of $386.7m was the scheme's biggest single source of new
money. Interest, dividends and capital growth of investments brought in $265.6m
after fees and expenses of $20.8m. Employees' contributions totalled $137m and
employer contributions $78.7m. "Other contributions" like voluntary
contributions from members brought in $58.5m. The Government contributed $26.9m
through tax credit subsidies. A total of $52.6m was transferred out to other
KiwiSaver schemes. Another $57.2m was withdrawn, including people retiring,
emigrating, dying, suffering serious illness or financial hardship, or buying a
home. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pakistan: 347 housing schemes illegal

LENGTH: 749  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Sept. 24 -- A TOTAL of 347 private housing schemes situated in the
districts of Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana Sahib and Kasur of the Lahore Division
out of which 98 are situated in the provincial metropolis have been declared
illegal by the Lahore Development Authority (LDA).

A senior LDA official said that in Lahore, 69 illegal schemes were located in
the jurisdiction of TMA Nishtar Town, 14 in Wagha Town, 10 in Allama Iqbal Town
and five were situated in Aziz Bhatti Town. He said the LDA was continuously
informing the prospective buyers of plots in the private housing schemes/land
sub-divisions not to purchase the property in any of the illegal schemes until
the scheme/land sub-division were approved by the Lahore Development Authority.
He said they were also advised to get the information about the legality of a
housing scheme/land sub-division and the status of plot (s) from the LDA before
making any transaction.

According to a press statement issued by the LDA, about 69 schemes in Nishtar
Town are Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town, Badar Colony, Bilal Town,
Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani Park-I, Gillani Park-II, Green Cap H/S,
Iqbal Park, Al-Madina Town H/S ,Gulshan-e-Amin, Haji Amanat Ali Estate, Hajveri
Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, Koh-e-Noor H/S, Malik Park, Mian Qasim Estate, Sadaat
Colony, Waheed Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah, Heaven Homes,
Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime Homes), Prime Homes,
Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park, Nasir Colony, Park View
Villas, Sub-Division adjacent to T&T H/S, Villas Adjacent to Abpara H/S, Mian
Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing Scheme, 1384 K Housing
Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Al-Rehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar
Colony, Elite Town, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir
Estate-II Housing Scheme, Madina View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing
Scheme, Akhtarabad H/S, Al-Haram Gardens, Aziz Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town,
Faisal Town Ph. II, Gulberg Park, Indus Estate, Lahore Garden, New
Gulshan-e-Lahore, Olympic Village , Roshan Town, Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue,
Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town are Shareef Park, Hakim Town,
Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, Al-Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam
Garden, Tufail Garden, Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme
Phase I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden
Phase III. The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town are Abdullah Town, Amna Park,
Hafiz Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town,
Rana Town, Doctor Society and Sub-Division adjacent to Sultan Town. The names of
five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town are Hajeri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon
City/Imperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

The LDA's statement claimed that the authority had informed the public that
under the LDA Act 1975 except Lahore Development Authority, no other Authority
or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local
body or any other government agency was authorised to approve any private
housing scheme/land sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013. Any
approval granted by any other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil
Municipal Administration or any local body or any other Government Agency in
Lahore Division after 19.09.2013 was not valid and lawful.

Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without the approval of Lahore Development Authority, it
said, adding sponsors were not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior
to the formal approval by the Lahore Development Authority and after the
approval of the scheme/land sub-division, the sponsors were not allowed to
advertise the scheme without getting a No Objection Certificate from the Lahore
Development Authority.

The launching/development of scheme without the approval of the Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining the NOC
from the Lahore Development Authority are illegal actions and punishable under
the Lahore Development Authority Act 1975, it concluded

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Improving quality of life;
Anand Rayate, Chief Officer, Mumbai Slum Improvement Board, provides an overview
of its operations and jurisdiction

BYLINE: Anand Rayate

LENGTH: 1743  words


Mumbai Slum Improvement Board has its extent over Mumbai City District and
Mumbai Suburban District covering 06 Lok sabha Parliamentary constituencies
comprising of 36 Vidhan sabha constituencies.

Activities

The work programme of the Mumbai Slum Improvement Board includes 13 different
schemes. Out of these schemes, 9 schemes implemented through D.P.D.C. funds
whereas other schemes are funded by Government of Maharashtra or MMRDA.

Besides this, the work of construction of toilet block, Samaj  Mandir and
Multipurpose Room at Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar/Kamraj Nagar, Ghatkopar (E) and the
beautification of W.I.T. Ground at Dharavi are proposed to undertaken by this
Board.

A. Schemes funded through D.P.D.C.

1.  Retaining Wall programme.

2.  Nagri Dalit Vasti Sudhar Yojana.

3.  Slum Improvement Scheme.

4.  Beautification schemes.

5.  Development of Cemeteries.

6.  Providing amenities to the citizens of M.C.G.M. area.

7.  M.P./M.L.A.-Local Area Development Schemes.

8.  Paryatan Sudhar Yojana.

9.  Navinyapurna Yojana/Mahil Bachat Gat/Development of Lakes/Borewell.

Under these schemes the works suggested by MPs/ MLAs are undertaken and the
Administrative Approval for such works is accorded by the Collector, Mumbai City
District or Mumbai Suburban District.

1. Retaining Wall programme

To avoid the loss of lives and property of the slum dwellers residing on /
around hilly areas of the Mumbai city and suburbs district, the state government
has implemented programme of construction of Retaining walls.

The state government is providing funds for this scheme from the District
Planning schemes of every year.

This programme is executed in Mumbai city and Mumbai suburban District, to give
protection to slum pockets on hillocks or at the bottom of hilly areas from
landslide government through DPDC of respective Districts allocates fund for
construction of retaining wall to protect the slums from land slide in the hilly
areas.

Till date, Mumbai Slum Improvement Board has executed 3637 works spending
Rs.238.27 crore. The retaining wall up to height of 9.50 only is constructed by
M.S.I.B.

Under this programme, a budget of Rs.38.28 crores was approved for Mumbai Slum
Improvement Board for the Year 2012-2013. Out of this an amount of Rs.4.57
Crores was approved for Mumbai city District and Rs.33.71 Crores for Mumbai
Suburban District.

During the year 2012-13 Mumbai slum improvement Board has executed Work of 190
retaining walls spending an amount of Rs.19.28 Cr. For the year 2013-2014, DPDC
of Mumbai city has made provision of Rs.7.72 Cr. and Mumbai suburban district
has made provision of Rs.45.00 Cr.

2. Nagri Dalit Vasti Sudhar Yojana.

The works of providing basic civic & social amenities to the Dalit peoples who
are majority residing in the slums of Mumbai City & Suburbs Districts are being
carried out as a special component Scheme. This scheme is started from the year
2004-05. The works under this scheme are being taken as suggested by the local
MLA/MLC's as demanded by the locals. During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has
executed 306 works under this scheme spending an amount of Rs. 27.73 crores. For
the year 2013-14, total 615 works are proposed with the provision of Rs. 58.10
crores.

3. Slum Improvement Scheme

This scheme is started in the Mumbai City District from the year 1008-09 through
the funds of the District planning schemes. The works of providing basis civic
and social amenities are taken under this scheme as suggested by the MLA/MLC's
as per the local requirement.

During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 91 works under this scheme
spending an amount of Rs. 5.48 crores. For the year 2013-14, total 100 works are
proposed with the provision of Rs. 7.95 crores.

4. Beautification schemes

This scheme is being implemented from the funds made available by the State
Govt. through District Planning schemes.

The works of beautifications of Talav's and Gardens situated in Mumbai Suburban
District are being carried out in this scheme as suggested by the MLA/MLC's as
per local requirements.

During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 602 works under this scheme
spending an amount of Rs. 59.90 crores. For the year 2013-14, total 950 works
are proposed with the provision of Rs. 93.80 crores.

5. Development of Cemeteries

This scheme is started in Mumbai Suburban District from the year 2007-08 through
the funds of the District Planning Schemes. The works of Development of
cemeteries of the MCGM are under taken as suggested by the MLA/MLC's as per the
local requirement. During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 29 works under
this scheme spending an amount of Rs. 2.53 crores in Mumbai City District. For
the year 2013-14, total 70 works are proposed with the provision of Rs. 5.70
crores.

6. Providing amenities to the citizens of M.C.G.M. area

This scheme is started in the Mumbai Suburban District from the year 2007-08
through the funds of the District planning schemes. At present this scheme for
suburban is closed from the year 2010-11. Presently this scheme is being
implicated in the Mumbai City District. The works of providing basic civic and
social amenities are taken under this scheme as suggested by the MLA/ MLC's as
per the local requirements. During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 80
works under this scheme spending an amount of Rs. 4.25 crores. For the year
2013-14, total 80 works are proposed with the provision of Rs. 6.30 crores.

7. M.P./M.L.A.-Local Area Development Schemes.

The basis civic and social amenities like toilets / W.C.Blocks, water supply
systems, drains passages, Gymnasium, Health Centres, Balwadi, Beautification
work etc. are being carried out under this scheme. In this schemes the works are
being taken from the MLA/MLC/MP (Loksabha) / MP (Rajyasabha) funds as demanded
by the local slum dwellers.

During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 1461 works under this scheme
spending an amount of Rs. 108.70 crores. For the year 2013-14, total 1363 works
are proposed with the provision of Rs. 119.60 crores.

8. Paryatan Suvidha Vikas Yojana.

This scheme is started in the Mumbai Suburban District from the year 2010-11
through the funds of the District planning schemes. In this scheme works viz.
for development of tourist spots are undertaken. During the year 2012-13
M.S.I.B. has executed 12 works under this scheme spending an amount of Rs. 4.25
crores. For the year 2013-14, total 75 works are proposed with the provision of
Rs. 7.50 crores.

9. Navinyapurna Yojana/Mahil Bachat Gat/Development of Lakes/Borewell.

This scheme is started in the Mumbai Suburban District from the year 2010-11
through the funds of the District planning schemes. In this scheme, work viz.
construction of culvert, construction of Mahila Bachat Gat Bhawan, and providing
Borewell works are undertaken. During the year 2012-13 M.S.I.B. has executed 61
works under this scheme. For the year 2013-14, total 115 works are proposed with
the provision of Rs. 11.50 crores.

B) Nagri Dalit Vasti Sudhar Yojana (Special Fund) :

The Department of Social Justric and Special Assistance, Government of
Maharashtra has allotted the funds of Rs. 117.40 crores for year 2010-11 and Rs.
57.00 crores for year 2011-12 for providing basic amenities for scheduled caste
beneficiaries.

Out of Rs. 57.00 crores, only Rs. 48.45 have been released. For the year
2010-11, 1474 works were approved and 1331 works have been completed upto
March-2013 spending Rs. 97.86 crores. For the year 2011-12, 637 works were
approved and 559 works have been completed up to March-2013 spending Rs. 44.48
crores. The spill over works for 2010-11 and 2011-12 are to be completed till
30.09.2013.

For the year 2012-13, the Department of Social Justice and Special Assistance
has approved Rs. 60.00 crores out of which Rs.48.00 crores are made available on
30.03.2013. As per the G.R., the terms and conditions relating to nature of
works and the distribution of funds are to be issued separately. The works are
to be undertaken under this scheme on the suggestions given by MLA's and
includes basic amenities like Toilet Block, Drain, Passage, Water supply etc.
The works are targeted to be completed by 31.03.2014.

C) Providing Clean Drinking water and toilet blocks for schools in Dalit
Colonies.

The Government of Maharashtra has approved Special Assistance of Rs. 36.00 crore
for providing clean drinking water and toilet blocks facilities for schools in
Dalit Colonies. As per the G.R., the terms and conditions relating to nature of
works and the distribution of funds are to be issued separately. The works are
targeted to be completed by 31.03.2014.

D) MMRDA Fund

MMRDA has allotted funds of Rs. 150.00 crores for providing amenities like
toilet blocks, drain, passage, water supply and social amenities for the year
2011-12 on 28.12.2011. Majority of the works are completed spending Rs. 95.97
crores and the remaining works are to be completed.

E) Development works at Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar/ Kamraj Nagar, Ghatkopar (East).

1.  Construction of Toilets.

2.  Samajkalyan Kendra.

3.  Multipurpose Centre.

Government of Maharashtra sanctioned Rs. 11.60 crore as a special fund for
construction of toilets, Samajkalyan Kendra and Multipurpose Centre for Ramabai
Ambedkar Nagar / Kamraj Nagar. The work of construction of toilets and Samaj
Kalyan Kendra are completed. The agency fixation for further work of
construction of multipurpose centre is in final stage. The Budget providing of
Rs. 4.00 crore is done for the year 2013-14.

F) The Beautification of W.I.T. Ground-Dharavi Sector-3

Varsha Gaikwad, Minister, Government of Maharashtra has suggested the above
work. The work shall be executed by the Executive Engineer (City Divn.). The
Budget provision of Rs. 339.45 lakh vide letter No. 2035 dt.01.11.2012. The work
has commenced. The Budget provision of Rs. 14.00 lakh had been made in revised
budget provision for the year 2012-13 and Rs.320 lakh in the year 2013-14.

Proposed new schemes

Community Kitchen

In near future, MSIB is planning to set up a concept of community kitchen, at
least one in each vidhan sabha constituency to provide hygienic space for
preparing food for around 500 families within a slum pocket. This will not only
provide food but also employment to women in slum areas.

Cbo Model Toilet Blocks

This type of toilet facilities will provide more hygienic conditions in slum
areas. The use of water will be minimized and thus saving the precious resource.
Such toilets will be pay and use type and so can be better maintained.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Government introduces several new schemes

BYLINE:  Our Correspondent

LENGTH: 642  words


This past election was, in large part, about courting the youth vote. And now
that they are firmly ensconced in the corridors of power, the PML-N government
on Wednesday introduced several youth oriented schemes worth billions in the
budget for the fiscal year 2013-14. Other schemes that have been introduced also
target the poorer segments of society.

"Amongst all sections our population it is our youth that must not be struck
with despair and despondency," Finance Minister Ishaq Dar said in his budget
speech to the National Assembly.

Dar said that these schemes were the fulfillment of promises Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif had made with theyouth during his election campaign.

Some schemes, like the oneyear internship programme, had also been introduced by
the previous government. Other schemes, such as the laptops for the youth and
housing for the poor (Ashiyana Housing scheme)were introduced by Punjab chief
Minister Shahbaz Sharif, but will now be implemented on a federal level.

Prime Minister's Youth Training Program

The first scheme is for those who have completed a 16-year degree program and
are jobless. The same scheme had been launched and implanted by the previous
government but it lasted for a mere two years.

All those who have completed a 16-year degree program and are below the age of
25 years will be eligible for selection under the scheme. A one-year training
program will be designed for these graduates during which they will be entitled
to a stipend of Rs 10,000 per month. The scheme will be administered by the
ministry of education, training and standards for higher education.

Prime Minister's Youth Skills Development Program

Under this program 25,000 young people up to the age of 25 and with the minimum
qualification of middle school (eight grade), will be imparted training in a
number of trades across the country. National Vocational and Technical Training
Authority (NAVTEC) will manage the program in collaboration with provincial
TEVTA authorities. Emphasis will be placed on such trades as are in demand
aboard or will enable the graduate to become self-employed.

Small Business Loans Scheme

Under this scheme loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2,000,000 will be
available at a markup cost of 8%. The remaining cost will be borne by the
government. In the first year of the scheme, 50,000 loans will be offered. The
scheme will be strengthened in the light of experience gained in the first year
of operation.

PM's scheme for Provision of Laptop

All students pursuing a degree program from one of the HEC recognised
universities or institutions and meeting the merit criteria to be developed by
the HEC will be eligible to get a free laptop.

Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed areas

Under an existing scheme, bright student from less developed areas are provided
tuition fee support while pursing higher education at masters' and doctorate
levels. Presently it is available to students from Balochistan, FATA, and
Gilgit-Baltistan.

However, the government decided to include students from rural Sindh, Multan,
Bahawalpur and DG Khan Division of south Punjab in this scheme as well, and they
will be eligible for tuition fee support provided they fulfill the merit
criteria.

PM's Micro Finance Scheme

The finance minister says the purpose of this scheme was to enable men and women
to undertake micro enterprise activities, and the government has allocated Rs 5
billion to launch a scheme of Qarz-eHasna (loans without markup) for this
purpose. These will be made available through selected micro finance providers
including Akhuwat, NRSP and Provincial RSPs. Fifty percent of the beneficiaries
of the scheme will be women.

PM's Housing Finance scheme

Under this scheme, a mortgage facility of Rs 1.5 million to Rs 5 million will be
offered at a markup rate of 8%. Fifty thousand people will benefit from the
scheme.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

Dear KC Chakrabarty, here's the real reason why people invest in Ponzi shemes

LENGTH: 1418 words

DATELINE: India


India, May 3 -- A standard explanation that seems to be emerging about why Ponzi
schemes keep occurring in different parts of the country is that India does not
have enough banks. And this lack of banks leads people to invest in fraudulent
Ponzi schemes.

A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment scheme in which the illusion of high
returns is created by taking money being brought in by new investors and passing
it on to old investors whose investments are falling due and need to be
redeemed.

K C Chakrabarty, the deputy governor, is the latest individual who has jumped
onto the more banks equals fewer Ponzi schemes, bandwagon. "The fact that people
have to rely on such entities for their saving needs indicates a failure on the
part of the formal financial system to reach out to such groups and earn their
trust and confidence through a transparent and responsive customer service
regime," Chakrabarty said yesterday.

"The need of the hour is to ensure that our unbanked population gains access to
formal sources of finance, their reliance on informal channels and on the shadow
banking system subsides and, in the process, consumer exploitation is curbed,"
he added.

Having said that 'higher returns' are not the only reason that lures people into
Ponzi schemes. RBorg

So what Chakrabarty is effectively saying is that only if people had a bank in
their neighbourhood they would have stayed away from a Ponzi scheme like
Saradha. While it simple to come to this conclusion which sounds quite logical,
the truth is not as simple as it is being made out to be.

Let's consider a few Ponzi schemes that have done the rounds lately. MMM India
which promises to double the investment every month, needs prospective investors
to have bank accounts. So here is a Ponzi scheme which is using what Chakrabarty
calls the 'formal financial system' to flourish.

Before that there was the Speak Asia Ponzi scheme. In this scheme investors
needed to fill online surveys. Anyone who has access to internet in India is
most likely to have access to a bank account as well. So people who invested in
Speak Asia, did so because they wanted to not because they had no banks in their
locality.

Then there are Ponzi schemes which involve investments in gold coins. People who
can buy gold coins won't have access to a bank account?

Or lets take the case of Emu Ponzi schemes which had become fairly popular in
parts of Tamil Nadu. The pioneer among these schemes was Susi Emu Farms. It
promised a return of at least Rs 1.44 lakh within two years, after an initial
investment of Rs 1.5 lakh had been made. This was the model followed by nearly
100 odd emu Ponzi schemes that popped up after the success of Susi.

Again anyone who has Rs 1.5 lakh to invest in a Ponzi scheme will not have
access to a bank? That is rather difficult to believe. As Dhirendra Kumar of
Value Research puts it in a recent column"Could it be that all those people who
put money into Saradha wouldn't have done so if they had a bank in their
neighbourhood? Very unlikely. A lot of the deposits seem to have come from towns
where there would have been banks. Moreover, almost every ponzi scheme that has
come to light in the last few years has actually flourished in towns and cities.
The investors who fell for StockGuru or the Emu farms or other schemes all had
access to legitimate alternatives."

So what is it that gets people to put their hard earned money into Ponzi schemes
rather than deposit it into banks? The simple answer is 'greed'. We all want
high returns from the investments we make. And Ponzi schemes typically offer
significantly higher rates of return than other investment options that are
available at any point of time.

Having said that 'higher returns' are not the only reason that lures people into
Ponzi schemes.

There are other factors at work, which along with the lure of higher returns,
ends up making a deadly cocktail.

Typically people do not like handing over money to someone they do not know. In
small towns, people end up investing money into a Ponzi scheme through an agent
they happen to know. So even though they have no clue about the company they are
investing in, they feel they are doing the right thing because they know the
agent.

In the case of Saradha, agents of Peerless General Finance and Investment were
used to collect money. Peerless had a good reputation among the people of West
Bengal, having been in the business of collecting small savings since 1932. This
helped Saradha establish the trust that it needed to, during its initial days of
operation.

As a report in The Indian Express points out "The selection of agents, a crucial
link in the chain, was done very carefully by Saradha. Those picked were
generally ones who wielded influence in their locality and in whom people had
confidence."

What also helps is the fact that agents are paid reasonably high commissions,
leading to a higher level of motivation and thus better service. The agents
typically come to homes of prospective investors to get them to invest money. So
clearly there is better service on offer unlike a bank. There is very little
need for documentation ( PAN No, Address proof etc not required) as well, unlike
is the case with a bank.

Let us briefly go back to the more banks fewer Ponzi schemes argument. As the
Indian Express report cited earlier states "One important reason for chit funds
mushrooming (they are really not chit funds, but Ponzi schemes) in West Bengal
is the absence of easy access to banks and other financial institutions.
According to an estimate of the state Finance Department, of the 37,000 villages
in the state, nearly 27,767 have no bank branch."

While villages may not have access to a bank, they do have access to post
offices. And India Post runs many small savings schemes, in which people can
deposit money. But in West Bengal people seemed to have stayed away from these
schemes. A report published in December 2012, in The Hindu Business Line quotes
Gautam Deb, a former housing minister as saying "small savings and post office
collections in West Bengal during the April-October 2012 period were merely Rs
194 crore, against the targeted amount of Rs 8,370 crore."

So why did people stay away from the post office schemes and get into Ponzi
schemes? For one the returns offered on Ponzi schemes were significantly higher.
The second reason obviously is the significantly better level of service that
Ponzi schemes offer with agents getting higher commissions.

In fact, there are no commissions on offer for selling post office savings
schemes. As Kumar points out in his column "The post office offers excellent
schemes with a huge reach in rural and semi-urban areas but can it compete on
sales and marketing? In fact, when the government eliminated commissions on PPF
and other deposits in post offices in 2011, it effectively eliminated whatever
little sales muscle there was."

The formal financial system thus finds it very difficult to compete with
unscrupulous operators like Saradha. It is not easy for it to offer higher
commissions as and when it wants to simply because it has got rules and
regulations to follow. As Kumar puts it "They (i.e. the Ponzi schemes) spend
much more on sales commissions, on offices, keeping politicians happy and
getting media coverage because they can just dip into the deposited money for
all these expenses. Therefore, even if legitimate financial services are
available passively, they won't be able to compete."

Another reason why the people of West Bengal fell for Saradha was the fact that
the Ponzi scheme came to be very closely associated with Trinamool Congress, the
party that rules the state. The 'formal financial system' cannot afford to do
anything like that.

When we take all these reasons into account it is safe to say that the more
banks fewer Ponzi schemes argument doesn't really work. Even if more banks are
established, the banks will not be able to compete with the level of service and
commissions that Ponzi schemes can offer. Hence, it is very important that
unscrupulous operators who are caught running Ponzi schemes are punished and
justice is delivered as soon as possible. This will ensure that anyone who wants
to start a Ponzi scheme will think twice before he acts. And that is the best
way to protect people from Ponzi schemes. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from News Point. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2013 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

NIT plans 5 more improvement schemes in metro region

BYLINE: Anjaya Anparthi

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 495 words


NAGPUR: After the Kirmiti scheme, which was announced last year, the Nagpur
Improvement Trust (NIT) has planned five more improvement schemes with the
'small town' concept which is a great hit in Ahmedabad. Now the area to be
covered will be a sprawling 49.73 sq.km. It amounts to just over a quarter of
the current size of Nagpur city.

Significantly, all the schemes are close to Wardha Road (4), Amravati Road (1)
and Bhandara Road (1), which are the lifeline of the city. All are also in the
vicinity of the Outer Ring Road which will guarantee proper road connectivity.

The NIT proposed its first improvement scheme on the lines of the 'small town'
pattern in June last year and named it as the Kirmiti improvement scheme (9.58
sq km). The five new schemes are MIHAN improvement scheme (11 sq km), Gawasi
Improvement Scheme (8.6 sq km), Khasarmari Improvement Scheme (4.5 sq km),
Gondkhairi Improvement Scheme (10.7 sq km) and Powari Improvement Scheme (5.35
sq km).

The NIT has completed made some progress in the Kirmiti scheme which covers five
villages - Kirmiti, Khadka, Shivmadka, Sumthana and Panjri. Suggestions and
objections were invited from land owners and their views were heard. The NIT's
board of trustees, at a meeting held on January 19, approved the proposal to
send the scheme for the state government's nod.

The NIT has organized a two-day camp on Wednesday and Thursday to enter into an
agreement with all land owners for the scheme at Gumgaon gram panchayat. Even,
the proposal to change the user of the land from agriculture to residential was
also passed by the NIT board in the meeting held on February 2. This too will be
sent to the state government for its consent.

According to the NIT board's resolutions, it has planned the improvement schemes
in metro region utilizing its powers under regional plan. The NIT is also the
special planning authority of metro region and preparing the development plan.

A senior NIT official told TOI that the Kirmiti scheme could start this year
itself if everything goes according to the plan. "NIT will provide all basic
amenities including roads of 12 meter and above in width, water network, sewage
line, gardens, street light etc. NIT will keep 40% of the land for providing
basic amenities and remaining 60% with the owners. The value of the land with
the owners will automatically increase due to availability of basic amenities in
the area. The owners may lay layouts or construct flat schemes etc," he said.

NIT trustee Ravindra Bhoyar told TOI that some of the schemes will take a long
while to realize. "A couple of schemes connected to Wardha Road may see the
light of the day in the coming years. But the schemes proposed where there is no
scope of growth for 10 to 15 years may result into a distant dream. A huge area
is undeveloped between the growth areas and proposed scheme areas. Fate of all
the schemes also depends on the development of Mihan," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 19, 2012 Wednesday

Income earned through undisclosed sources: FBR readies initial draft of new
amnesty scheme

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 260

LENGTH: 259  words


The Federal Board of Revenue has prepared a preliminary draft of the "Tax
Registration and Investment Scheme-2012" for the legalisation of assets and
income earned through undisclosed and unexplained sources. Sources told Business
Recorder on Tuesday that the FBR has named the new scheme as "Tax Registration
and Investment Scheme-2012" which is under the Board's consideration.

The initial draft or blueprint of the scheme has been prepared which is being
examined by the policymakers and tax managers of the FBR. Under the draft of the
"Tax Registration and Investment Scheme-2012", the new scheme may be launched in
October 2012. The initial sketch of the "Tax Registration and Investment Scheme
-2012" has been made which is under consideration of the Board. So far, the FBR
has done preliminary work on one scheme ie "Tax Registration and Investment
Scheme-2012".

According to the draft of the "Tax Registration and Investment Scheme-2012," it
would be a time-bound scheme and cut-off date would be provided in the scheme.
The scheme could be launched in October 2012. However, the launching date of the
scheme has yet to be finalised by the FBR and Ministry of Finance.

The "Tax Registration and Investment Scheme-2012" would provide an opportunity
to the un-documented persons for the legalisation of movable and immovable
assets/properties on payment of nominal amount of taxes. There is a possibility
that the persons who would early avail the scheme would have to pay lower amount
of tax as compared to those legalising their assets at a later stage.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

'Himayat' employment scheme

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Nov. 11 -- The 235.3 crore Skill Empowerment and Employment (SEE)
scheme was announced with much fanfare with an intention of providing jobs to
one lakh local youth. Even as the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had in
May earlier this year approved the proposal of Union Ministry of Rural
Development to implement the scheme, unfortunately many top officials including
that of the state Rural Development department are not fully aware about the
implementation of the scheme.

When Kashmir Monitor contacted Director Rural Development Department, Mir
Jehangir, about the progress made in the implementation of SEE, he said he was
not aware of this scheme. However, when Mir was shown the official documents of
the scheme, he said, "Why are you media persons after this scheme. It will take
a lot of time. First, the youth need to be trained. Then we can make job
placements for them."

When asked about the training process of the youth, he said the Entrepreneurship
Development Institute (EDI) Pampore would provide 'better information' in this
regard. "Right now a training centre has been opened in Pampore, it is better to
talk to EDI Pampore and they will provide you better information regarding the
scheme," Mir said.

While sources in the Rural Development Department said the department is yet to
take concrete steps for implementing the scheme, EDI Director M I Parray too
said he did not know much about SEE and referred this correspondent to one
Arshid. "We have started some training centers in the valley..Mr Arshid who runs
these centers can provide you better information," EDI Director said.

While the state government officials are not fully aware about the scheme, the
central government officials seem to know more about the scheme.

"Right now we are training some 1300 youth of the valley..we run these training
centers with the help of different NGOs," Ashutosh Rana, special consultant SEE,
said over the phone from New Delhi.

Rana even said the name of the scheme has been changed from SEE to 'Himayat' and
that the target of training 15000 local youth would be met by October next year.

On the other hand, the local youth are complaining that they are not being
provided the proper information about the scheme by the concerned department.

"I went to various Rural Development Departments to know about the scheme after
I came to know about the scheme from a newspaper. But officials are themselves
unaware about the scheme and they didn't provide me any guidelines so that I
could take benefit," said Javid Ahmad, an unemployed youth.

"It is very beneficial scheme for the unemployed youth of the valley but I think
these officials have started training their own relatives and are concealing all
the information," he added

While some youth are complaining about not being provided the proper information
about the scheme, others are completely unaware of the scheme.

"We don't know about such a kind of scheme. Is there really any scheme like
this? And if there is any, it is unfortunate that the authorities did not
provide adequate information about Himayat," said another youth.

It is pertinent to mention that the officials while announcing the scheme had
said the first set of placements was likely to take place by October-November
this year. Of the total expenditure of Rs 235.3 crore for the scheme (SEE J&K),
Rs 70.59 crore would be met from existing budget of the Ministry of Rural
Development under its SGSY Scheme to cover 75 per cent cost of training rural
youth living under the Below Poverty Line (BPL), the officials had said, adding
that the remaining Rs 164.71 crore will be covered under special scheme for J&K
to cover rural non-BPL, urban BPL and non-BPL youth.

Recommendations in this regard had been made by a Committee headed by former RBI
Governor C Rangarajan. The panel was set up by Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh
to suggested measures to enhance employment opportunities in the State and
formulate a plan involving both private and public sectors. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 30, 2011 Monday

Check scheme's validity before investing

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 757 words


THE mushrooming of illegal investment schemes in the country is worrying despite
awareness campaigns and enforcement by the Companies Commission of Malaysia
(SSM).

Greedy and gullible investors, who throw caution to the wind after being
promised handsome and fast returns, are partly to blame for the proliferation of
such schemes.

SSM chief executive officer Datuk Azmi Ariffin says the number of complaints
against illegal investment schemes received last year provides an indication of
the severity of the problem.

"The statistics for 2010 showed a two-fold increase compared with 2009. In
total, SSM received 214 complaints last year, of which 62 per cent were related
to agriculture-based schemes such as worm, cow and fish-rearing and bird nest
cultivation.

"Complaints against tontine schemes for last year have increased five folds
compared with the previous year. Of these, 84 per cent involved schemes operated
by businesses."

Azmi points out that the higher number of complaints serves as a reminder and
warning to investors, that they should exercise caution before investing their
money in any scheme.

The frustrating part of the whole thing is that investors would only come
forward to seek help from SSM and the government after getting their fingers
burned.

"The authorities will only be notified after investors realise that they have
been cheated or they are not getting the returns as promised by scheme
organisers.

"But more often that not, it is too late to do anything as by then, the
organisers would have fled with the investors' money," explains Azmi.

SSM has even encountered cases where investors of illegal schemes have expressed
their unhappiness with the action taken by the commission, arguing that their
investments have been profitable.

"The question is, would they be adopting the same attitude once their profit
start to dwindle or disappear?", asks Azmi.

SSM's surveillance revealed there are many types of investment schemes offered
but generally, they can be grouped under three categories: investment schemes
registered with SSM as interest schemes; unregistered schemes; and investment
schemes involving activities which are against the law.

Last year, the commission pro-actively monitored 151 investment schemes and 29
deposit-taking activities through the mass media and Internet (websites, blogs
and forums).

Azmi says once it is determined that an investment scheme is out to swindle
investors, SSM will initiate action to freeze the organisers' assets and bring
the case to court.

"Upon conviction, the scheme organisers will be blacklisted to ensure they will
no longer able to hoodwink the public under the guise of running a business or
company.

"The companies will also have their licenses revoked and SSM is also empowered
to take civil action against the perpetrators."

For cases which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the commission, he says
the relevant agencies will be notified to enable action be taken.

Azmi says SSM has taken to court many organisers last year, with 19 business
licences revoked for organising tontine schemes.

Before parting with their money, investors should take several precautionary
measures, advises Azmi.

"Check on the validity of the scheme at the SSM website. We also have an online
info service which allows the public to check on the status of companies and
investment schemes they are offering.

"Be reminded that a company or a business may be incorporated or registered with
SSM but it does not give it the right to offer an investment scheme."

The SSM website can be accessed at www.ssm.com.my. Complaints can be lodged
online or at SSM headquarters in Kuala Lumpur or any of its 14 state branches.

Azmi says the commission realises that besides enforcement, the perils of
illegal investment schemes have to be conveyed to the public.

In line with the balanced enforcement approach adopted by the commission, a
comprehensive campaign to educate the public and scheme organisers has been
carried out.

The campaign comprises talks and seminars conducted by Comtrac, the commission's
training academy.

"SSM is committed to creating greater public awareness on illegal investment
schemes. We want to help create discerning and smart investors."

The legislation related to illegal investment schemes, adds Azmi, are also being
amended, with higher penalties against offenders being proposed.

He warns that proliferation of illegal investment schemes could also harm the
country's image among foreign investors who would consider Malaysia as high-risk
in terms of investment.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             January 2, 2011 Sunday
                                MainBody Edition

Medical aid costs set to rise more

BYLINE: Adele Shevel

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 595  words


Medical aid costs set to rise more

Medical schemes could raise contributions further this year if they are forced
to cover PMBs 'in full'

'Smaller schemes will struggle to survive and there will be an amalgamation'

ADELE SHEVEL

MEDICAL schemes, already under fire by the industry's regulator for imposing
above-inflation contribution increases, may be forced to implement further hikes
this year and above-average increases in 2012.

This hinges on whether schemes will be legally obliged to cover the full costs
of prescribed minimum benefits, or PMBs. These include emergency medical
conditions as well as 26 chronic diseases such as diabetes and asthma.

Schemes are for now ignoring a directive from the regulator to pay "in full"
medical cover of PMBs. Full cover would mean that service providers such as
hospitals, doctors and other providers can charge what they want for their
service and schemes would be legally obliged to cover the costs.

The medical scheme industry is in a legal battle with the regulator, hospitals
and other healthcare providers over this obligation. The schemes are waiting for
clarity from the High Court on a ruling about what "at cost" means.

"If the court rules that the registrar is correct, the impact will be disastrous
for medical schemes," said Medscheme CEO Andre Meyer.

Schemes would have to increase contributions by between 10% and 20% in the short
term, he added.

The impact will be threefold: interim increases, the impact on schemes' reserves
and above-average increases in 2012.

Medscheme administers 26 schemes in SA.

"If you put through that type of pricing structure in medical schemes it won't
be sustainable and schemes will be at risk," said Meyer.

This battle is one of several indicators that the industry and its new regulator
are likely to remain at loggerheads.

In December, the chief executive and regulator at the Council for Medical
Schemes, Monwabisi Gantsho, criticised schemes for annual price increases that
far outstrip inflation.

Historically, medical inflation has been several percentage points higher than
general inflation because of the increasing prevalence of chronic conditions and
new technology, which is expensive.

"It is the view of the registrar that contributions could have increased by no
more than 3.6%," said Gantsho.

Meyer said it was unrealistic to believe that medical increases would be in line
with inflation rates anywhere in the world. The burden of disease in the medical
scheme population is increasing. And new technologies, drugs, and the increased
use of specialists add an additional 1.5% or more.

Without the government employee medical scheme, Gems, the membership age profile
is staying the same, or getting older. As it worsens, utilisation increases, so
does cost pressure, Meyer said.

He expects fewer, but larger, schemes in future. "Smaller schemes will struggle
to survive and there will be an amalgamation. Maybe one or two schemes will be
placed under curatorship."

Another challenge for schemes is the uncertainty surrounding the planned
National Health Insurance, or NHI.

The country's largest open medical scheme, Discovery Health, put forward
increased contributions averaging 7.9% for this year. Bonitas's annual increase
is 9.6%, while Medihelp, the country's third-largest open scheme (which has a
high pensioner ratio), averages 15.5%. Liberty Medical's average increase is
13.7%, while that for Fedhealth and Momentum Health is 9.7% each.

Industry players say it is important not to look only at price, but also at
benefits; lower price increases could mean reduced benefits.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Employers Law

                                 June 12, 2009

Running downfinal salary pension schemesThe final countdown

BYLINE: Paul Rodgers

SECTION: Q&A

LENGTH: 949 words



HIGHLIGHT: What steps should employers take when running down or closing final
salary pension schemes? Paul Rodgers answers some key questions.


Q Are employers obliged to give reasons for closing a final salary scheme?

A No, although the case for harmonious workplace relations would suggest that
this is good practice. This is especially true where a trade union is recognised
and becomes involved in the issue. In most cases, it will be apparent to members
that financial considerations are driving the decision-making process.

Q How should staff be informed?

A Members must be informed in writing about changes affecting their schemes, and
timescales for the changes must be laid down. There is also a requirement for
two months' consultation with employees when any significant change to a scheme
is proposed. The Pensions Act 2004 requires that employers must consult if a
prescribed decision is to be made regarding an occupational scheme. Also, The
Occupational and Personal Pension Schemes (Consultation by Employers and
Miscellaneous Amendment) Regulations 2006 set out a list of the changes
including raising normal pension age, closing a scheme to new members, switching
to a defined contribution scheme, or increasing members' contributions.

Q Must there be a consultation period?

A A consultation period of at least 60 days must be allowed after affected
members have received written notification of the proposed/intended changes.
But, if a change is required as a result of statutory provisions, then
consultation is not required. A further level of consultation applies where the
scheme is contracted out. Wind-up of the scheme will necessarily result in the
surrender of the contracting out certificate.

Q How should trustees be informed?

A The employer must give notice to trustees, members and recognised trade
unions, three months prior to the surrender of the contracting out certificate.

Only one month's notice is required if there is no recognised trade union or if
it agrees to the changes.

Q Can incentives be offered to get members to transfer out of a DFB scheme?

A A recent trend has emerged for under-funded schemes to offer 'incentives' to
members (deferred or otherwise) to transfer benefits away from the scheme. These
incentives have taken the form of cash payments to transferring members - which
will attract income tax/national insurance liabilities - or enhanced transfer
values, where members are offered an enhancement to the cash equivalent value of
the benefits they hold in the under-funded scheme.

Q What levels of closure can be considered?

A There are several levels of closure or alternatives to full closure of a
scheme. These include:

Move to career average earnings

Change the scheme accrual rate

Close to future accrual

Close to new members

Increase retirement age

Ask the members to contribute more

The employer could even consider increasing its own contribution.

Q What continuing obligations will there be on employers once a scheme is
closed?

A The Occupational Pension Schemes (winding up and deficiency on winding up etc.
(Amendment)) Regulations 2004 requires members' benefits to be bought out in
full if the employer is not insolvent at the start of the wind up. Some schemes
will close as a result of merger / acquisition activity. Members of schemes
affected in this way have some statutory protection. Staff acquired as a result
of TUPE have protection via the Transfer of Employment (Pension Protection)
Regulations 2005 made under the Pensions Act 2004. They must be given pension
benefits if they were:

Active members of a scheme to which the former employer contributed; or

Eligible to become active members of such a scheme; or

Would have become eligible members of such a scheme after a longer period of
employment.

Q What particular issues must be confronted when closing a final salary pension
scheme?

A The effect on employee relations should be considered. The closure of such a
scheme could result in a significant level of disengagement and all the problems
that could result. If the employer is a significant company, then brand issues
could follow as the closure will undoubtedly be deemed newsworthy. This is
unlikely to be an issue for most employers, however.

The biggest issue, in my view,is that of funding. Most schemes are in deficit.
The recent turmoil in equity markets, fall in bond yields and increasing
longevity among the UK population, means that the position for most schemes will
be deteriorating rather than improving. A scheme may not wind up without being
fully funded on a buy-out basis and for a scheme in deficit to reach such a
point, it is likely to require a (relatively) massive financial commitment from
the sponsoring employer. A financially robust employer might consider this
commitment. However, most will want to consider alternatives to full closure as
outlined above.

Q What legal recourse might members who are unhappy about a closure have in
challenging it?

A Members who are unhappy may have recourse via the courts, but it is likely
that robustly drafted contracts and terms and conditions of employment will
offer the employer sufficient protection against this. The involvement of a
trade union could help the employee in trying to negotiate a more satisfactory
outcome. While many employers will undoubtedly be taking advantage of the
current economic situation to investigate the closure of their scheme, so too
will many be looking at ways in which they can continue to participate in their
employees' financial future, without jeopardising, their own.

Paul Rodgers is an employee benefits consultant in the Financial Services
Division of The Wilson Organisation.

Defined contribution pensions - a case of pot luck?

www.personneltoday.com/50207.article

Pensions Regulator warns firms over cutting pension contributions

www.personneltoday.com/49486.article

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2009 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 22, 1992

BYLINE: David Thomas is managing director of Thomas Spencer and Associates.

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 3a

LENGTH: 856 words


THE majority of employees in Hongkong belong to a retirement scheme or provident
fund of one kind or another.

Provident funds generally fall into two categories:

Defined contribution schemes where the employer/employee makes a fixed
contribution to the scheme and the member receives the value of these
contributions, plus growth, on leaving service or retirement.

Defined benefit schemes where the final benefit is determined from the outset -
a multiple of final salary - and contributions to the scheme that fluctuate
according to salary increases, investment performance etc.  Employers'
contributions to a provident fund that has received approval from the Inland
Revenue Department can be allowable as a deduction against Hongkong profits tax.
Employees' contributions are not deductible against salaries tax.  There are
12,000 schemes in Hongkong that have been "approved" by the Inland Revenue.

There are probably a similar number of "unapproved" schemes where pension
promises have been made to employees, but these are either totally unfunded.
Benefits are paid out of current cash flow, or held in the form of a "book
reserve" in the company accounts.

In either case the employees are not protected if something happens to the
employer's business.  In January 1986, the Hongkong Government introduced an
amendment to the Employment Ordinance requiring every employer to pay a minimum
benefit to employees, known as the "Long Service payment Award", on retirement
or redundancy.

This award, which is calculated according to the employees length of service
with the company and his/her final full months salary, is already an onerous
liability on many employers.

While the receipt of the award is taxable in the hands of the employee, an
important proviso is that an employer can offset the long service liability by
those benefits provided under an approved provident fund arising from employers'
contributions.

As well as receiving a tax deduction on contributions paid into an approved
fund, the benefits from an approved scheme are tax free on receipt by the
employee.  Since 1985, the Hongkong Government has sought to introduce
legislation to regulate the provident fund industry in Hongkong.

It was thought that, if the Government was to continue to resist the
introduction of a Central Provident Fund, as there is in Singapore, it would
have to be seen to be doing something to regulate and encourage the development
of occupational retirement schemes in the private sector.  After a series of
unsuccessful bills, the Hongkong Government introduced the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Bill in April.

This legislation aims to introduce measures by which all Hongkong private sector
retirement schemes will in future be regulated. The main principles of the 1992
bill are as follows:

All existing retirement schemes must be registered by a new body, the Registrar
of Occupational Retirement Schemes, within a certain period, likely to be two
years.

All schemes should be funded such that assets will be sufficient to cover all
members entitlement on leaving service.

Assets of the scheme must be separate from the employer.

Schemes should be established under trust or with an authorised insurer.
Schemes under trust may be governed by the laws of Hongkong or some other
jurisdiction, but at least one trustee must be independent from the employer.

A solicitor must confirm that the scheme complies with the provisions of the
legislation and an accountant must confirm that proper financial records will be
kept. An actuarial certificate will also be required for "defined benefit"
schemes.

Every scheme must nominate a designated person who will have many duties
concerning the schemes, as well as being the first point of contact with the
Registrar. For a Hongkong trust, this will be the trustee(s) and, for an insured
scheme, it will be the insurer. For overseas trusts, it is envisaged there will
be a local liaison agent for the offshore trustee.

The designated person must submit an annual return for the scheme, the annual
audited accounts and the auditor's report to the Registrar.

Actuarial reviews must be undertaken and actuarial certificates issued at least
once every three years for "defined benefit" schemes.

Not more than 10 per cent of the assets of the scheme may be invested in
securities issued by the employer. No loans from the scheme are permitted to the
employer.

Powers of intervention will be given to the registrar in cases where schemes are
improperly administered or financed.  Members of contributory schemes with more
than 50 members will have the right to establish consultative committees which
will have the right to receive certain limited information regarding the assets
of the scheme and the accounts.

Certain information must be disclosed to members including the provision of an
annual statement of individual benefits.

It is expected the bill, which has generally received the support of the
industry due to the sensible nature of its proposals, will be enacted in the
forthcoming Legislative Council session.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              410 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 18, 1992

How secure is your plan for retirement?

BYLINE: By DAVID THOMAS

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 3a

LENGTH: 890 words


THE majority of employees in Hongkong belong to a retirement scheme or provident
fund of one kind or another.

Provident funds generally fall into two categories: Defined contribution schemes
where the employer/employee makes a fixed contribution to the scheme and the
member receives the value of these contributions, plus growth, on leaving
service or retirement.  Defined benefit schemes where the final benefit is
determined from the outset - a multiple of final salary - and contributions to
the scheme that fluctuate according to salary increases, investment performance
etc.  Employers' contributions to a provident fund that has received approval
from the Inland Revenue Department can be allowable as a deduction against
Hongkong profits tax. Employees' contributions are not deductible against
salaries tax.  There are 12,000 schemes in Hongkong that have been "approved" by
the Inland Revenue.

There are probably a similar number of "unapproved" schemes where pension
promises have been made to employees, but these are either totally unfunded.
Benefits are paid out of current cash flow, or held in the form of a "book
reserve" in the company accounts.

In either case the employees are not protected if something happens to the
employer's business.  In January 1986, the Hongkong Government introduced an
amendment to the Employment Ordinance requiring every employer to pay a minimum
benefit to employees, known as the "Long Service payment Award", on retirement
or redundancy.

This award, which is calculated according to the employees length of service
with the company and his/her final full months salary, is already an onerous
liability on many employers.

While the receipt of the award is taxable in the hands of the employee, an
important proviso is that an employer can offset the long service liability by
those benefits provided under an approved provident fund arising from employers'
contributions.

As well as receiving a tax deduction on contributions paid into an approved
fund, the benefits from an approved scheme are tax free on receipt by the
employee.  Since 1985, the Hongkong Government has sought to introduce
legislation to regulate the provident fund industry in Hongkong.

It was thought that, if the Government was to continue to resist the
introduction of a Central Provident Fund, as there is in Singapore, it would
have to be seen to be doing something to regulate and encourage the development
of occupational retirement schemes in the private sector.  After a series of
unsuccessful bills, the Hongkong Government introduced the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Bill in April.

This legislation aims to introduce measures by which all Hongkong private sector
retirement schemes will in future be regulated. The main principles of the 1992
bill are as follows: All existing retirement schemes must be registered by a new
body, the Registrar of Occupational Retirement Schemes, within a certain period,
likely to be two years.  All schemes should be funded such that assets will be
sufficient to cover all members entitlement on leaving service.  Assets of the
scheme must be separate from the employer.  Schemes should be established under
trust or with an authorised insurer.  Schemes under trust may be governed by the
laws of Hongkong or some other jurisdiction, but at least one trustee must be
independent from the employer.  A solicitor must confirm that the scheme
complies with the provisions of the legislation and an accountant must confirm
that proper financial records will be kept. An actuarial certificate will also
be required for "defined benefit" schemes.  Every scheme must nominate a
designated person who will have many duties concerning the schemes, as well as
being the first point of contact with the Registrar. For a Hongkong trust, this
will be the trustee(s) and, for an insured scheme, it will be the insurer. For
overseas trusts, it is envisaged there will be a local liaison agent for the
offshore trustee.  The designated person must submit an annual return for the
scheme, the annual audited accounts and the auditor's report to the Registrar.
Actuarial reviews must be undertaken and actuarial certificates issued at least
once every three years for "defined benefit" schemes.  Not more than 10 per cent
of the assets of the scheme may be invested in securities issued by the
employer. No loans from the scheme are permitted to the employer.  Powers of
intervention will be given to the registrar in cases where schemes are
improperly administered or financed.  Members of contributory schemes with more
than 50 members will have the right to establish consultative committees which
will have the right to receive certain limited information regarding the assets
of the scheme, the accounts etc.  Certain information must be disclosed to
members including the provision of an annual statement of individual benefits.
It is expected the bill, which has generally received the support of the
industry due to the sensible nature of its proposals, will be enacted in the
forthcoming Legislative Council session.

It is unlikely those managing properly administered schemes have anything to
fear from these new measures, other than the costs that will arise from
compliance.  David Thomas is managing director of Thomas Spencer and Associates.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              411 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              April 4, 1993 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Politicians' super fund faces review

BYLINE: Mark Forbes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 585 words


THE state politicians' superannuation scheme will be reviewed along with other
public-sector schemes, according to the Treasurer, Alan Stockdale.

Despite attacking the generosity of public-sector schemes and saying their
benefits must be cut, Mr Stockdale declined to criticise politicians' benefits.

Superannuation specialists told `The Sunday Age' that politicians' benefits were
more generous than those of the public-sector scheme.

Their studies showed that the politicians' scheme might be four times more
generous than private-sector schemes.

The Government will outline programs to reform the public-sector schemes on
Wednesday. Mr Stockdale said the schemes, with unfunded liabilities of
$19billion, would become insolvent if present policies continued.

The schemes threatened to cripple the Government's ability to provide services,
he said. Payouts under the schemes had jumped from $164million in 1982 to
$800million last year.

He said any concentration on payments to politicians trivialised an issue that
threatened to cripple the state Budget.

The general manager of CSA Consulting Group, James Benson, said the politicians'
scheme was extremely generous. "Looking at the figures over 10 years, the
public-sector scheme will never amount to the same benefits as the politicians'
scheme," he said.

Mr Benson said he used conservative figures to calculate the politicians'
benefits. Politicians received 60per cent or more of their annual salary as a
lifetime pension, or could receive 10 times that as a lump sum.

The Finance Minister, Ian Smith, who is advocating the superannuation changes,
received a $250,000 payout from the politicians' scheme when he left Parliament
for two years in 1983. He is now in line for a second payout.

After the October election, 29 former MPs shared $12.3 million in payouts. The
former Premier, John Cain, received $710,000, and the president of the upper
house, Alan Hunt, $700,000.

Mr Stockdale said the public-service scheme was among the most generous in
Australia, if not the world, but denied the same could be said of the
politicians' scheme.

He would not agree that MPs should be placed on the same benefit levels as
public servants.

Some Coalition MPs suggest that any change in their benefits would not be
supported, but Mr Stockdale said he was prepared to take on the back bench if
need be. "No scheme, including the parliamentary scheme is exempt from
scrutiny," he said.

The most pressing problem was not the unfunded liabilities but the increasing
demand on the Budget to meet the payouts.

HOW THE SUPERANNUATION SCHEMES COMPARE
       Benefit at age 55   Contribution     Proportion of
                                              members
       after 10 years                       salary needed
       to be
       of membership*                        paid if the
       schemes
       were fully
       funded
       Politician scheme     $696,650         Member: 11.5%pa   Member:
       11.5%pa
       Employer: varies
       Employer:54.5%pa
       Public sector         $277,301         Member: 7.0%pa    Member: 7.0%
       scheme                                 Employer: varies  Employer:
       18.8.%pa
       Private sector        $176,506         Member: 7.0%      Member: 7.0%
       scheme                                 Employer: 9.0%    Employer:
       9.0.%pa
       *Based on initial salaries of $57,800.
 To qualify for a payout before
       15 years a politician must be defeated at an ensuing election or pre-
       selection.

 Source:CSA Consulting Group


LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 992 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                     Canadean - Major Products and Services

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 22, 2013

                              United Bank of India

                            11, Hemanta basu Sarani
                                Kolkata 700 001
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
The company's key products and services includes:

PRODUCTS:  Product:Deposit schemes:, United tax savings growth plan, United tax
savings income plan, United bonanza savings schemes, Fixed deposits,
Re-investment plans, United bonanza current deposit schemes, Recurring deposit,
United flexi deposit schemes, United anand deposit schemes, Capital gains
accounts schemes, Savings bank account, United children savings account, United
basic sb account, United current deposit account, United gold and platinum
current deposit schemesUtility schemes:, Nri (non-resident indian), United
mobile services, Forex, United suraksha yojana, Rtgs (real time gross
settlement), Oltas, Collection of tax, E-paymentRetail credit schemes:, United
housing loan scheme, United smart loan scheme, United housing loan for
pensioners, United personal loan scheme for salaried persons, United demand loan
scheme, United personal loan scheme for pensioners, United festival loan scheme,
United tour & travel credit scheme, United car loan scheme, United consumer loan
scheme, United education loan scheme, United shikshak samman yojana, United nari
samman yojana, United trade credit, United mortgage loan scheme, United cash
rental,
SERVICES:  Corporate banking services,



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *







LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013


                              413 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 June 29, 2004

Plugging the cash drain of retirement;As we await the new Pensions Bill to work
its way through Parliament, alarm is being expressed at a gaping loophole which
could undermine the government's good intentions

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1376 words


Everyone from actuaries and consumer watchdogs to business leaders has expressed
serious concerns about the new Pensions Bill which is currently working its way
through Parliament. This is despite the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions
claiming that it will create: "Simplicity, security and choice". In the bill the
government is proposing two key measures, which are intended to give greater
protection to final salary schemes.

First a new Pensions Protection Fund (PPF) promises to guarantee 90% up to a
defined cash limit of an employee's pension in the event of an employer going
bust.

The government also aims to make regulation of workplace schemes more robust.
The current Occupational Pension Regulatory Authority will be merged into a new
Pensions Regulator which is to be given draconian powers to freeze assets of
pension schemes and force employers to make up shortfalls.

It is estimated that Britain has around nine million employees in final salary
schemes, although many of these will not be covered by the PPF as the government
has exempted underfunded public sector schemes.

However, it has been pointed out that there is a gaping loophole in the bill
which allows the Secretary of State to reduce these PPF payments at any time -
which seems to run contrary to the whole aim of the Bill. Worryingly it is also
the case that the present US scheme, on which the British scheme is modelled, is
close to collapse at more than $ 11bn in the red.

In fact the Association of Consulting Actuaries (ACA) believes that government
measures designed to promote company pension schemes are more likely to have the
opposite effect. Research carried out by the ACA among small firms found that
51% believed the measures in the Pension Bill would lead to a fall in the number
of companies offering occupational schemes, and fewer than one in 10 firms
thought it would lead to an increase.

Furthermore, nearly 90% of small firms thought the contents of the bill would
either increase or fail to affect the cost of offering a scheme, despite
government claims that it should save firms £ 130m a year.

The findings come as more and more smaller companies are closing their final
salary pension schemes to new members.

According to the research, just 29% of smaller firms still offer a final salary
scheme, and among these only a third are still open to new members.

At the same time, three-quarters of firms had been advised to increase the
contributions made into final salary schemes because of deficits, and combined
employer and employee contributions now average 21% of earnings.

ACA added that employers' contributions into final salary schemes were around
three times higher than they were into defined contribution schemes, and six
times higher than into stakeholders. Around a third of firms offered stakeholder
pension, but 44% of companies did not contribute to them.

Heather Meighan, pensions expert with PricewaterhouseCoopers, puts the situation
in context: "Basically when the Pensions Bill becomes law next year it could add
to the complexity and cost of all final salary schemes.

"This will not incentivise people to save for retirement, especially in the
light of the bad press for final salary schemes. Most of these are sitting on a
deficit."

She explains clearly why these deficits have come about: "Final salary schemes
were set up in the 1970s and 1980s before they became expensive. Giving a £
10,000 per annum pension would have cost around £ 100,000.

"With lower bond yields, greater life expectancy and the legislative requirement
to give some inflation proofing to pensions this cost has more than doubled.

"Liabilities are more conservatively valued as they are benchmarked against
bonds."

Meighan also points out that the new accounting standard FRS 17, which forces
companies to account for pension assets and liabilities on the balance sheet,
will have an effect on company pensions when it takes effect next year.
Companies that have adopted the standard in advance have seen huge impacts on
their profits. Indeed it is estimated that FTSE 100 companies' pension schemes
liabilities exceed their assets by more than £ 55bn. The deficits would still be
there whether or not FRS17 existed, the point is that FRS17 has simply raised
the awareness of the volatility of pensions plans and has made deficits more
visible.

Increasing life expectancy and falls in the stock market and interest rates have
all played a part in making pensions more expensive. The government's abolition
of dividend tax relief and the erosion of the value of the National Insurance
rebate have also had a significant impact.

As a result, many employers are putting in huge amounts to make up funding
shortfalls in their defined benefit schemes. The average employer contribution
was 16.2% but some companies were contributing between 30 and 60% of payroll.

''Many employers are having to contribute large, unplanned amounts to final
salary schemes, which explains why so many companies have now closed them to new
members."

Those increased pension costs also threaten the long-term competitiveness of UK
firms as they impact on profits and investment. Half of all firms said profits
had been hit and nearly a quarter had been forced to reduce investment in the
business.

Final salary schemes have been described as the 'Rolls Royce' of pensions. They
were designed to be the most secure schemes around, paying members an annual
income during retirement, based on a fixed proportion of wages.

However more than 350 British final salary schemes have now been wound up,
leaving more than 60,000 workers, who were told their schemes were guaranteed,
with severely depleted pensions, or nothing at all.

The risk for the nine million people currently contributing to final salary
pension schemes is that they don't actually own them.

The assets may well be secure, but they may not be sufficient to provide the
promised benefits in full in the event of the company going bust or being taken
over.

But there are realistic alternatives to the doomsday scenario of wiped out
pensions and no compensation. Companies are changing the types of pension they
offer.

"Final salary schemes have never been secure," says PwC's Meighan. "For
employers the final salary scheme involves cost, volatility, business risk and
the issue of whether employees actually value it. For the employee the issues
are safety, security and wanting a company pension."

However, she points out that there are viable alternatives: "Companies are now
putting in place different schemes, mainly money purchase schemes which are also
known as defined contributions schemes.

"The main advantage of money purchase schemes is that the employer has a known
cost and the company is not subject to fluctuations in profit resulting from
stock market falls.

"From the members perspective, their pension fund will be in their own name but
they will not know what the fund will buy as a pension until they retire.

In the last two years, according to a CBI survey, 41% of firms running defined
benefit schemes have switched to defined contribution for new employees. A
further 10% are expected to switch to defined contribution over the next year.

Some two thirds of employers have kept defined benefit schemes for existing
employees, but only 24% of companies now offer them to new employees - half the
number of 10 years ago.

The good news is that employers are committed to pensions with almost all
offering schemes or contributions. But as costs and risks have risen they are
paying a huge price for that commitment, especially for defined benefit schemes.

The CBI says that defined contribution schemes will dominate in the next decade
representing the main form of pension for 60% of companies.

Heather Meighan, at PwC, notes that there is growing interest in hybrid schemes
in which employers and employees share the risk and the contributions to a
scheme. It is likely that in future retirement planning will not be solely
around pension products and will become much more flexible and involve new
products which will look at an individual's total wealth in retirment.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: NO SUNNY OUTLOOK: The risk for the nine million people contributing to
final salary pension schemes is that they don't actually own them

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2004 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              414 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday

your Nest egg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Personal Finance

LENGTH: 744 words


With defined benefit schemes closing for new members, what can workers now
expect when they reach retirement age asks Joanne Doherty

MORE than half of defined benefit pension schemes are now closed to new members.
But closing them is not necessarily the answer and could actually be
counter-productive for companies.

Firstly, you might ask, what is a defined benefit scheme? Defined benefit
schemes are those which provide their members with a guaranteed benefit on
retirement.

The level of pension is based on the member's final salary before retirement and
the number of years of service the member had with the employer.

The benefits are usually funded by a fixed contribution by employees, with the
employer funding the balance.

Defined contribution schemes, by contrast, do not guarantee benefits on
retirement. The member and employer contribute a fixed percentage of the
members' salary.

The amount of benefit on retirement will depend on the level of contributions
received, the investment performance of those contributions, and the cost of
buying a pension with those funds on a member's retirement date.

The defined benefit model was traditionally the basis for most pension schemes
in Ireland, but a number of factors have affected the viability of these plans
over the past decade.

As a result, many employers found these schemes too expensive to operate. Some
transferred all employees' benefits to defined contribution schemes.

Some closed their defined benefit schemes to new entrants.

With an estimated 55pc of defined benefit schemes now closed to new entrants, it
would appear that employers were, and still are to some extent, turning their
backs on defined pension schemes.

So how did this come about?

The pressures put on defined benefit schemes were two-fold: The decline in
investment returns and the increase in the cost of annuities.

The Pensions Act 1990,imposed a duty on trustees of defined benefit schemes to
employ an actuary to carry out a report on the scheme every three-and-a-half
years.

The actuary would have to quantify the amount of assets and liabilities within
the scheme, and certify that the scheme had enough assets to cover all
liabilities should the scheme be shut down, or "wound up", on the date of the
valuation. This was called the funding standard.

Meeting this standard was not an issue until the market started to perform badly
between 2000 and 2003, when many schemes ended up in deficit. At the same time
the cost of purchasing annuities began to rise as a result of increased life
expectancy. This contributed further to the negative funding level of schemes.

If a scheme could not meet the funding standard, the actuary would have to
submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board, which usually entailed the
employer contributing a substantial sum into the scheme to return it to a funded
position.

While defined contribution schemes do not necessarily provide a lesser benefit,
the way they are structured means that the investment risk is taken on by the
member. There are also concerns that contributions made by both members and
employers are generally insufficient to provide adequate pension benefits on
retirement.

So what of the future? The traditional defined benefit structure is not
affordable for many employers.

However, closing the defined benefit scheme is not necessarily the answer. It
will be some time before any cost benefit to the employer will become apparent.

Also, closed defined benefit schemes become quite costly to run over time, as
there are no new members coming in.

Some employers have been creative in forming new types of pension schemes over
recent years. A hybrid scheme is one where the member's benefits are guaranteed
up to a capped salary level. Any contributions above this salary level will be
invested on a defined contribution basis.

The advantage of this system is that there is some comfort to the member that
they will be getting a predictable income on their retirement date, and they
will not be bearing the entire investment risk.

For the employer, the amount of possible liabilities is reduced, and future
contributions will be at a more manageable level.

Finally, in order to ensure that defined benefit structures do not disappear,
both members and employers should be willing to negotiate on the type and
structure of their pension scheme.

Joanne Doherty is a solicitor with the Pensions Unit of legal firm O'Donnell,
Sweeney, Eversheds, Dublin.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday

your Nest egg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Personal Finance

LENGTH: 744 words


With defined benefit schemes closing for new members, what can workers now
expect when they reach retirement age asks Joanne Doherty

MORE than half of defined benefit pension schemes are now closed to new members.
But closing them is not necessarily the answer and could actually be
counter-productive for companies.

Firstly, you might ask, what is a defined benefit scheme? Defined benefit
schemes are those which provide their members with a guaranteed benefit on
retirement.

The level of pension is based on the member's final salary before retirement and
the number of years of service the member had with the employer.

The benefits are usually funded by a fixed contribution by employees, with the
employer funding the balance.

Defined contribution schemes, by contrast, do not guarantee benefits on
retirement. The member and employer contribute a fixed percentage of the
members' salary.

The amount of benefit on retirement will depend on the level of contributions
received, the investment performance of those contributions, and the cost of
buying a pension with those funds on a member's retirement date.

The defined benefit model was traditionally the basis for most pension schemes
in Ireland, but a number of factors have affected the viability of these plans
over the past decade.

As a result, many employers found these schemes too expensive to operate. Some
transferred all employees' benefits to defined contribution schemes.

Some closed their defined benefit schemes to new entrants.

With an estimated 55pc of defined benefit schemes now closed to new entrants, it
would appear that employers were, and still are to some extent, turning their
backs on defined pension schemes.

So how did this come about?

The pressures put on defined benefit schemes were two-fold: The decline in
investment returns and the increase in the cost of annuities.

The Pensions Act 1990,imposed a duty on trustees of defined benefit schemes to
employ an actuary to carry out a report on the scheme every three-and-a-half
years.

The actuary would have to quantify the amount of assets and liabilities within
the scheme, and certify that the scheme had enough assets to cover all
liabilities should the scheme be shut down, or "wound up", on the date of the
valuation. This was called the funding standard.

Meeting this standard was not an issue until the market started to perform badly
between 2000 and 2003, when many schemes ended up in deficit. At the same time
the cost of purchasing annuities began to rise as a result of increased life
expectancy. This contributed further to the negative funding level of schemes.

If a scheme could not meet the funding standard, the actuary would have to
submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board, which usually entailed the
employer contributing a substantial sum into the scheme to return it to a funded
position.

While defined contribution schemes do not necessarily provide a lesser benefit,
the way they are structured means that the investment risk is taken on by the
member. There are also concerns that contributions made by both members and
employers are generally insufficient to provide adequate pension benefits on
retirement.

So what of the future? The traditional defined benefit structure is not
affordable for many employers.

However, closing the defined benefit scheme is not necessarily the answer. It
will be some time before any cost benefit to the employer will become apparent.

Also, closed defined benefit schemes become quite costly to run over time, as
there are no new members coming in.

Some employers have been creative in forming new types of pension schemes over
recent years. A hybrid scheme is one where the member's benefits are guaranteed
up to a capped salary level. Any contributions above this salary level will be
invested on a defined contribution basis.

The advantage of this system is that there is some comfort to the member that
they will be getting a predictable income on their retirement date, and they
will not be bearing the entire investment risk.

For the employer, the amount of possible liabilities is reduced, and future
contributions will be at a more manageable level.

Finally, in order to ensure that defined benefit structures do not disappear,
both members and employers should be willing to negotiate on the type and
structure of their pension scheme.

Joanne Doherty is a solicitor with the Pensions Unit of legal firm O'Donnell,
Sweeney, Eversheds, Dublin.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

KP govt announces Rs 161 bln ADP in annual budget for fiscal year 2016-17

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 167

LENGTH: 808  words


Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government in its annual  budget for the upcoming fiscal
2016-17, has announced an ambitious Annual Development Programme (ADP) with an
outlay of Rs 161 billion for execution of 1516 schemes.

According to budget documents, the Rs 161 billion ADP contains an amount of Rs
36 billion as aid by foreign countries. The provincial share of ADP is Rs 125
billion out of which Rs 12 billion is loan. Under the Annual Development
Programme for the year 2016-17, work on

1516 developmental schemes will be launched out of which 1237 are ongoing and
279 are new.

In the ADP, maximum fund has been reserved for ongoing schemes with

the focus of completing them on time, said Finance Minister, Muzaffar Said in
his budget speech at Provincial Assembly.

KP Finance Minister also named those countries which are providing aid to KP and
thanked governments of England, Japan, EU, America, Norway, Germany, Swizerland,
Italy, Australia and some international institutions including UNs, World Bank,
USAID and Asian Development Bank for providing aid to KP which is also increased
from existing Rs 32.88 billion to Rs 36 billion.

This foreign aid will be spent on 59 developmental schemes during the next
fiscal starting from July 2016, Finance Minister added.

Giving the break-up of Rs 161 billion ADP, Finance Minister said Rs 12.45
billion has been earmarked for Education sector for which 72  schemes have been
planned. Among these 72 schemes, 64 are ongoing for which Rs 10 billion is
reserved and eight are new schemes to be completed at Rs 2.42 billion.

The major schemes in Education sector is construction of 160 new primary schools
for both boys and girls, construction of 100 new secondary schools, conversion
of 100 Religious seminaries into primary schools, establishment of 200 smart
schools in the province, construction

of 500 new IT Laboraties, setting up of 1300 community schools for girls basic
education and construction of six cluster hostels for female.

Similarly, for Higher Education a total of 60 schemes have been planned for
completion of which Rs. 4.78 billion is reserved. Among 60 schemes, 45 are
ongoing and 15 are new.

For Health sector, the ADP contained an allocation of Rs 10.54 billion

to be utilized on completion of 93 schemes. The major schemes in Health sector
are completion of Peshawar Institute of Cardiology, upgradation of Swat and Dir
hospitals, construction of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical College in Peshawar and
improvement of service structure of all district and tehsil headquarters
hospitals.

The ADP also contained 59 schemes for promotion of Tourism, culture and

sports for which an amount of Rs 3.11 billion is earmarked.

An amount of Rs 110 million is earmarked for fulfilling basic needs of

minority community of the province.

For Communication sector, 330 schemes have been planned in the ADP which

will be completed at a cost of Rs 10.80 billion.

For the Housing sector, an amount of Rs 540 million has been reserved

for execution of 11 developmental schemes.

In the ADP for the fiscal year 2016-17, 27 schemes have been planned

for Urban development with an amount of Rs 5.55 billion. The major schemes under
this head included preparation of design for construction of interchange at
Peshawar Ring road, repair and obsolete drinking water

pipes and beautification of all the divisional headquarters.

The ADP also include 89 schemes for provision of clean drinking water to people
in the province. The schemes would be completed at a cost of Rs 4.15 billion.
For Energy sector, 33 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 40 million
has been reserved for it.

For Irrigation sector, 208 schemes have been planned in ADP which will be
completed at a cost of Rs 6.93 billion.

About 45 schemes have been planned for Agriculture sector for which Rs 3.98
billion will be reserved.

For development of Industry sector, an amount of Rs 1.46 billion has been
reserved which will be utilized for execution of 26 schemes.  For Mineral sector
21 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 620 million has been reserved
for it.

For Forest sector, 51 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 2 billion is
reserved for completion of these projects.  An amount of Rs 60 million is
reserved for execution of seven schemes in environment sector of the province.

For Information sector, five schemes have been planned with a total cost of Rs
180 million.

Similarly, for Local Government system, an amount of Rs 6 billion is reserved in
the ADP to be utilized over 36 schemes.  The provincial government has planned
39 schemes for the Multi Sectoral Development Programme and for this an amount
of Rs 3.24 billion has been reserved for it.

For provincial interior department and amount of Rs 2.42 billion is reserved for
execution of 59 schemes including establishment of phase II of Joint Police
Training Center at Nowshera.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

KP govt announces Rs 161 bln ADP in annual budget for fiscal year 2016-17

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, June 15 -- Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government in its annual

budget for the upcoming fiscal 2016-17, has announced an ambitious Annual
Development Programme (ADP) with an outlay of Rs 161 billion for execution of
1516 schemes.

According to budget documents, the Rs 161 billion ADP contains an

amount of Rs 36 billion as aid by foreign countries. The provincial

share of ADP is Rs 125 billion out of which Rs 12 billion is loan.

Under the Annual Development Programme for the year 2016-17, work on

1516 developmental schemes will be launched out of which 1237 are

ongoing and 279 are new.

In the ADP, maximum fund has been reserved for ongoing schemes with

the focus of completing them on time, said Finance Minister, Muzaffar

Said in his budget speech at Provincial Assembly.

KP Finance Minister also named those countries which are providing

aid to KP and thanked governments of England, Japan, EU, America, Norway,
Germany, Swizerland, Italy, Australia and some international institutions
including UNs, World Bank, USAID and Asian Development Bank for providing aid to
KP which is also increased from existing Rs 32.88 billion to Rs 36 billion.

This foreign aid will be spent on 59 developmental schemes during the

next fiscal starting from July 2016, Finance Minister added.

Giving the break-up of Rs 161 billion ADP, Finance Minister said Rs

12.45 billion has been earmarked for Education sector for which 72

schemes have been planned. Among these 72 schemes, 64 are ongoing for

which Rs 10 billion is reserved and eight are new schemes to be completed

at Rs 2.42 billion.

The major schemes in Education sector is construction of 160 new

primary schools for both boys and girls, construction of 100 new

secondary schools, conversion of 100 Religious seminaries into primary schools,
establishment of 200 smart schools in the province, construction

of 500 new IT Laboraties, setting up of 1300 community schools for girls basic
education and construction of six cluster hostels for female.

Similarly, for Higher Education a total of 60 schemes have been planned

for completion of which Rs. 4.78 billion is reserved. Among 60 schemes, 45 are
ongoing and 15 are new.

For Health sector, the ADP contained an allocation of Rs 10.54 billion

to be utilized on completion of 93 schemes. The major schemes in Health sector
are completion of Peshawar Institute of Cardiology, upgradation of Swat and Dir
hospitals, construction of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical College in Peshawar and
improvement of service structure of all district and tehsil headquarters
hospitals.

The ADP also contained 59 schemes for promotion of Tourism, culture and

sports for which an amount of Rs 3.11 billion is earmarked.

An amount of Rs 110 million is earmarked for fulfilling basic needs of

minority community of the province.

For Communication sector, 330 schemes have been planned in the ADP which

will be completed at a cost of Rs 10.80 billion.

For the Housing sector, an amount of Rs 540 million has been reserved

for execution of 11 developmental schemes.

In the ADP for the fiscal year 2016-17, 27 schemes have been planned

for Urban development with an amount of Rs 5.55 billion. The major schemes under
this head included preparation of design for construction of interchange at
Peshawar Ring road, repair and obsolete drinking water

pipes and beautification of all the divisional headquarters.

The ADP also include 89 schemes for provision of clean drinking water

to people in the province. The schemes would be completed at a cost of Rs 4.15
billion.

For Energy sector, 33 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 40

million has been reserved for it.

For Irrigation sector, 208 schemes have been planned in ADP which will

be completed at a cost of Rs 6.93 billion.

About 45 schemes have been planned for Agriculture sector for which Rs

3.98 billion will be reserved.

For development of Industry sector, an amount of Rs 1.46 billion has

been reserved which will be utilized for execution of 26 schemes.

For Mineral sector 21 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 620

million has been reserved for it.

For Forest sector, 51 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 2

billion is reserved for completion of these projects.

An amount of Rs 60 million is reserved for execution of seven schemes

in environment sector of the province.

For Information sector, five schemes have been planned with a total cost

of Rs 180 million.

Similarly, for Local Government system, an amount of Rs 6 billion is

reserved in the ADP to be utilized over 36 schemes.

The provincial government has planned 39 schemes for the Multi Sectoral

Development Programme and for this an amount of Rs 3.24 billion has been
reserved for it.

For provincial interior department and amount of Rs 2.42 billion is

reserved for execution of 59 schemes including establishment of phase II

of Joint Police Training Center at Nowshera

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 17, 2016

Independence avoids conflicts of interest

BYLINE: Margaret O'Brien

LENGTH: 924 words



HIGHLIGHT: James Kavanagh of Trustee Decisions says pension scheme trustees must
operate independently and impartially


Trustee Decisions provides impartial and independent trusteeship as well as
advice to private and public group pension schemes.

Explaining what it means to be independent, managing director James Kavanagh
said: "Quite simply, to be impartial in your trusteeship and to be independent
of any conflict of interest. Many occupational pension schemes in Ireland have
well-placed trustee professionals, but if you look closely, you can see the same
firm through the corporate veil is offering services to the corporate as well as
the trustee board, and this is simply conflicted."

He said: "One-man schemes can often have their principal employer - for whom the
directors are also the beneficiaries - as trustees. The Pensions Regulator,
Brendan Kennedy, is on record stating that this is something which he would like
to see eradicated. A change in the legislation to align such schemes to a Master
Trust may be one solution here.

"A type of hybrid scheme, called a Small Self-Administered Pension (SSAP) scheme
, requires a pensioneer trustee as approved by the Revenue Commissioners, so
this is not as much an issue here. For schemes from 20 to over 1,000 active
members, the conflict of interest feature is becoming a very clear issue.

"If you are a director of a company which is sponsoring a pension scheme and a
representative of the principal employer, remember to declare any conflict of
interest, and have it recorded in the minutes of a trustee meeting. The
appointment of an experienced independent trustee company can support better
governance in this instance."

The Pensions Authority and the Revenue Commissioners have clear guidelines on
who can or cannot apply to be a trustee. "In addition, authorisation to operate
as a 'trust or company service provider' is required from the Minister for
Justice as set out in the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist
Financing) Act 2010," said Kavanagh.

"Since 2012, a requirement has been in place for a trustee to undergo training
every two years. A newly appointed trustee has up to six months to receive
training. Employers are responsible for the training of trustees of a pension
scheme, but the employer is not required to arrange or provide training to a
professional trustee."

According to Kavanagh, the biggest challenge for Defined Benefit (DB) schemes is
managing the ongoing employer covenant relative to the funding position of the
scheme. "A growing number of sponsors of DB schemes are making the decision to
close and eventually wind up their schemes in favour of Defined Contribution
(DC) schemes, where the certainty of cost is much more transparent. This leads
to a job of work for trustees who have to distribute the assets, fairly and in
accordance with governing trust documents. It means dealing with pension scheme
consultants, actuaries, legal advisers and possibly even the Pensions Authority
itself. It is complicated."

For DC schemes, the challenge is ensuring the investment strategies and the fund
managers are all fit for purpose, to best support the sponsor and achieve
effective communication with employees to engage with their pension scheme to
get the best out of it. Members of DC schemes carry the investment risk, unlike
DB schemes, so competent, financially astute and experienced trustees are
required here."

Kavanagh advised trustees of DB schemes to refocus on the Liability Driven
Investment (LDI) strategy or redo an Asset Liability Management (AML) profile.

"Challenge whether a portion of the pension scheme would benefit from an
independent consultant? Ask your adviser what 'implemented consulting' means for
a DC scheme; it may be that some 80 per cent of members default to any one or a
number of strategies. When was the last time the trustees reviewed this? Are the
trustees satisfied they have the choices and/or funds which are fit for purpose
and best support member needs? Have the trustees considered white-labelling?
Have the trustees considered using a lifecycle fund versus a target date fund
(TDF)?"

"Evaluate and review all appointed advisors to see how fit for purpose they are,
and to what extent do they offer value for money. This could refer to your
actuary, administrator, auditor, investment consultant, investment manager,
pension scheme consultant or risk provider."

Regarding the Pensions Authority, Kavanagh highlighted that the authority had
issued guidance on Section 48A of the Pensions Act which provides for the
payment of certain amounts by the Minister for Finance to the trustees of a
scheme, in circumstances where the resources of the scheme are not sufficient to
discharge liabilities in relation to certain benefits.

In conclusion, Kavanagh said: "Being a trustee of a pension scheme is a
significant responsibility, which requires expertise and industry-wide
experience. Trustees are often faced with challenging decisions as they attempt
to balance the interests of sponsoring employers and beneficiaries while running
their scheme in an ever-changing legislative environment.

"Trustees are responsible for ensuring that their scheme is adequately funded
and also for investing vast sums of money. It is therefore vital that trustees
are cognisant of regulatory requirements and investment markets while
understanding how to balance risk with expected returns. Trustees need to
mandate their advisers with clear unambiguous objectives and ensure they operate
unhindered by any conflict of interests."

James Kavanagh can be contacted at:  james.kavanagh@trust eedecisions.com or
tel: 01-8062750

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

How should a mutual fund investor interpret Net Asset Value

BYLINE: Prashant Mahesh

SECTION: MUTUAL FUNDS

LENGTH: 506 words


ET explains how a mutual fund investor should interpret Net Asset Value:

1. What is NAV?

Net asset value (NAV) represents a fund's per unit market value. This is the
price at which investors buy fund units from a fund company or sell it back to
the fund house. It is calculated by dividing the total value of all the assets
in a portfolio, minus all its liabilities. The NAV of a fund is calculated by
the mutual fund house itself or by an accounting firm hired by the mutual fund.

2. When is NAV calculated?

NAV calculation is impossible during market hours as the price of the underlying
holdings (say stocks) changes every minute. NAV is calculated at the end of
every market day, after taking into account the closing market prices of the
securities that the fund or scheme holds.

3. How is NAV different from the price of an equity share?

In case of corporates, the share price is quoted on the stock exchange. This
price apart from the fundamentals is also dependent on analysts view of the
company's future performance and the demand-supply scenario. Hence the market
price of a stock is different from its book value. However in the case of a
mutual fund there is no concept as market value for the MF unit. Therefore, when
we buy MF units at NAV, we are buying it at book value. At this time we are
paying the right price of the assets, be it Rs 10 or Rs 50.

4. How important is NAV for investors?

When the amount of investment in different schemes is the same, the NAVs are
irrelevant. What an investor needs to closely look at are the returns given by
the scheme.

5. What does a low and high NAV in different schemes mean?

This question is best illustrated by an example. Suppose we hypothetically
invest into two schemes A and B. Scheme A has an NAV of Rs 10 whereas Scheme B
has a NAV of Rs 50. We made equal amount of investment of Rs 1 lakh each in both
the schemes. Scheme A would come across as a cheaper buy because we got 10,000
units as against 2,000 units in Scheme B. Now, let us assume that both the
schemes return 10 per cent in a month. The NAV for scheme A is now Rs 11 and
Scheme B has an NAV of Rs 55. The value of your investment in both the cases is
Rs 1,10,000. Therefore, we see that the NAV of a scheme is irrelevant, as far as
generating returns are concerned. The only difference is, in the case of Scheme
A, the investor gets more number of units and in Scheme B, he gets lesser number
of units. For two schemes with identical portfolio and other things remaining
constant, the difference in NAV will hardly matter as long as the schemes
deliver the same returns.

6. What do the daily changes in NAV indicate?

Daily change in NAV of a mutual fund scheme indicates a rise or dip in the
assets of the scheme. However, financial planners tell investors, that when they
select a mutual fund scheme for their investments, daily changes in the NAV of
the scheme do not matter. Investors should look at the annualised return of a
fund over different time frames to judge its performance.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               December 10, 2015

Challenges, Opportunities of PRA 2014 Private Sector Pension Schemes

BYLINE: Sunday Michael Ogwu

LENGTH: 1329 words

DATELINE: Lagos


The Nigerian pension industry consists of three pillars, namely the public
sector Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) defined benefit (DB) schemes, the private sector
defined benefit (gratuity and pension) schemes and the contributory pension
schemes (CPS) under the Pension Reform Act (PRA) 2014 which repeals the PRA
2004.

Depending on a person's situation, a retired person may be entitled to
benefit(s) from either the first, second or third pillar, from the first and
third pillars, or from the second and third pillars, but not from all the three
pillars.

In a public presentation, Dr. Pius Apere, an actuarial scientist and chartered
insurer who is the Deputy Managing Director, Linkage Assurance Company Plc,
highlighted the key challenges and opportunities in the enactment of the PRA
2014 as they affect the effective management of the private sector gratuity and
pension schemes. The private sector schemes considered are mainly the
employer-sponsored schemes.

Dr Apere argued that the enactment of the PRA 2014 has an immediate effect on
the existing defined benefit and defined contribution schemes operating in the
Nigeria Pension Industry.

Section 50 (1)(a)(d) of the Act states that any DB pension scheme in the private
sector existing before the commencement of the Act may continue to exist
provided that the pension scheme is fully funded. Furthermore, every employee in
the existing scheme shall be free to exercise the option of coming under the new
CPS.

The existing scheme shall be closed to new employees who will be required to
open a retirement savings account (RSA) under CPS (Section 50 (1)(h) of PRA
2014). This implies that no new DB pension scheme will be established by any
employer after the commencement of the PRA 2004. Thus, the unfunded pension
schemes will not be allowed to exist.

Section 50 (1)(a) of the PRA 2014 also requires that for any existing defined
contribution scheme in the private sector prior to the commencement of the PRA,
the contributions in favour of each employee, including the attributable income,
shall be computed and credited to a RSA opened for the employee under the CPS.

The enactment of the PRA 2004 led to the winding up of many employer-sponsored
gratuity schemes in the private sector in order to start the new CPS with the
aim of reducing costs of running two schemes at a time.

However, the Act does not prevent any employer that had a gratuity scheme prior
to the commencement of the PRA, or that desires to adopt a new gratuity scheme
from establishing a gratuity fund for its employees subject to the terms and
conditions of their employment, in addition to the compulsory contributions into
the new CPS.

Thus, establishing a gratuity scheme is in line with the provision in section 4
(4) (a) of the PRA 2014 that "an employer may agree on the payment of additional
benefits to the employee upon retirement" by whatever name it is called
(gratuity, severance or terminal, lump sum, long service award) over the
employee's retirement benefits stated under section 7(1) of PRA 2014.

The above implies that the gratuity schemes operating in the private sector are
opened to new employees.

According to Apere, the main objective of the PRA 2014, as far as private sector
schemes are concerned, is to establish uniform rules, regulations and standards
for the administration and payment of retirement benefits as and when due, as
demanded by (section 1 (a)(c) of PRA 2014).

He informed that, regardless of the size and number of private sector schemes
operating in the pension industry, there is need to improve on the management of
the schemes in order to meet the employers' objectives (both financial and
non-finance related) in setting up the scheme. The employer's objectives
include, but are not limited, to maximizing profits by attracting and retaining
the services of good quality employees, providing benefits that are in line with
those offered by competing employers, and controlling the cost of financing the
benefits.

Apere enumerated a confluence of factors that have prompted scheme sponsors to
improve their management of the financial risks in DB funded schemes. The
factors include pension under-funding and its persistence due to a decline in
long-term interest rates, effects of increased longevity on scheme costs,
effects of increase in accounting and statutory regulations and the sponsor's
attitude to risk.

The increase in employer's compulsory contribution rates from 7.5 per cent to 10
per cent in CPS (section 4 (1) (a) of the PRA 2014 has significantly increased
the employment costs, and due to affordability, companies may need to review the
levels and design of their total employee benefit packages (e.g. gratuity
schemes). This review would pose a greater challenge to employers without an
actuarial input.

Apere noted that the PRA 2014 does not give guidelines on the pension scheme
valuation method. Therefore, the choice of valuation method is at the discretion
of the actuary, leading to non-standardization of valuation results, which makes
peer reviews and comparative analysis quite impossible for regulatory purposes.

Section 50 (1) (g) of the PRA 2014 requires that the pension fund be fully
funded and any shortfall (in scheme assets required to meet the liabilities) be
made up within 90 days. This means that if there is a funding shortfall (i.e.
coverage ratio of less than 100 per cent), the employer must submit a recovery
plan to PENCOM. The steps to be taken to regain the minimum coverage ratio
within the period of 90 days (i.e. the requirements of a recovery plan) are not
clearly specified by the regulator, PENCOM. The challenge is that this
regulatory function has not been effectively carried out and/or neglected by
PENCOM.

He said, "There are no clear regulatory guidelines on the administration of
private sector gratuity/pension schemes since the Pension Reform Act was first
enacted in 2004, despite the fact that the number of gratuity schemes operating
in the pension industry are on the increase. Thus, private sector
gratuity/pension schemes have not been effectively regulated and supervised by
the regulator (PENCOM) relative to the CPS

Apere said, "There is a tax disadvantage for an employer's contributions into
gratuity schemes relative to paying the same amount as AVCs into CPS (section 10
(1) of PRA 2014). The contributions, investment returns and retirement benefits
in the CPS are tax exempt section 10(1)(2) (3) of PRA 2014, while the employer's
contributions and gratuity benefits are not taken as tax exempt. However, any
income earned on any AVC under the CPS is taxable at point of withdrawal within
five years of making the AVC. Furthermore, the retirement benefits payable from
the CPS are also not taxable (section 10 (3) of PRA 2014) whereas the gratuity
benefits are taxable in the hands of the employees."

Section 50 (4) of the PRA 2014 states that the management and custodian of
pension funds for private sector pensioners shall be undertaken by licensed
Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) and Pension Fund Custodian (PFCs). This is
also applicable to every employee in the existing pension scheme in the private
sector who wants to exercise the option of coming under the new CPS.

Apere noted that the above provision may require a bulk transfer of private
sector pensioners' and/or individual employee funds to the PFAs and PFCs for
effective management and custody respectively.

He explained that the process would involve the determination of the bulk
transfer value by an actuary for the pensioners and/or individual employee. "The
challenge is that the bulk transfer value would have a negative impact on the
future financial position of the private pension scheme for the remaining active
members," he added.

The engagement of actuaries (as required by law and/or scheme Trust Deed/Rules)
in the management of private sector gratuity/pension schemes would result in
adequate assessment of funding needs, thereby reducing the risk of insolvency.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

AMP biggest loser in KiwiSaver battle

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 478 words


BULKING UP KIWISAVER The Kiwi Wealth scheme's annual report shows the factor
behind a scheme's growth.

Balance transfers of $386.7m was the schemes' biggest single source of new
money. Interest, dividends and capital growth of investments brought in $265.6m
after fees and expenses of $20.8m. Employees contributions totalled $137m and
employer contributions $78.7m. "Other contributions" like voluntary
contributions from members, brought in $58.5m. The Government contributed $26.9m
through tax credit subsidies. A total of $52.6m was transferred out to other
KiwiSaver schemes. Another $57.2m was withdrawn, including people retiring,
emigrating, dying, suffering serious illness or financial hardship, or buying a
home.

--------------------

Massive flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted with the Companies Office.

It appears the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are losing out to the
banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time. That
means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering among
providers.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes. Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme from other KiwiSaver
schemes.

AMP has been working hard to turn thataround, cutting fees, helping them pick
suitable funds, in addition to having an online portal which savers can use to
keep tabs on their KiwiSaver.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth.

Nobody from AMP was available to speak on its strategies to turn around its net
funds flow.

By contrast, ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers in from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m transferred to other schemes. Most of the money that is left came out of
ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

NZX-owned Superlife, which ended the year with assets of just over $406m,
experienced $12m of transfers in, and $13.25m out.

The last of the large schemes to report so far was Aon KiwiSaver, which ended
the year with just under $320m.

Just under $17m was switched in from other schemes and $15.6m went the other
way. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

KiwiSavers can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

Ignorant about Awas Yojana

LENGTH: 609 words

DATELINE: India


India, Feb. 5 -- With an eye on the upcoming election the central government had
announced the Rajiv Awas Yojana for providing affordable homes to slum dwellers
residing in urban areas. On the other hand, the common man is unaware about how
to avail the benefits of this scheme and which officials to be contacted. What
is the use of the government sponsored schemes if citizens are unable to derive
benefits out of it? The UPA government is already wasting the tax-payers hard
earned money by spending crores of money on the welfare schemes announced by it.
Will the newly launched scheme be implemented effectively or will it just remain
on paper?

When AV spoke to people about the Rajiv Awas Yojana many of them were unaware
about it. Vinod Suhar, a Santacruz resident said, "I have heard that slum
residents will be provided affordable homes. However, I don't know how to apply
for this scheme. Till date no official has arrived at my house for explaining
about this scheme."

Hari Chavan, a Borivali resident said, "I heard about this scheme but don't know
how I will avail its benefits. Nobody came forward to provide guidance to me
about this scheme."

Sonali Patil, a housewife from Kandivali said, "I am unaware about the Rajiv
Awas Yojana and don't know how to utilise this scheme. Nobody has provided any
guidance to me about this scheme."

Akhilesh Tiwari, a Malad resident said, "The government is only interested in
introducing new schemes but they are not creating awareness about it. I came to
know about this scheme after you informed me about it."

Suhas Kutadakar a Dahisar resident said, "It is the responsibility of the
government to guide citizens about how to utilize this scheme."

Rajeev Singh an Andheri resident said, "I have heard about this scheme but I am
unaware about its objectives. I merely know slum dwellers will be provided
affordable homes but don't know more about it."

Sangeeta Pawar a Goregaon resident said, "I had watched the Rajeev Awas Yojana
advertisement aired on television which mentioned that cities would become slum
free. But I don't how the government is planning to implement this scheme."

On the flip side, Congress party leaders denied that people are unaware of this
scheme. They were confident that people will be benefitted out of this scheme.

Krishna Hegde, Congress MLA from Vile Parle said,"People residing in slum areas
are educated and they are aware about how to utilise these schemes. When the SRA
scheme was announced then several people residing in slums derived benefit out
of it. We are airing advertisement in media for creating awareness among people
about this scheme."

Janardhan Chandurkar, Mumbai Regional Congress Committee president said,
"Everyone is aware about the Rajiv Awas Yojana and many other schemes announced
by the government. We are also providing guidance to people about the
utilization of the scheme."

Sachin Sawant, Congress spokesperson said, "People know about the scheme through
the advertisement aired on television and news. Party workers are creating
awareness about the scheme by interacting with people. If people have any doubts
they can directly contact our party workers."

The Rajiv Awas Yojana was launched in June 2011 in two phases the preparatory
phase for a period of two years which ended in June 2013 and implementation
phase. Subsequently, 33 slum clusters were identified and tenders were passed
for carrying out socio-economic, biometric and technical survey.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Punjab govt approves development projects worth billions of rupees

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Punjab government announced on Monday that it had approved funds worth over Rs
151 billion for development of various sectors of the economy over the last six
months of current fiscal.


According to half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP) 2012-13 was
Rs 210 billion of which a sum of Rs 151.526 billion was approved against a total
134 development schemes of the 21 development sectors of the economy.
According to details, the provincial development forum approved funds amounting
to Rs 2,645.805 million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, Rs
10,065.694 million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for
two schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven schemes of
health sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and
minerals sector, Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archeology sector, Rs
1,513.544 million for one scheme of youth affairs sector, Rs 290.500 million for
one scheme of information and culture sector, Rs1,693.183 million for three
schemes of special infrastructure sector, Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads
sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544
million for two schemes of energy sector, Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes
of public buildings sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban
development sector, Rs 460.529 million for one scheme of district programme, Rs
1,594.986 million for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs42,730.719
million for 14 schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes
of P&D sector and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Punjab govt approves development projects worth billions of rupees

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. III No. 184

LENGTH: 289  words


Punjab government announced on Monday that it had approved funds worth over Rs
151 billion for development of various sectors of the economy over the last six
months of current fiscal.

According to half yearly report issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department, the net size of the Annual Development Programme (ADP) 2012-13 was
Rs 210 billion of which a sum of Rs 151.526 billion was approved against a total
134 development schemes of the 21 development sectors of the economy.

According to details, the provincial development forum approved funds amounting
to Rs 2,645.805 million for four schemes of the agriculture sector, Rs
10,065.694 million for six schemes of education sector, Rs 3,035.207 million for
two schemes of literacy sector, Rs 19,500.612 million for eleven schemes of
health sector, an amount of Rs 92.367 million for one scheme of mines and
minerals sector, Rs 620.845 million for four schemes of archaeology sector, Rs
1,513.544 million for one scheme of youth affairs sector, Rs 290.500 million for
one scheme of information and culture sector, Rs1,693.183 million for three
schemes of special infrastructure sector, Rs 42,135.244 for 49 schemes of roads
sector, Rs 12,532.077 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 2,896.544
million for two schemes of energy sector, Rs 6,524.459 million for eight schemes
of public buildings sector, Rs 1,539.099 million for six schemes of urban
development sector, Rs 460.529 million for one scheme of district programme, Rs
1,594.986 million for three schemes of regional planning sector, Rs42,730.719
million for 14 schemes of transport sector, Rs 567.483 million for three schemes
of P&D sector and Rs 1,084.349 million for two schemes of Auqaf sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday

Around 80% water schemes in Rawalpindi supplying contaminated water

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 113

LENGTH: 649  words


Around 80 percent water supply schemes in Rawalpindi are providing contaminated
water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious diseases like Hepatitis,
Jaundice and diarrhoea.

The outcome of the Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes conducted
in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed that water
supply schemes are providing piped water supply for drinking purposes, to meet
household needs and for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 1.496
million persons on 385 surveyed water schemes.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (
PCRWR) has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of providing
water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.

This inability and inefficiency may be scaled from the fact that 38 percent of
the schemes are presently not functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the
total enumerated population remains unserved by the water supply schemes.

Spokesperson PCRWR Lubna Naheed said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes in the district.

On the overall, 68 percent of the total 148 noncfunctional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed while 32 percent are permanently closed.

For the temporarily non-functional water schemes at present, the common problems
encountered in these schemes, is a complex of various institutional, financial
and technological issues.

The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of
schemes are; lack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds.

On the overall, these reasons are evident on some 21 to 30 water schemes.

Chairman PCRWR Dr.Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent of the water
sources of the functional schemes, is unsafe for drinking purposes and 75
percent of these schemes with unsafe water, have the microbiological
contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution
systems, indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water which
is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water which
has microbiological contamination, he said.

The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the unsafe drinking
water and the importance of safe drinking water is totally negligible.

There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for drinking purposes,
prevailing in the general public and among the managers of water supply schemes,
as well.

Spokesperson PCRWR said many flaws have been found in the design of water supply
schemes. It appears that water distribution systems have not been designed for
simple, trouble free operation and be capable of being operated and maintained
by local manpower, she added.

In large number of schemes, where water is obtained from surface source as
stream and nullahs, the source is located at a considerable distance from the
locality.

But neither proper size of motor has been provided for pumping water, nor any
arrangement has been made for booster pumping and overhead tanks have been
rarely provided.

The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 44
percent between 10 and 20 years old while the remaining are less than 10 years
old.

Most of the schemes have used GI pipe for the distribution system, the useful
life of which is less than 20 years.

Chairman PCRWR  said it necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with
redesigning of water supply schemes in the district and the priority should be
given to the older schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present/future water
requirement for the increasing population.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

Around 80% water supply schemes in Rawalpindi supplying contaminated water

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 103

LENGTH: 651  words


Around 80 percent water supply schemes in  Rawalpindi are providing contaminated
water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious diseases like Hepatitis,
Jaundice and diarrhoea.  The outcome of the Technical Assessment Survey of water
supply schemes conducted in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district,
has revealed that water supply schemes are providing piped water supply for
drinking purposes, to meet household needs and for other multiple uses to an
enumerated population of 1.496 million persons on 385 surveyed water schemes.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (
PCRWR) has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of providing
water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.

This inability and inefficiency may be scaled from the fact that 38 percent of
the schemes are presently not functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the
total enumerated population remains unserved by the water supply schemes.

Spokesperson PCRWR Lubna Naheed said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes in the district.

On the overall, 68 percent of the total 148 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed while 32 percent are permanently closed.

For the temporarily non-functional water schemes at present, the common problems
encountered in these schemes, is a complex of various institutional, financial
and technological issues.

The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of
schemes are; lack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds.

On the overall, these reasons are evident on some 21 to 30 water schemes.
Chairman PCRWR Dr.Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 % of the water sources
of the functional schemes, is unsafe for drinking purposes and 75 percent of
these schemes with unsafe water, have the microbiological contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution
systems, indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water which
is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water which
has microbiological contamination, he said. The survey manifests that awareness
about the hazards of the unsafe drinking water and the importance of safe
drinking water is totally negligible.

There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for drinking purposes,
prevailing in the general public and among the managers of water supply schemes,
as well. Spokesperson PCRWR said many flaws have been found in the design of
water supply schemes. It appears that water distribution systems have not been
designed for simple, trouble-free operation and be capable of being operated and
maintained by local manpower, she added.

In large number of schemes, where water is obtained from surface source as
stream and nullahs, the source is located at a considerable distance from the
locality. But neither proper size of motor has been provided for pumping water,
nor any arrangement has been made for booster pumping and overhead tanks have
been rarely provided.

The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 44
percent between 10 and 20 years old while the remaining are less than 10 years
old. Most of the schemes have used GI pipe for the distribution system, the
useful life of which is less than 20 years.

Chairman PCRWR  said it necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with
redesigning of water supply schemes in the district and the priority should be
given to the older schemes.These remedial works should be based on the
estimation of present/future water requirement for the increasing population.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             July 09, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Shape up for NHI, health industry told;
In its efforts to make medical care more affordable for you, the government is
insistent that private-sector health care becomes more cost-efficient. Laura du
Preez reports on this week's medical scheme industry conference at Sun City.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1135 words


Health Minister Dr Aaron Motsoa-ledi wants both the private and the public
healthcare sectors to be part of the country's future National Health Insurance
(NHI) system. But before the private sector can be included, it will have to
swallow the bitter medicine of price regulation, shed some baggage and get
into|better shape, he says.

The minister addressed the medical scheme industry at this week's Board of
Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference at Sun City.

The conference heard about numerous issues facing medical schemes, including:

u A threat to close administrators of schemes that have failed to pay prescribed
minimum benefits in full (see "Three administrators under fire for schemes'
contravention of PMB rules", above);

u The rising cost of claims and schemes' inability to collect enough
contributions to pay them;

u The increasing burden of diseases, such as cancer;

u The need to comply with consumer protection legislation (see page 3);

u The need to introduce more preventative healthcare measures;

u The decline in employer subsidies of the cost of scheme membership; and

u The need for good governance in schemes and for schemes not to discriminate
against anyone wanting to join (see "Schemes can't turn you away - registrar",
right).

The BHF, which represents schemes, managed care entities and administrators,
was, however, encouraged by indications from the Department of Health that the
|medical schemes industry will have a role to play in NHI.

BHF managing director Humphrey Zokufa told the conference that the
director-general of the Department of Health, Precious Matsoso, who attended the
conference, had asked him to announce that the department will engage with the
BHF more seriously in the next few months on NHI and other issues the BHF wants
to discuss.

Zokufa said the BHF is also encouraged by the fact that Motsoaledi had spent
several hours at the conference outlining his views on how he plans to heal
South Africa's healthcare sector, which is "divided into public and private by
the depth of people's pockets".

costs 'out of control'

One of Motsoaledi's main messages was that healthcare costs cannot continue to
rise at rates far above the consumer price index and that costs will have to be
regulated. The minister said the cost of private health care is out of control,
and that medical schemes are a victim. He told journalists that the Council for
Medical Schemes's 2010 annual report will show that schemes again paid out more
for your claims - R2.5 billion - than they collected from you in contributions.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, earlier told the
conference there is an indication that schemes are finding it difficult to keep
up with the increasing cost of claims, but said the trends will be revealed only
in September in the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report after the
minister has seen the data.

Dr Anban Pillay, the cluster manager for financial planning and health economics
at the Department of Health, told the conference that the department is looking
at a "legislated process" to control the prices of healthcare services, because
its proposal for a voluntary process to negotiate healthcare tariffs appears to
be doomed to failure.

The department published a discussion document in November last year that
proposed a voluntary negotiating forum in which healthcare service costs would
be revealed and healthcare tariffs would be set.

However, most provider groups, particularly private hospitals and specialists,
had been opposed to the proposals and had threatened legal action if the
voluntary process continued, Pillay said.

The department had therefore decided to abandon the voluntary process, because
it believed that if |it had set it up, the providers |would not have taken part
and the process would be doomed to failure, he said.

At the conference, Pillay was later told by Casper Venter, a director of
Healthman, which consults to a number of specialists' groups, that specialists
were not opposed to the voluntary tariff-setting process.

Motsoaledi said the Competition Commission's finding in 2003 |that the tariff
negotiations between |medical schemes and healthcare providers were
anti-competitive, and which put a stop to the negotiations, had made things
worse for medical schemes.

He said he is engaged in discussions with the competition authorities on the
legalities of setting healthcare tariffs.

PREVENTATIVE CARE

In addition to unsustainably high costs, Motsoaledi said both the private and
the public healthcare systems are running "destructive, unsustainable curative
healthcare systems".

Medical scheme benefit packages should promote good health and include
preventative care and not focus only on high-cost curative care, he said.

The minister cited the example of schemes paying for abortions but not for
contraception.

Some other key messages the minister had for schemes were:

u Schemes should support the government's national HIV Counselling and Testing
campaign and ensure that all medical scheme members are tested for HIV;

u Schemes should reduce their non-healthcare costs to below 10 percent of their
contribution income;

u Schemes should strengthen their governance and that of their administrators;

u Schemes should simplify their benefit packages so that medical scheme members
clearly understand their benefits; and

u Schemes should introduce alternative reimbursement systems such as capitation
(capped fees for providers who agree to treat all scheme members needing their
services), which reduce costs and over-servicing.

The NHI process

The minister told journalists the NHI policy document has been cleared by a
cabinet committee and now has to be approved by the cabinet itself. He said he
could not say when the document would finally be approved and released for
public consultation, because this will depend on how much further work the
cabinet requires.

However, he said the document will be released before the end of the year and
that enabling legislation will be promulgated next year. Relevant existing
legislation will also be comprehensively reviewed.

NHI will then be phased in over 14 years.

Dr Clarence Mini, the chairman of the BHF, said the BHF's understanding is that
the envisaged NHI system will be based on a single statutory authority that will
decide which healthcare services you need and "purchase" these.

He said the BHF, however, believes that a single-purchaser |NHI model does not
preclude the use of a multi-payer system - that is, one in which multiple
entities will receive claims for NHI services and pay for them from NHI funds.

Mini said such a system would, among other things, encourage |competition, which
could control healthcare service costs, improve the quality of the services,
monitor fraud and abuse, and improve accountability and overall governance of
NHI.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Bellingen Courier Sun

                                November 1, 2010

Changes to Solar Bonus Scheme

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 1559  words


The state government has moved to rein in the popular Solar Bonus Scheme, saying
it would otherwise have cost a crippling $4 billion, or more than twice the
original estimates.

A review of the scheme shows that it has been incredibly successful in meeting
its aims of supporting and encouraging renewable energy generation.

The NSW Solar Bonus Scheme was introduced by way of legislation in 2009 and
provided a gross feed-in-tariff of 60 cents a kilowatt/hour for the solar
electricity generated.

The review shows that the take-up rate of the scheme has been faster than
expected, and demonstrates that to date the scheme has created more than 100 MW
of renewable energy capacity. More than 50,000 customers have joined the Scheme.

Due to the unexpected rate of subscription in the first 10 months of the Solar
Bonus Scheme, NSW Government announced a major revamp that will:

Immediately close the current program at midnight on Thursday October 27, and

Introduce a new and more sustainable program with a third of the current tariff

rate, or 20 cents/kWh.

Customers already participating in the scheme will not be affected by the
changes.

NSW Premier Kristina Keneally said the Solar Bonus Scheme has been an
overwhelming success - exceeding all projections, but that the risk in
continuing the scheme in its current form would be further rises in electricity
prices.

"The changes we introduce today strike a better balance between keeping down
electricity costs for consumers, while still supporting renewable energy
generation," Ms Keneally said.

The review of the scheme showed that a range of factors, including the strong
Australian

dollar and renewable energy policies in overseas markets, has seen prices of
solar panels more than halve since the program first commenced. Since 2009,
there has been a flood of cheaper panels from China and Spain.

"What we are doing now is slowing down the scheme in order to stop any further
impact on electricity prices," Ms Keneally said.

"Stopping the scheme at its current rate slashes anticipated costs of $2.5
billion by 2016."

The review showed that in its current form, the scheme was increasing at around
1 MW a day, adding tariff payments of around $3 million. NSW had the most
generous tariff rate in Australia, followed by the ACT at $0.457 cents a kWh.

If unchanged, independent modelling forecast installed capacity under the scheme
to grow from around 25 MW to nearly 1,000 MW by the end of 2016 - taking
payments to $4 billion.

Ms Keneally said: "It is now time to adjust the levers so that we can continue
to create solar power, but not drive up electricity prices."

Solar panel installers warned that many will be bankrupted by the change, which
could leave them with warehouses full of unsellable panels. They said hundreds
of installers could lose their jobs.

There are about 766 panel installers in NSW, said the Clean Energy Council of
Australia, up from 462 registered in March, shortly after the scheme came into
effect, and 246 in March last year.

"This is a repeat of the boom-bust cycle the solar industry has been trying to
avoid," the energy council's chief executive, Matthew Warren, said in a
statement.

One company director said the changes would hurt the industry and some
businesses would close.

''This drop to 20¢ is going to ... take NSW from a leader in solar schemes to
the bottom of the list,'' he said.

More than 35,000 rooftop units have been installed since the scheme began in
January, resulting in 101 megawatts of electricity generation capacity. With
applications being processed that will rise to 193 megawatts over the next few
months, Ms Keneally said.

The government expected the scheme to introduce 300 megawatts of new generation
capacity - about half the size of a unit at a main power station - over the
six-year life of the scheme.

Since the scheme was devised, the price of solar panels has halved, so that
households have been able to recoup the cost of installing the systems in only
two years, rather than the eight years originally expected.

The Greens MP John Kaye said his party would seek to have the price paid for new
solar panels set at 30¢ a kilowatt hour, rather than the 20¢ the government
plans.

''Twenty cents per kilowatt hour could drive the industry from boom into bust,''
he said. ''We're seeking 30¢, with a 12-month review.''

The Coalition's environment and climate change spokeswoman, Catherine Cusack,
said it would not support the Greens' amendment.

''We will oppose 30¢,'' she said. ''What we need is a more reasoned approach. A
future government will be handcuffed to this bungle for seven years and be
constrained in any further cross subsidies for the energy sector.''

Changes to Solar Bonus Scheme

The state government has moved to rein in the popular Solar Bonus Scheme, saying
it would otherwise have cost a crippling $4 billion, or more than twice the
original estimates.

A review of the scheme shows that it has been incredibly successful in meeting
its aims of supporting and encouraging renewable energy generation.

The NSW Solar Bonus Scheme was introduced by way of legislation in 2009 and
provided a gross feed-in-tariff of 60 cents a kilowatt/hour for the solar
electricity generated.

The review shows that the take-up rate of the scheme has been faster than
expected, and demonstrates that to date the scheme has created more than 100 MW
of renewable energy capacity. More than 50,000 customers have joined the Scheme.

Due to the unexpected rate of subscription in the first 10 months of the Solar
Bonus Scheme, NSW Government announced a major revamp that will:

Immediately close the current program at midnight on Thursday October 27, and

Introduce a new and more sustainable program with a third of the current tariff

rate, or 20 cents/kWh.

Customers already participating in the scheme will not be affected by the
changes.

NSW Premier Kristina Keneally said the Solar Bonus Scheme has been an
overwhelming success - exceeding all projections, but that the risk in
continuing the scheme in its current form would be further rises in electricity
prices.

"The changes we introduce today strike a better balance between keeping down
electricity costs for consumers, while still supporting renewable energy
generation," Ms Keneally said.

The review of the scheme showed that a range of factors, including the strong
Australian

dollar and renewable energy policies in overseas markets, has seen prices of
solar panels more than halve since the program first commenced. Since 2009,
there has been a flood of cheaper panels from China and Spain.

"What we are doing now is slowing down the scheme in order to stop any further
impact on electricity prices," Ms Keneally said.

"Stopping the scheme at its current rate slashes anticipated costs of $2.5
billion by 2016."

The review showed that in its current form, the scheme was increasing at around
1 MW a day, adding tariff payments of around $3 million. NSW had the most
generous tariff rate in Australia, followed by the ACT at $0.457 cents a kWh.

If unchanged, independent modelling forecast installed capacity under the scheme
to grow from around 25 MW to nearly 1,000 MW by the end of 2016 - taking
payments to $4 billion.

Ms Keneally said: "It is now time to adjust the levers so that we can continue
to create solar power, but not drive up electricity prices."

Solar panel installers warned that many will be bankrupted by the change, which
could leave them with warehouses full of unsellable panels. They said hundreds
of installers could lose their jobs.

There are about 766 panel installers in NSW, said the Clean Energy Council of
Australia, up from 462 registered in March, shortly after the scheme came into
effect, and 246 in March last year.

"This is a repeat of the boom-bust cycle the solar industry has been trying to
avoid," the energy council's chief executive, Matthew Warren, said in a
statement.

One company director said the changes would hurt the industry and some
businesses would close.

''This drop to 20¢ is going to ... take NSW from a leader in solar schemes to
the bottom of the list,'' he said.

More than 35,000 rooftop units have been installed since the scheme began in
January, resulting in 101 megawatts of electricity generation capacity. With
applications being processed that will rise to 193 megawatts over the next few
months, Ms Keneally said.

The government expected the scheme to introduce 300 megawatts of new generation
capacity - about half the size of a unit at a main power station - over the
six-year life of the scheme.

Since the scheme was devised, the price of solar panels has halved, so that
households have been able to recoup the cost of installing the systems in only
two years, rather than the eight years originally expected.

The Greens MP John Kaye said his party would seek to have the price paid for new
solar panels set at 30¢ a kilowatt hour, rather than the 20¢ the government
plans.

''Twenty cents per kilowatt hour could drive the industry from boom into bust,''
he said. ''We're seeking 30¢, with a 12-month review.''

The Coalition's environment and climate change spokeswoman, Catherine Cusack,
said it would not support the Greens' amendment.

''We will oppose 30¢,'' she said. ''What we need is a more reasoned approach. A
future government will be handcuffed to this bungle for seven years and be
constrained in any further cross subsidies for the energy sector.''

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          December 16, 2009 Wednesday

DDWP approves Rs 482 million for 25 Pindi Division projects

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: RAWALPINDI


RAWALPINDI, Dec. 16 -- The Divisional Development Working Party (DDWP) has
approved Rs 481.97 million for 25 development projects related to education,
clean water and sewerage system in Rawalpindi Division.

Public Health Engineering Department would construct underground and overhead
tanks to provide clean drinking water, while Government Degree College for
Women, Civil Lines Jhelum and Girls College in Sohawa would also be constructed.

Rawalpindi Commissioner Zahid Saeed chaired the DDWP meeting attended by
Director Development and Finance Noreen Bashir, ED Planning Saeed Hussain Niazi,
Rawalpindi Division Director Colleges Chaudhry Ashraf, Superintendent Building
and Provincial Highway Department and the DCOs belonging to Rawalpindi, Attock,
Chakwal and Jhelum attended the meeting.

The DDWP approved Rs. 99.67 million for Government College for Women, Civil
Lines, Jhelum, Rs. 97.76 million for Government College for Women, Sohawa, Rs.
7.44 million for Rural Drainage Scheme Mohuta, Tehsil and District Rawalpindi;
Rs 4.23 million for Rural Drainage Scheme, Jattal Nandna, Tehsil Kallar Sayedan,
Rs 6.76 million for Rural Drainage Scheme Dhoke Sabri, Mughalabad and Mohra
Gangal, Tehsil Kallar Syedan, Rs. 12.70 million for Water Supply and Drainage
Scheme Guff, Tehsil Kallar Syedan, Rs 4.08 million for Rural Drainage Scheme
Barki Jadeed, Tehsil Gujar Khan, Rs 10.48 million for Water Supply and Drainage
Scheme, Guhra Gujran Loharan, District Rawalpindi, Rs 5.60 million for Rural
Drainage Scheme Tanveen, Tehsil Gujar Khan and Rs 5.49 million for
Rehabilitation of Water Supply Scheme Mandhal, Tehsil Gujar Khan.

The other schemes include Rehabilitation of Water Supply Scheme Saghri Rs. 23.39
million), Rehabilitation of Water Supply and Drainage Scheme Rama, Tehsil Kalar
Sayedan (Rs. 11.96 million), Rehabilitation of Water Supply and Drainage Scheme,
Dhok Bhadal, Tehsil Kalar Syedan (Rs. 7.54 million), Rural Water and Drainage
Scheme Sood Budhana, Tehsil Gujar Khan (Rs 6.81 million), Drainage Scheme
Dialilanger Pakhral, Teshsil Sohawa (Rs 8.47 million), Rehabilitation of Rural
Water Supply Scheme, Chab, Teshil and District Attock (Rs 8.12 million), Rural
Drainage Scheme Chak Dinal, Teshil and District Rawalpindi (Rs 8.29 million),
Rural Water Supply and Drainage Scheme, Ghariba, Tehsil and District Rawalpindi
(Rs 17.62 million), Augmentation and Rehabiliation of Urban Water Supply Scheme
Taxila (Rs 99.65 million), Rehabilitation of Rural Water Supply Scheme Garhi
Sikandar, Taxila, District Rawalpindi (Rs 8.35 million), Rehabilitation of Water
Supply Scheme, Kotli Sattian Bazaar and Rehabilitation of Water Supply Scheme
Sunbli Tajjal (Rs 4.49 million), Replacement of Pipeline Pandori to Beor, Tehsil
Kallar Syedian, District Rawalpindi (Rs 2.24 million), Rehabilitation of
Services in Area Development Schemes, Hassanabdal (Rs 10.66 million),
Rehabilitation of Services in Area Development Scheme Gujar Khan-II (Rs 7.85
million) and Renovation/Improvement of the Commissioner Office (Rs. 2 million).
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

317 DEVELOPMENT SCHEMES APPROVED

LENGTH: 191 words


RAWALPINDI: District Government has formally approved 317 development schemes
for 8 towns proposed by all members of the District Assembly with estimated cost
of Rs. 449.24 million while the work would be started from September. According
to Annual Development Programme, Rs. 346.5 million would be released in current
fiscal year for the 317 development schemes while the rest of the money would be
released next year.

The 317 development schemes include 196 schemes suggested by Nazims of 8 towns,
62 schemes suggested by women members, 11 schemes of minorities members, 8
schemes of farmer labourer members and 140 schemes of line department are
include in 317 development schemes.

While the 49 schemes of Rawal Town Union Council Nazims, 40 schemes of Potohar
Town UC Nazims, 11 schemes of Texila Town UC Nazims, 36 development schemes of
Gujjar Khan Town UC Nazims, 15 development schemes of Kalar Syedan UC Nazims, 16
development schemes of Kahuta UC Nazims, 17 schemes of Murree UC Nazims and 12
development schemes of Kotli Sattian UC nazims has also been approved.

District Government would provide fund in its budget of current fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Domestic Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2006 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 April 12, 1996

Age old problem of choosing the right pension scheme

BYLINE: Y John Graham;;

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 750 words


BTHESE days many people can expect to live long into their 70s and enjoy a long
period of retirement. Only life won't be quite so enjoyable if you have to worry
about limited finances.

A good way to guarantee a secure future is to invest in a private pension scheme
- and the sooner you start contributing to a scheme the sooner you will achieve
a satisfactory pension level.

To secure an income of £10,000 per annum on retirement your pension fund needs
to be valued around £120,000. Considering that the maximum amount you are
typically allowed to invest in a scheme is 17.5% of net relevant earnings (just
15% for company schemes) and that many people invest only 5%, it is clear that
it takes a long time to build up a reasonable level of pension funds.

There is always the State pension to fall back on - providing you have
contributed the necessary amount for a substantial period of your working life
of National Insureance contributions. These will provide a pension which will
cover your basic needs - but no more. Furthermore, you can only receive a State
pension when you are of State pension age, so there is no income provided should
you wish to retire early.

The State Earnings Related Pension Scheme (Serps) is also paid from National
Insurance contributions and does provide a modest top-up to the basic State
pension. These benefits are somewhat limited because Serps is linked to your
earnings as an employee - any period of time spent self-employed or unemployed
will not be counted and you will receive no additional State pension.

The benefits of a good private pension should therefore be obvious.

They provide a regular income during retirement on top of the basic State
pension. Other benefits may include a tax-free lump sum on retirement and
benefits for your dependants in the event of your death. Pension schemes also
offer tax benefits on contributions and investments, which means more value for
money than other forms of saving.

The type of scheme available varies considerably. Pension schemes are basically
divisible into two categories, personal pension schemes and employer sponsored
schemes (company schemes). If you belong to an employer sponsored scheme you
cannot also have a personal pension scheme. However, do check the details with
an expert because as with most things in life there can be exceptions.

Employers' schemes

THESE schemes are set up by employers for staff. Employees are usually expected
to make some contribution but the employer often contributes considerably more.
In "non-contributory" schemes the employer covers all the costs. There are two
main types of employer scheme:

q Final salary schemes are proportionate to your salary at or near retirement
and linked to the number of years membership in the scheme. Final salary schemes
may offer an early retirement option, though of course this may slightly reduce
your pension.

q Money purchase schemes pay your contributions into a fund which is then
invested in stocks, shares, property or other investment funds. The final
pension is dependent on the total value, at retirement, of the contributions
made, the performance of the investment fund and the cost of buying your
pension.

Personal schemes

BOTH the self employed and employees can join these schemes which are operated
by life insurance companies and other authorised financial institutions.

A percentage of your earnings, a variable or a fixed sum, is paid into a scheme
in your name. This fund may be invested in many different ways and each
generally offers a different level of risk. Generally speaking the higher the
risk, the higher the potential return, but remember that investments can go down
as well as up.

The scheme will provde you with a pension and often also death benefits, but the
level of pension benefit will depend on the amount of contributions, the
investment performance and the cost of buying your pension.

If you are an employee with questions about your company scheme you can seek
guidance from whoever in your company deals with staff matters.

If you are self-employed or an employee without a company scheme you should seek
help from a financial consultant.

Either way, you should ensure that you only entrust your time and money with an
authorised and reputable company and that anyone you deal with is authorised
under the Financial Services Act.

q John Graham is Scottish Regional Manager of Sun Life of Canada.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1996 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              432 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2013 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                               September 6, 2013

                           Ultimate Finance Group PLC

           Bradley Pavilions, Pear Tree Road, Bradley Stoke, Bristol,
                            BS32 0BQ, United Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 44-1454-203620
FAX: 44-1454-203621
URL: http://www.ultimatefinance.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: UFG
ISIN: GB0031685414

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: June 12,2002

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME         DESIGNATION  APPOINTMENT  SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                          DATE
Jeremy       Chief        14-12-2011   -
Coombes      Executive
             Officer

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Ultimate Finance Group plc, through its subsidiary, Ultimate Finance Limited,
provides factoring, invoice discounting, and trade finance services for small
and medium businesses in the United Kingdom. It also offers funding, sales
ledger administration, optional payroll management, and debt protection services
for temporary recruitment and labour hire agencies, as well as debtor protection
services. The company is headquartered in Bristol, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Financial Services sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in GBP)                      9/30/2011
Sales                                     9,706,000
Gross Profit                              8,573,000
Interest                                    186,000
Depreciation and                            526,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                                  508,000
Earnings Before Interest                    904,000
and Tax
Earning Before Interest,                  1,228,000
Tax and Depreciation
Earnings Before                           1,430,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                         210,000
Working Capital                           2,786,000
Shareholders Funds                        6,392,000
Net Tangible Assets                         392,000
Net Assets                                6,392,000
Current Assets                           35,619,000
Total Non-Current Assets                  6,499,000
Total Assets                             42,118,000
Current Liabilities                      32,833,000
Current Debt                             27,937,000
Non-Current Debt                          1,288,000
Total Liabilities                        35,726,000
Total Debt                               29,225,000
Total Investing Cashflow                -6855000.00
Total Financial Cashflow                  3,474,000
Net Operating Cashflow                  -1161000.00

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share              0.01
Cash Flow Per Share             0.02
Adjusted earnings Per           0.01
Share
Return on Assets                1.21
Return on Equity                7.95
Sales Margin                    5.23
Earnings Before Interest       14.73
Tax Depreciation and
Amortisation to Sales %
Total Debt / Equity             4.57
(Ratio)
Interest Cover equals           4.86
Earnings Before Interest
and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by        1.08
Current Assets/Current
Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital               9.74
Employed
Sector Value on ROA             1.80
Sector Value on ROE             9.34
Sector Value on ROCE           14.17

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Roger McDowell                        -              -

EPS: GBP 0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
-         Interim   25 Apr, 2012        -              23 May, 2013         GBX

PRICES (GBP):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 21.50
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 25.25
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 25
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 25
BID PRICE: 22.50
ASK PRICE: 22.75
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 74,614,700
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (GBP):
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 1.87
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: -18,653,675
MCAP CHANGE: -0.99%
HIGH PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 27.25
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 18.10
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 25.50
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 19.50
LOW PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 13.50
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 17.50
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 21.50
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 12.50
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 250.05
TURNOVER RATE: 39.99%
TURNOVER: 4,044,300
VOLUME: 161,772
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 119362.00
PRICE CHANGE (GBP):
PRICE CHANGE: -0.25
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: -0.99
BID ASK SPREAD: 1.10
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: 0.25
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: -0.99
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 2.75
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 12.36
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: 3.75
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 5.84
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 4
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 19.05
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 11.38
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 83.49
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (GBP):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 25.07
PRICE TO VWP 5-Days: 1
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 3.44%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.28%
VWP 1 MONTH: 23.04
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.09
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.99%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 8.26%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 1%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 85.19%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK           990.10       -9.90       17.72           -
5 WEEKS         1069.28       69.28           -           -
13 WEEKS        1313.84      313.84           -           -
1 MONTH         1123.60      123.60       17.91           -
3 MONTHS        1267.86      267.86       25.51           -
6 MONTHS        1296.16      263.35       32.81           -
1 YEAR          1899.70      834.86       64.83       89.97
2 YEARS         1432.61      339.62       92.99           -
3 YEARS           1,329      199.32      129.68        9.84
5 YEARS               -           -           -           -

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 790,340,392
CMV MULTIPLIER: 1131.67
RETAINED EARNINGS: 699,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 916,144,944
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 1,707,184,336
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (GBP):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 25.98
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 0.96
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 34.09
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.73
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.02
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.04
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 1.36
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.52
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.70
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 1.12
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 1.79
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 1.00
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 3.43
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 3.43
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 18.60
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 56
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 101.85
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.22
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.96
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -3.09
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 13.22
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 3.73
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 18.07
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 69.97
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 18.38
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 24.26
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 22.04
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 80.41
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 53.22
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 74.40
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 88.82
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 1
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 161772.00
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 2.50
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 17.11
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 2.44
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 10.20
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -3.37
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -12.66
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -1.19
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -6.90
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR           TRANSACTION TRANSACTION NO. OF      PRICE IN $  VALUE IN $
                   DATE        TYPE        SHARES
-                  -           -                     -           -        0.45

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.11
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -9.09
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 56.75
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -16.85
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1.01
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: 93.88
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.18
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1694.61
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 39.01
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: -0.55
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 2.93
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -2.18
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 8.98
PRICE TO SALES: 1.66
YIELD: 3.40%
EARNING YIELD: 3.89%
RETURN ON ASSETS: 1.21%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 7.95%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 9.74%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 32.69
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 2.65
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 2.44
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 2.90%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.84
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 0.54%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 5.64%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 9.07%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 38.94%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 20.71%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE   HEADLINE      CLOSE     XMONTH    XMONTH    TOP RISE      STEEPEST FALL
                     PRICE     HIGH      LOW
Fri,   UFG               17.70
Nov 23 strengthens
       above
       Exponential
       Moving
       Average Price
       (EMAP),
       12-day EMAP
       outperforms
       26-day EMAP.

DATE   HEADLINE  CLOSE   XMONTH  XMONTH  TOP RISE  SECOND    STEEPES SECOND
                 PRICE   HIGH    LOW               HIGHEST   T FALL  HIGHEST
                                                   RISE              FALL
Fri,   Ultimate    17.70 sixteen -       Ultimate  Ultimate  Ultimat Ultimate
Nov 23 Finance           -month          Finance   Finance   e       Finance
       announce          High            Group     Group     Finance Group
       their                             adds 3.1% rises     Group   drops 4.3%
       latest                            to        0.7% to   closes  to
       results                           GBX18.05  GBX13.60  at 4.5% GBX17.50
                                         on        on low    below   on low
                                         average   volume.   VWP but volume,
                                         volume.             at      ending a
                                                             47.5%   four-day
                                                             premium streak of
                                                             to      rises.
                                                             52-week
                                                             low.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   [News Story] Not for release, publication or distribution, in whole or in
part, in or into any Restricted Jurisdictions or any other jurisdiction where to
do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.

   5 September 2013

   Renovo Group plc Recommended Offer for Ultimate Finance Group plc (to be
implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act
2006)

   Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by Court

   Ultimate Finance Group plc ("UFG") announces that at a hearing held earlier
today, the High Court of Justice in England and Wales (the "Court") sanctioned
the scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme")
to effect the recommended acquisition of UFG by Renovo Group plc ("Renovo").

   Share Subdivision and Reclassification

   At the Reclassification Record Time (being 5.00 p.m. on 6 September 2013),
each of the Scheme Shares will be subdivided and reclassified in accordance with
the Scheme. Scheme Shares in respect of which valid elections were made and
accepted for cash consideration will be subdivided and reclassified as A Shares.
Scheme Shares in respect of which valid elections were made and accepted for New
Renovo Shares will be subdivided and reclassified as B Shares. Any Scheme Shares
in respect of which no valid election has been made or is deemed to have been
made will be subdivided and reclassified into A Shares and B Shares.

   Conditions

   The Acquisition remains conditional, inter alia, upon the London Stock
Exchange Limited ("London Stock Exchange") agreeing to admit the Existing Renovo
Shares and the New Renovo Shares to trading on AIM, as well as the confirmation
of the Capital Reduction.

   Last Day for Dealings

   In order to ensure an orderly subdivision and reclassification of the Scheme
Shares, the last day for dealings in and for registration of transfers of, and
disablement in CREST of UFG Shares is today, 6 September 2013.

   Suspension of Trading

   A request has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the suspension of
trading in UFG Shares with effect from 7:30 a.m. on 9 September 2013. It is
expected that the Scheme will become effective on 9 September 2013 and that the
cancellation of the admission to trading on AIM of, and cessation of dealings
in, UFG Shares will each take place by no later than 8.00 a.m. on 10 September
2013.

   Upon the Scheme becoming effective, holders of the Scheme Shares will be
entitled to receive 1.05 new ordinary shares in the share capital of Renovo and
6 pence in cash for each Scheme Share held by them at the Scheme Record Time
(6.00 p.m. on 6 September 2013).

   The consideration due to Scheme Shareholders will be despatched to them by no
later than 23 September 2013.

   Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used but not defined in
this announcement have the same meaning as given to them in the scheme document
containing the Scheme that was sent to UFG Shareholders on 30 July 2013.

   Copies of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at
www.ultimatefinancegroup.co.uk by no later than 12 noon on 6 September 2013.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   Ultimate Finance Group plc (AIM: UFG), a leading provider of financial
solutions to SMEs, is pleased to announce the appointment, with immediate
effect, of WH Ireland Limited as its nominated adviser and sole broker.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

OTHERS

   [News Story] Not for release, publication or distribution, in whole or in
part, in or into any Restricted Jurisdictions or any other jurisdiction where to
do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.

   5 September 2013

   Renovo Group plc Recommended Offer for Ultimate Finance Group plc (to be
implemented by way of a scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act
2006)

   Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by Court

   Ultimate Finance Group plc ("UFG") announces that at a hearing held earlier
today, the High Court of Justice in England and Wales (the "Court") sanctioned
the scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme")
to effect the recommended acquisition of UFG by Renovo Group plc ("Renovo").

   Share Subdivision and Reclassification

   At the Reclassification Record Time (being 5.00 p.m. on 6 September 2013),
each of the Scheme Shares will be subdivided and reclassified in accordance with
the Scheme. Scheme Shares in respect of which valid elections were made and
accepted for cash consideration will be subdivided and reclassified as A Shares.
Scheme Shares in respect of which valid elections were made and accepted for New
Renovo Shares will be subdivided and reclassified as B Shares. Any Scheme Shares
in respect of which no valid election has been made or is deemed to have been
made will be subdivided and reclassified into A Shares and B Shares.

   Conditions

   The Acquisition remains conditional, inter alia, upon the London Stock
Exchange Limited ("London Stock Exchange") agreeing to admit the Existing Renovo
Shares and the New Renovo Shares to trading on AIM, as well as the confirmation
of the Capital Reduction.

   Last Day for Dealings

   In order to ensure an orderly subdivision and reclassification of the Scheme
Shares, the last day for dealings in and for registration of transfers of, and
disablement in CREST of UFG Shares is today, 6 September 2013.

   Suspension of Trading

   A request has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the suspension of
trading in UFG Shares with effect from 7:30 a.m. on 9 September 2013. It is
expected that the Scheme will become effective on 9 September 2013 and that the
cancellation of the admission to trading on AIM of, and cessation of dealings
in, UFG Shares will each take place by no later than 8.00 a.m. on 10 September
2013.

   Upon the Scheme becoming effective, holders of the Scheme Shares will be
entitled to receive 1.05 new ordinary shares in the share capital of Renovo and
6 pence in cash for each Scheme Share held by them at the Scheme Record Time
(6.00 p.m. on 6 September 2013).

   The consideration due to Scheme Shareholders will be despatched to them by no
later than 23 September 2013.

   Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used but not defined in
this announcement have the same meaning as given to them in the scheme document
containing the Scheme that was sent to UFG Shareholders on 30 July 2013.

   Copies of this announcement will be available on the Company's website at
www.ultimatefinancegroup.co.uk by no later than 12 noon on 6 September 2013.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

NET TANGIBLE ASSET

   [Company Release]Continued Growth & Increasing Market Opportunities Ashley
Integration ahead of expectations

   Ultimate Finance Group plc (AIM:UFG), a leading provider of financial
solutions to SMEs, is pleased to announce its Final Results for the year ended
30 June 2011. Source: Company Website

DIVIDEND

   Ultimate Finance Group today announced an interim dividend of 0.45 GBX per
share. The ex dividend date is March 27, 2013 and it is payable on May 23, 2013.


BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

   Ultimate Finance Group plc (AIM: UFG), a leading provider of financial
solutions to SMEs, is pleased to announce the appointment, with immediate
effect, of WH Ireland Limited as its nominated adviser and sole broker.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

COMPANY RELEASE

   [News Story]

http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Unitedkingdom/Stock/News/694
16.html

   Source: London Stock Exchange

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

   Ultimate Finance Group has announced its Annual General Meeting will take
place on November 16, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013


                              433 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Rs161b 2016-17 ADP focuses on ongoing projects

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 104

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government on Tuesday presented an ambitious Annual
Development Programme (ADP) with an allocation of Rs161 billion for execution of
1516 schemes that also include Rs. 36 billion as aid by foreign countries.

The provincial share of ADP is Rs125 billion out of which Rs 12 billion is loan.
Under the ADP for the year 2016-17, work on 1516 developmental schemes would be
launched out of which 1237 are ongoing and 279 are new. In the ADP, maximum fund
has been reserved for ongoing schemes with the focus of completing them on time,
said Finance Minister Muzaffar Said in his budget speech at the Provincial
Assembly.

The finance minister also named those countries which are providing aid to KP
and thanked governments of England, Japan, EU, America, Norway, Germany,
Switzerland, Italy, Australia and some international institutions including UN,
World Bank, USAID and Asian Development Bank for providing aid to KP which is
also increased from existing Rs. 32.88 billion to Rs. 36 billion. This foreign
aid will be spent on 59 developmental schemes during the next fiscal starting
from July 2016, the finance minister added.

Giving the break-up of Rs. 161 billion ADP, the minister said Rs. 12.45 billion
has been earmarked for education sector for which 72 schemes have been planned.
Among these 72 schemes, 64 are ongoing for which Rs. 10 billion is reserved and
eight are new schemes to be completed at Rs. 2.42 billion.

For the Health sector, the ADP contained an allocation of Rs. 10.54 billion to
be utilized on completion of 93 schemes. The major schemes in Health sector are
completion of Peshawar Institute of Cardiology, upgradation of Swat and Dir
hospitals, construction of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical College in Peshawar and
improvement of service structure of all district and tehsil headquarters
hospitals.

The ADP also contained 59 schemes for promotion of Tourism, culture and sports
for which an amount of Rs. 3.11 billion is earmarked. An amount of Rs. 110
million is earmarked for fulfilling basic needs of minority community of the
province. For Communication sector, 330 schemes have been planned in the ADP
which will be completed at a cost of Rs. 10.80 billion. For the Housing sector,
an amount of Rs. 540 million has been reserved for execution of 11 developmental
schemes.

In the ADP for the fiscal year 2016-17, 27 schemes have been planned for urban
development with an amount of Rs. 5.55 billion. The major schemes under this
head included preparation of design for construction of interchange at Peshawar
Ring road, repair and obsolete drinking water pipes and beautification of all
the divisional headquarters.

The ADP also includes 89 schemes for provision of clean drinking water to people
in the province. The schemes would be completed at a cost of Rs. 4.15 billion.
For the Energy sector, 33 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs 40
million has been reserved for it. For the Irrigation sector, 208 schemes have
been planned in the ADP which will be completed at a cost of Rs 6.93 billion.

About 45 schemes have been planned for Agriculture sector for which Rs. 3.98
billion will be reserved. For development of the Industry sector, an amount of
Rs 1.46 billion has been reserved which will be utilized for execution of 26
schemes.

For the Mineral sector, 21 schemes have been planned and an amount of Rs. 620
million has been reserved for it. For the Forest sector, 51 schemes have been
planned and an amount of Rs. Two billion is reserved for completion of these
projects. An amount of Rs. 60 million is reserved for execution of seven schemes
in environment sector of the province. For the Information sector, five schemes
have been planned with a total cost of Rs. 180 million.

Similarly, for Local Government system, an amount of Rs. Six billion is reserved
in the ADP to be utilised over 36 schemes. The provincial government has planned
39 schemes for the Multi Sectoral Development Programme and for this an amount
of Rs. 3.24 billion has been reserved for it. For provincial Home Department and
amount of Rs. 2.42 billion is reserved for execution of 59 schemes including
establishment of phase II of Joint Police Training Center at Nowshera.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The law change

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 659 words


Chapter 1 - overview of changes for scheme users The Chancellor announced at
Budget 2016 that the Government will take action to ensure those who have used
disguised remuneration tax avoidance schemes pay their fair share of tax and
National Insurance contributions. This follows an earlier announcement about the
schemes at Autumn Statement 2015.

There are many types of disguised remuneration schemes. Most seek to pay an
individual in the form of a loan that is not subject to income tax or NICs.
These loans are often interest-free and are designed so that it is unlikely they
will ever be repaid, meaning the individual is free to use the money in the same
way most people would use their salary.

The users of these schemes vary as much as the schemes themselves. They include
... highly paid individuals seeking to avoid large sums of tax and NICs.

The Government's view is that these schemes don't work and they are committed to
ensuring it is clear to promoters and users that these schemes don't work. The
Government will continue to take action, including changing the law, to prevent
these schemes being used.

The Government are also committed to ensuring that those who have used these
schemes in the past aren't allowed to get away with it. To meet this objective,
the Government will introduce legislation to put beyond doubt that all loans or
debts from a disguised remuneration scheme will be taxed as earnings if they
haven't already been fully taxed or repaid on or before April 5, 2019.

The Government will ensure that if you have used or continue to use disguised
remuneration schemes you will have to pay tax and NICs on your remuneration.
Chapter 2 - what the Government intend to achieve The package of changes
announced at Budget 2016 will ensure that those who have used or use a disguised
remuneration tax avoidance scheme will pay tax and NICs on that remuneration as
Parliament intended.

The package of changes will tackle the continued use of disguised remuneration
schemes, the use of disguised remuneration schemes to date and the use of other
similar avoidance schemes, including any involving self-employment.

The Government are committed to tackling all schemes that aim to disguise
payments or other income to individuals in order to avoid paying tax and NICs.

The first part of the package will be enacted in Finance Bill 2016 with the
remainder to follow in later Finance Bills. This will allow time for
consultation to ensure the legislation is targeted and effective.

The Government will take further action in the future if they become aware of
other avoidance schemes or new schemes that are used to try to circumvent these
changes. This could include retrospective action where appropriate.

The message for promoters and users who try to avoid tax is clear - those who
use avoidance schemes to try to get out of paying their fair share of tax and
NICs should never get away with it.

Chapter 3 - background Disguised remuneration tax avoidance schemes were
historically used by employers and individuals to attempt to reduce the amount
they had to pay in tax and NICs on remuneration for employees and directors.

Before 2011, disguised remuneration schemes came in many varieties, but
generally involved the employer paying a contribution to a third party, which
was often an Employee Benefit Trust, instead of paying remuneration directly to
the employee.

The third party would then usually provide the money to the employee in the form
of loans. These loans were often interest-free and were provided on terms that
meant that they would never be repaid during the employee's lifetime.

Users and promoters of these schemes believed the overall effect was that no
income tax or NICs was due and that there were inheritance tax benefits.

HMRC's firm view is that these schemes have never worked and made this view
clear on many occasions.

HMRC are pursuing unpaid tax and NICs liabilities through the courts and will
continue to do so.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2016 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

AMP biggest loser in ongoing battle for KiwiSavers

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 444 words


Massive flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted with the Companies Office.

It appears the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are losing out the
banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

That means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering
among scheme providers.

The schemes competethrough advertising campaigns, special offers, cuts to fees,
and through investing their funds in a bid to sit high in the performance
charts.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes.

Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme from other KiwiSaver schemes.

AMP has been working hard to turn that net negative switching around, cutting
fees, helping them pick suitable funds, in addition to having an online portal
which savers can use to keep tabs on their KiwiSaver.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth.

Nobody from AMP was available to speak on its strategies to turn around its net
funds flow.

By contrast ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers in from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m transferred to other schemes.

Most of the money that left came out of ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

NZX-owned Superlife, which ended the year with assets of just over $406m,
experienced $12m of transfers in, and $13.25m out.

The last of the large schemes to report so far was Aon KiwiSaver, which ended
the year with just under $320m.

Just under $17m was switching in from other schemes and $15.6m went the other
way.

The KiwiSaver Evaluation report published in February provides some insights
into how people choose their KiwiSaver schemes.

Key considerations for people picking a fund included seeking a provider with a
good reputation, one that was financially stable, and one they were familiar
with.

Other factors included recommendations from friends and convenience. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

KiwiSavers can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

Picture: Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 22, 2015 Sunday

Pakistan: LDA takes action against 109 illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1184  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Feb. 22 -- FOLLOWING a large number of public complaints against illegal
housing societies, Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary
legal action against 109 illegal housing schemes here Friday.

Officials said the LDA initiated this action under LDA Act-1975 and warned the
general public to restrain from making any kind of transaction(s) in illegal
housing schemes. They said except LDA no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local bodies or any other
government agency is authorised to approve any private housing scheme/land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013

They said sponsors of housing schemes and land sub-divisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors
are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by
Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the scheme/land
sub-division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme without
getting a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Lahore Development Authority.

Officials said that launching/development of scheme without approval of Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC
from the LDA are illegal actions and punishable under Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975. They said LDA carried out a survey besides collecting land
record from TMAs and after scrutiny the following 109 housing schemes/land
sub-divisions were found illegal. They said LDA had initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act (1975) against these schemes.

The names of the illegal housing schemes and their locations are: New Kashmir
Park (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Madni Garden
(Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madni Garden
Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Scheme
Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village (Near Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road
Lahore), Saleem Garden (Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Aftab Garden
near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza
Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al Haram Garden), Aziz Colony (Near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate (near Elite Town,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3km off Butcher Khana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah HS (Near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore), New Gulshan-e-Lahore (Opposite Subhan Gardens, Off Ferozepur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore), Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme (Sua Aasil, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Haram Garden HS (Near Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga),
Abdullah Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir Estate-II (Near Grand
Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme (Butcher Khana
Distributary, Lahore), Badar Colony (Mouza Thai Panju , Lahore), Bilal Town
(Butcher Khana Distributary, Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna Katcha, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Faisal Town (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore), Akhterabad Housing Scheme
(Purana Kahna, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Broadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division (Near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing
Scheme (Gajjumata Stop, 21km Ferozepur Road), Vital Premium Housing Scheme
(Adjacent to graveyard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road),
Vital DD Housing Scheme (opposite to Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozepur
Road), Vital EE Housing Scheme (adjacent to Shadab Colony, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Vital FF Housing Scheme (adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme
, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme (adjacent to Block E, Pak
Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II
situated at Chandrai Road), Fatima Houses (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Ideal Garden (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Homes (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Park Phase-I (Illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore),
Geelani Park Phase-II (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated
at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Waheed Brothers Colony (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Hajveri Gardens (adjacent to Caltex petrol pump
Near Royal Residencia, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Park Housing Scheme (Illegal
Extension of Green Cap Housing Scheme, Situated at Gajjumata Stop, Ferozepur
Road), Iqbal Park (near Gawala Colony, Off Chandrai Road, Lahore), Anwar Town
(near Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore), Sadat Colony (near Gawala Colony, Mouza
Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore), Faisal Town Phase-II (near Kahna Kacha Stop,
Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme (opposite Sabzi
Mandi, Kacha Road, Lahore), Madina Town (near Hudaira Drain, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore) Madina Avenue (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Rehan Garden (Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Pearl Garden (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Punjab Park phase III (Ferozepur
Road, Lahore), Arshad Garden (UBD Canal), Hajveri Garden (UBD Canal), Nazir
Garden (UBD Canal), IBL Homes (UBD Canal), Mian Aziz Gardens (UBD Canal),
Scholar University Town (UBD Canal), Hafiz Town (Multan Road), Pak Town (Multan
Road), LDA Employees (Multan Road), Park View Villas (Multan Road), C-Pearl
(Illegal extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II (adjacent to Block-E of Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Tayyab Town (College Road), Feroze Park
(College Road), Sharif Park Phase I (College Road), Sharif Park Phase II
(College Road), Hakim Town (College Road), Jeeva Park (College Road), Al Madina
Garden (College Road), Illegal land sub-division (adjacent to NFC Scheme College
Road), Jamal Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Heaven Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Mahnoor Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Johar Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Islam Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Rehman Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Prime Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Mustafa Town (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Ghousia Colony (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Zain Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), illegal sub-division (adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Raiwind Road),
Ata Town Ph-II (GT Road), Tufail Garden (GT Road), Ali Alam Garden (Canal Road),
Khybar Garden (Canal Road), Rizwan Garden (Canal Road), Ali Town (GT Road), Ata
Town (GT Road), Al Khair Garden (Taij Garh, Roar GT Road, Lahore), Ghous Garden
Ph 2 (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore), Asad Town (Sooter Mill Road, GT
Road, Lahore), Al Hassan Town (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore) and others

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

LDA takes action against 109 illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1148  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


FOLLOWING a large number of public complaints against illegal housing societies,
Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary legal action against
109 illegal housing schemes here Friday.

Officials said the LDA initiated this action under LDA Act-1975 and warned the
general public to restrain from making any kind of transaction(s) in illegal
housing schemes. They said except LDA no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local bodies or any other
government agency is authorised to approve any private housing scheme/land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013

They said sponsors of housing schemes and land sub-divisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors
are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by
Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the scheme/land
sub-division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme without
getting a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Lahore Development Authority.



Officials said that launching/development of scheme without approval of Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC
from the LDA are illegal actions and punishable under Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975. They said LDA carried out a survey besides collecting land
record from TMAs and after scrutiny the following 109 housing schemes/land
sub-divisions were found illegal. They said LDA had initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act (1975) against these schemes.

The names of the illegal housing schemes and their locations are: New Kashmir
Park (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Madni Garden
(Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madni Garden
Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Scheme
Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village (Near Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road
Lahore), Saleem Garden (Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Aftab Garden
near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza
Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al Haram Garden), Aziz Colony (Near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate (near Elite Town,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3km off Butcher Khana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah HS (Near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore), New Gulshan-e-Lahore (Opposite Subhan Gardens, Off Ferozepur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore), Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme (Sua Aasil, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Haram Garden HS (Near Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga),
Abdullah Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir Estate-II (Near Grand
Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme (Butcher Khana
Distributary, Lahore), Badar Colony (Mouza Thai Panju , Lahore), Bilal Town
(Butcher Khana Distributary, Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna Katcha, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Faisal Town (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore), Akhterabad Housing Scheme
(Purana Kahna, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Broadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division (Near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing
Scheme (Gajjumata Stop, 21km Ferozepur Road), Vital Premium Housing Scheme
(Adjacent to graveyard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road),
Vital DD Housing Scheme (opposite to Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozepur
Road), Vital EE Housing Scheme (adjacent to Shadab Colony, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Vital FF Housing Scheme (adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme
, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme (adjacent to Block E, Pak
Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II
situated at Chandrai Road), Fatima Houses (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Ideal Garden (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Homes (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Park Phase-I (Illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore),
Geelani Park Phase-II (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated
at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Waheed Brothers Colony (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Hajveri Gardens (adjacent to Caltex petrol pump
Near Royal Residencia, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Park Housing Scheme (Illegal
Extension of Green Cap Housing Scheme, Situated at Gajjumata Stop, Ferozepur
Road), Iqbal Park (near Gawala Colony, Off Chandrai Road, Lahore), Anwar Town
(near Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore), Sadat Colony (near Gawala Colony, Mouza
Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore), Faisal Town Phase-II (near Kahna Kacha Stop,
Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme (opposite Sabzi
Mandi, Kacha Road, Lahore), Madina Town (near Hudaira Drain, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore) Madina Avenue (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Rehan Garden (Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Pearl Garden (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Punjab Park phase III (Ferozepur
Road, Lahore), Arshad Garden (UBD Canal), Hajveri Garden (UBD Canal), Nazir
Garden (UBD Canal), IBL Homes (UBD Canal), Mian Aziz Gardens (UBD Canal),
Scholar University Town (UBD Canal), Hafiz Town (Multan Road), Pak Town (Multan
Road), LDA Employees (Multan Road), Park View Villas (Multan Road), C-Pearl
(Illegal extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II (adjacent to Block-E of Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Tayyab Town (College Road), Feroze Park
(College Road), Sharif Park Phase I (College Road), Sharif Park Phase II
(College Road), Hakim Town (College Road), Jeeva Park (College Road), Al Madina
Garden (College Road), Illegal land sub-division (adjacent to NFC Scheme College
Road), Jamal Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Heaven Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Mahnoor Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Johar Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Islam Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Rehman Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Prime Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Mustafa Town (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Ghousia Colony (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Zain Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), illegal sub-division (adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Raiwind Road),
Ata Town Ph-II (GT Road), Tufail Garden (GT Road), Ali Alam Garden (Canal Road),
Khybar Garden (Canal Road), Rizwan Garden (Canal Road), Ali Town (GT Road), Ata
Town (GT Road), Al Khair Garden (Taij Garh, Roar GT Road, Lahore), Ghous Garden
Ph 2 (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore), Asad Town (Sooter Mill Road, GT
Road, Lahore), Al Hassan Town (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore) and others.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

LDA takes action against 109 illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1148  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


FOLLOWING a large number of public complaints against illegal housing societies,
Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has initiated necessary legal action against
109 illegal housing schemes here Friday.

Officials said the LDA initiated this action under LDA Act-1975 and warned the
general public to restrain from making any kind of transaction(s) in illegal
housing schemes. They said except LDA no other Authority or Town Municipal
Administration/Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local bodies or any other
government agency is authorised to approve any private housing scheme/land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013

They said sponsors of housing schemes and land sub-divisions were not allowed to
develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors
are not allowed to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by
Lahore Development Authority and after the approval of the scheme/land
sub-division, the sponsors are not allowed to advertise the scheme without
getting a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Lahore Development Authority.



Officials said that launching/development of scheme without approval of Lahore
Development Authority and publication of advertisement without obtaining NOC
from the LDA are illegal actions and punishable under Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975. They said LDA carried out a survey besides collecting land
record from TMAs and after scrutiny the following 109 housing schemes/land
sub-divisions were found illegal. They said LDA had initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act (1975) against these schemes.

The names of the illegal housing schemes and their locations are: New Kashmir
Park (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Madni Garden
(Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madni Garden
Extension (Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Scheme
Adjacent to Madhey Shah Village (Near Village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozepur Road
Lahore), Saleem Garden (Near Elite Town, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Aftab Garden
near (Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand), Green Avenue (Mouza
Bagrian Dharam Chand), Abdullah Park (Near Al Haram Garden), Aziz Colony (Near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind), Indus Estate (near Elite Town,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Lahore Gardens (3km off Butcher Khana Distributary,
Lahore), Mian Ji Abdullah HS (Near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Lahore), New Gulshan-e-Lahore (Opposite Subhan Gardens, Off Ferozepur Road),
Subhan Gardens (Purana Kahna, Ferozepur Road Lahore), Gulberg Park Housing
Scheme (Sua Aasil, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Haram Garden HS (Near Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Al-Rehman Foundation HS (Mouza Jia Bhaga),
Abdullah Park (Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Lahore), Sabir Estate-II (Near Grand
Avenue, 28km Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Haji Park Housing Scheme (Madhey Shah
village, Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Madina View Housing Scheme (Butcher Khana
Distributary, Lahore), Badar Colony (Mouza Thai Panju , Lahore), Bilal Town
(Butcher Khana Distributary, Lahore), Roshan Town (Kahna Katcha, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Faisal Town (Mouza Thai Panju, Lahore), Akhterabad Housing Scheme
(Purana Kahna, Off Ferozepur Road Lahore), Broadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division (Near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Cap Housing
Scheme (Gajjumata Stop, 21km Ferozepur Road), Vital Premium Housing Scheme
(Adjacent to graveyard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road),
Vital DD Housing Scheme (opposite to Baraf Khana, Kalamkar Road, Ferozepur
Road), Vital EE Housing Scheme (adjacent to Shadab Colony, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Vital FF Housing Scheme (adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme
, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Vital AA Housing Scheme (adjacent to Block E, Pak
Arab Housing Scheme), Bilal Town (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II
situated at Chandrai Road), Fatima Houses (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Ideal Garden (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Homes (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Geelani Park Phase-I (Illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated at Ferozepur Road, Lahore),
Geelani Park Phase-II (Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, situated
at Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Waheed Brothers Colony (adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Hajveri Gardens (adjacent to Caltex petrol pump
Near Royal Residencia, Defence Road, Lahore), Green Park Housing Scheme (Illegal
Extension of Green Cap Housing Scheme, Situated at Gajjumata Stop, Ferozepur
Road), Iqbal Park (near Gawala Colony, Off Chandrai Road, Lahore), Anwar Town
(near Kahna Stop, Defence Road, Lahore), Sadat Colony (near Gawala Colony, Mouza
Chandrai, Chandrai Road, Lahore), Faisal Town Phase-II (near Kahna Kacha Stop,
Off Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Mian Qasim Estate Housing Scheme (opposite Sabzi
Mandi, Kacha Road, Lahore), Madina Town (near Hudaira Drain, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore) Madina Avenue (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Rehan Garden (Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), Pearl Garden (Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Punjab Park phase III (Ferozepur
Road, Lahore), Arshad Garden (UBD Canal), Hajveri Garden (UBD Canal), Nazir
Garden (UBD Canal), IBL Homes (UBD Canal), Mian Aziz Gardens (UBD Canal),
Scholar University Town (UBD Canal), Hafiz Town (Multan Road), Pak Town (Multan
Road), LDA Employees (Multan Road), Park View Villas (Multan Road), C-Pearl
(Illegal extension of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road,
Lahore), F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II (adjacent to Block-E of Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ferozepur Road, Lahore), Tayyab Town (College Road), Feroze Park
(College Road), Sharif Park Phase I (College Road), Sharif Park Phase II
(College Road), Hakim Town (College Road), Jeeva Park (College Road), Al Madina
Garden (College Road), Illegal land sub-division (adjacent to NFC Scheme College
Road), Jamal Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Heaven Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Mahnoor Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Johar Villas (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Islam Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Rehman Park (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Prime Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Mustafa Town (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), Ghousia Colony (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi Road), Zain Homes (Khyaban-e-Ferdosi
Road), illegal sub-division (adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Raiwind Road),
Ata Town Ph-II (GT Road), Tufail Garden (GT Road), Ali Alam Garden (Canal Road),
Khybar Garden (Canal Road), Rizwan Garden (Canal Road), Ali Town (GT Road), Ata
Town (GT Road), Al Khair Garden (Taij Garh, Roar GT Road, Lahore), Ghous Garden
Ph 2 (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore), Asad Town (Sooter Mill Road, GT
Road, Lahore), Al Hassan Town (Bagh Wali Puli Road, GT Road, Lahore) and others.


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 29, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical scheme law 'works against' the cover you need;
The requirement that each option, or plan, must be self-supporting prevents
medical schemes from offering a package of basic benefits to all members for the
same price, no matter which option they joined, a healthcare adviser says. Laura
du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 957 words


The law that regulates medical schemes does not support the best advice on how
you should cover your healthcare expenses, a member of the healthcare industry
sector group at the Financial Planning Institute says.

Anthea Towert, who is also the head of scheme consulting in the technical and
actuarial consulting solutions division of Alexander Forbes, says the best
advice is to increase your healthcare cover as you progress through the
different stages of your life.

Although medical schemes offer different options to meet your changing needs,
these options do not appear to be sustainable, she says.

Financial advisers and healthcare brokers are obliged, in terms of the Financial
Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, to give you advice that is in your best
interests, Towert says, and the best advice is that you buy healthcare cover
that is appropriate for your needs at each life stage.

Typically, Towert says, your healthcare needs are minimal when you are a young
adult, and so the best advice is for you to join a low-cost hospital plan option
that offers sufficient cover for catastrophic events and emergencies.

If you have children, you will need an option with better maternity benefits
and, probably, day-to-day benefits, she says.

As you enter your forties and fifties, you are likely to develop chronic
illnesses, and so you will need an option with good chronic benefits, Towert
says.

Your medical needs are typically greatest in retirement, and the best advice is
to join an option with the richest benefits you can afford.

Unfortunately, Towert says, in most cases there is an inverse relationship
between people's incomes and their healthcare needs, because income typically
peaks in middle age and then tapers off in retirement. Younger members of
medical schemes tend to over-insure and are unable to save for their healthcare
needs when they are older, while older members tend to opt for cheaper options
with less cover than they need, resulting in more out-of-pocket payments, she
says.

Although the way medical schemes structure options and allow members to change
options each year appears to suit different life stages, the Medical Schemes|Act
works against this ideal, because it requires each option to be self-supporting,
Towert says.

Collecting sufficient contributions to cover the claims and expenses within each
option is almost impossible to achieve because of various shortcomings in the
regulation of schemes and because schemes have to keep options affordable for
members, she says (see "Shortcomings in the way medical schemes operate," left).

As a result, most schemes rely on their middle-of-the-range options, which
generate a surplus, to subsidise options that are loss-making.

The Council for Medical Schemes tends to turn a blind eye to this
cross-subsidisation, because forcing schemes to comply fully with the
requirement that options be self-supporting would destabilise the industry,
Towert says.

'law needs to change'

The law that regulates medical schemes needs to change so that schemes can offer
you cover that matches your needs at the lowest price, Towert says. These
changes should be in line with the amendments to the Medical Schemes Act that
were proposed in 2008, she says.

It was proposed that a scheme must set a contribution rate for the benefits that
are common to all its options, rather than price on a per- option basis. This
would result in a scheme offering a block of basic benefits, such as private
hospital cover, the prescribed minimum benefits and some primary healthcare
(care at the most basic level, such as that from a general practitioner), that
would cost the same on all its options, Towert says.

Currently, members on options that tend to attract sicker, older|people pay more
for benefits that are common to, for example, a hospital option that tends to
attract younger, healthier members.

If a set of basic benefits were priced across a scheme, top-up benefits could be
offered on the different options and priced according to the richness of the
benefits, Towert says. However, the total cost would be lower for older, sicker
members on the more comprehensive options, because they would enjoy some
cross-subsidisation of their common benefits from younger, healthier members.

Unfortunately, the amendments to the Medical Schemes Act proposed in 2008 were
withdrawn when government decided to focus on National Health Insurance (NHI).

Towert says it is clear that NHI cannot replace private healthcare cover for
another 15 to 20 years, and in the meantime schemes need to be affordable and
sustainable.

The Council for Medical Schemes has submitted proposed amendments to the Medical
Schemes Act to the Department of Health, but says it cannot confirm whether a
proposal to require schemes to set contributions for common benefits is among
them.

In addition to the amendments proposed in 2008, Towert says other key reforms
are needed to ensure the survival of private healthcare while NHI is rolled out.
They are:

u Risk equalisation, which would ensure the risk-pooling of a package of basic
benefits across all medical schemes, rather than across the options of a single
scheme. This would reduce costs.

u Regulated tariffs, which is the only way in which healthcare costs can be
controlled, Towert says.

All medical schemes could be required to provide a package of basic benefits
that is priced across all the options in each scheme and risk-equalised across
all schemes, Towert says.

Schemes could then structure top-up benefits to suit the life stages of their
members: young, single|people, families and older people. This would be more
cost-effective than the current structure and would prevent older people from
having to compromise on their medical care, Towert says.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                                Surveys Edition

Members are in it together

BYLINE: David Jackson

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 1032  words


Members are in it together

Risk pool money is shared, along with the obligation to abide by the rules,
writes DAVID JACKSON

MEDICAL schemes are obliged to include in their rules specific information for
the benefit of their members - such as what they actually pay for, how medical
scheme tariffs are determined and what medical conditions are covered. The
legislation in terms of which medical schemes are governed falls under the ambit
of the Medical Schemes Act and its accompanying regulations.

Heidi Kruger, Head of Corporate Communications for the Board of Healthcare
Funders, points out that medical schemes are run on a co-operative basis in
which the total amount of money in the medical scheme pool belongs to all of its
members, & so all members need to know how that money is spent& In addition, in
terms of securities, medical schemes are required to invest their reserves
prudently as laid down in the regulations.

The rules state that in the event of any change in contributions, membership
fees, prescriptions, benefits or any other condition affecting their membership,
schemes are required to give advance notice of such changes. The rules also
cover the terms and conditions that apply when admitting a prospective new
member and their dependants. The rules also define a & dependant& which in
certain circumstances can include common-law partners and their progeny.

Members' contributions are sometimes based on income, or the number of
dependants - or both. & But the rules do not allow for contributions to be
determined on grounds of age or gender, past or present state of health or the
frequency of health services that may previously have been provided to an
applicant,& says Kruger.

& This is where community rating principles kick in, which makes medical aid
different from medical insurance products - everybody is entitled to be treated
equally, in terms of the social solidarity principles on which today's medical
schemes operate.& The rules also determine the scope and level of minimum
benefits available to medical scheme members and beneficiaries by law, known as
the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs). No limit is placed on amounts paid back
to members for health services obtained at a public hospital, where these comply
with the general scope and level of medical services laid down in the PMBs.

The rules also provide for the payment of benefits according to a scale, tariff
or recommended guide - or specific directives prescribed in the rules of a
scheme (such as a requirement to obtain treatment from the scheme's network of
healthcare providers). Dependants are entitled to the same benefit options as
the main member.

The rules are designed to serve the best interests of medical scheme members as
a whole, Kruger notes, as well as providing built-in checks and balances to
ensure everyone is treated equally and fairly.

& Because every member's money goes towards making up the risk pool from which
the scheme pays out benefits, if one particular member claims inappropriately,
it affects everybody. So the rules need to be understood - and bought into - by
everybody investing into that pool of money.& Members who have difficulty
understanding aspects of the rules should seek clarity from their medical scheme
. Most schemes have call centres with access to consultants who will respond to
queries.

& If advice is being sought on a complex issue, members need to find out from
their scheme exactly what is covered. Generally, it is not in the interests of a
scheme to decline treatment for a medical condition that, should it worsen,
could become more expensive to deal with.

& Where members' pooled money is involved, schemes are obliged to look after
that money on behalf of all members. Therefore it is important that money is
used efficiently for the treatment of genuine medical complaints.

& There may sometimes be a perception that a medical scheme is trying to avoid
paying for a medical service, but often it's because the need for that
particular treatment or procedure is not clear or justified. Very seldom will a
medical scheme refuse to pay for a legitimate healthcare need provided for in
its rules.& Dr Humphrey Zokufa, CEO of the Board of Healthcare Funders, points
out that the administrators of most medical schemes have a panel of clinicians
and doctors, guided by experts, who are constantly looking at the latest best
practice methods in healthcare and the efficacy and cost of new drugs coming
onto the market, which in turn helps to determine treatment procedures and
protocols.

& There is so much wastage in the healthcare system that these managed care
interventions, formularies and treatment guidelines have to be put in place,
otherwise the escalating cost of healthcare will be pushed to unaffordable
levels,& says Zokufa.

On the issue of waiting periods to join medical aid schemes, Kruger says that
medical schemes can impose a general waiting period of up to three months on
prospective new members or their dependents, who were not members of a medical
scheme for a period of at least three months preceding the application - and a
condition-specific waiting period of up to 12 months.

This condition-specific waiting period is designed to protect other scheme
members in instances where new members may undergo an expensive medical
procedure on joining - then exit the scheme soon afterwards. & This is not fair
on the other members who have been contributing regularly over a period of
time,& says Kruger.

For those applicants who have been a beneficiary of a medical scheme for a
continuous period of up to two years, and who terminate their former scheme
membership less than 90 days before the new application, the new scheme can
impose a 12-month condition-specific waiting period - except for the prescribed
minimum benefits.

Another important aspect relating to medical scheme rules, says Zokufa, is that
where schemes have a savings account component, the rules are required to
specify what percentage of the medical aid premium will be put towards the
member's savings account.

This can vary according to the various benefit options, and up to 25% is allowed
by law to be allocated to a personal medical savings account.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                November 4, 2012

Shape of pensions to come

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1208 words


The Irish pensions industry is in a state of turmoil. Most defined benefit
schemes are seriously underfunded and the Pensions Board has asked trustees to
come up with solutions to deal with the funding shortfall.

With lower disposable incomes and falling markets, more and more savers are
opting out of pension schemes. It is expected that this situation will worsen if
the government alters the tax rates on pension contributions in the budget.

John Tuohy, chief executive of the pension consultancy Acuvest, has long called
for the pension industry to be recalibrated. The company is currently working
with a large number of Irish corporates restructuring their pension schemes.

**Ian Kehoe:**The Pensions Board wants to extend the deadline for defined
benefit pension schemes to submit funding proposals until June 2013. Acuvest has
said that companies should give serious thought to winding down defined benefit
(DB) schemes. Why?

**John Tuohy:**There is a misconception that DB schemes provide a guaranteed
retirement income. They might offer employees the "promise" of a final
salary-related pension, but that "promise" in many cases may well be
unsustainable, particularly in the case of the 80 per cent of DB schemes which
are underfunded.

A guaranteed pension can only be offered if the employer can guarantee that the
company will be the provider of last resort. How many companies today can
realistically give that sort of undertaking -- in effect writing a blank cheque
to meet the liabilities of its DB pension scheme?

**IK:**Most people believe that DB schemes are the safest and best run.
Certainly, they are seen to be more valuable that a defined contribution. Do you
disagree?

**JT:**It is understandable that many employees subscribe to the theory that a
DB scheme is automatically better than a DC scheme. After all, they have been
led to believe that a DB scheme provides them with a guaranteed retirement
income, although no such guarantee is possible.

A well-managed and well-funded DC plan, where members of the scheme have
ownership of the assets is, we believe, a more realistic model for the future.

**IK:**Do you think many DB schemes will collapse?

**JT:**Some DB schemes have already collapsed, and Waterford Wedgwood is
probably the best recent example.

Given the scale of the underfunding, we believe that DB schemes need to be
realistic about some fundamental structural issues -- increased longevity, poor
investment returns, low interest rates, inflation and a decrease in the numbers
of active members, compared to the number of pensioners.

If these issues are not addressed, then some DB schemes will inevitably have to
be wound up.

The Minister for Social Protection has stated, on the one hand, that "defined
benefit schemes are a very important element of pension provision and we want
them to survive in the future" while, on the other hand, she has undermined
already under-funded DB schemes with a 0.6 per cent levy on scheme assets every
year for four years.

The legislators have consistently failed to address the unfairness of a
situation where pensioners have first call on the assets when a scheme is wound
up, and there is a real danger that active and deferred members of DB schemes
will find that there are not enough funds in the kitty to pay the pension they
were promised.

Inter-generational equity, where pensioners, active and deferred members enjoy
equal status, is long overdue.

**IK:**What is the alternative? Is defined contribution the answer?

**JT:**The way forward is about people having individual retirement savings. In
that respect, it is most like DC.

However, there needs to be more focus on ongoing management, investment
governance and lower costs than there is today.

The recent government report on pension costs highlighted that the costs of DC
schemes were too high. So, ultimately, a better-managed and well-funded DC
scheme, where both employer and employee make realistic contributions, is a far
better option than an underfunded DB scheme which makes promises to its members
that it may not be able to keep.

Pension schemes were originally introduced by good employers who wanted to
improve the living standards of employees and their families when they were no
longer able to work.

Much later, the concept was broadened and DB pension schemes were born and
eventually became the norm. In practice, however, the DB promise has turned out
to be far more generous than employers and employees ever envisaged.

Pensions are now paid out before people are no longer able to work and, with
increased longevity, for far longer than was ever anticipated.

**IK:**If a start-up company came to you looking to set up a pension scheme from
scratch, what advice would you give?

**JT:**Most progressive companies want to do best by their employees. If a small
start-up company has the resources to make contributions to a DC pension scheme
for its employees, that's fine, but many start-up companies will have limited
resources for this scale of contributions.

If a major overseas company was establishing a presence in Ireland and sought
our advice on what sort of pension scheme it should have, we would unequivocally
recommend a DC scheme into which both employer and employees would make
contributions

**IK:**What do you make of the government's sovereign annuities plan?

**JT:**The availability of sovereign annuities as a way to help DB schemes to
address their funding difficulties is welcome as far as it goes. But it must be
borne in mind that being able to price annuities relative to currently
high-yielding Irish sovereign bonds comes at a price.

In the case of conventional annuities which are priced in relation to German
bonds, the risk of default is borne by the insurance company selling those
annuities.

By contrast, in the case of sovereign bonds, the risk of default is borne by
those receiving the annuity -- in other words individual pensioners.

**IK:**Most people have seen the value of their pension plan depleted by poor
investment returns. Many have stopped saving. What would you advise them to do?

**JT:**It is true that managed pension funds have struggled to keep pace with
inflation in the past ten years, leading many people to wonder whether it's
worth continuing to put money away for their retirement.

However, given that an estimated 50 per cent of people are going to be relying
solely on the state pension when they retire, we believe it is essential that
every incentive is given to people to continue to save for their retirement.

Retrograde steps such as the 0.6 per cent levy and the speculated reduction in
the tax relief for pension contributions are hardly compatible with this.

**IK:**Most companies hand over responsibility for pension schemes to their
trustees. Should there be more involvement by management?

**JT:**The relationship between employees and employer is most often one of
trust. Individual employees, who are members of a DC scheme, can't decide the
provider, the fund options, the contributions rates etc.

They assume that their employer is looking after their best interests in
overseeing the scheme for them, whether directly or via the trustee mechanism.
So it is a problem if management is not monitoring the effectiveness of the
scheme that it sponsors.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday

More than 10,000 people die annually in Karachi due to contaminated water

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 322

LENGTH: 400  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) survey report published
on Friday said that in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of
renal infection caused by contaminated water.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

Now fact is that 58% of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result,nearly 47% of the total population remains unserved by the water supply
schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98% of the functional schemes are providing
unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water charges
per scheme, figure out to Rs. 2 per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes. On the overall, 75 % of the total 718 nonfunctional schemes have
been found as temporarily closed.

The Chairman said the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes
are financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water
delivery and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or
transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95% water sources of the functional schemes,
are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has been found
in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, 9% of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16% of the
schemes are 20-25 years old, 28% schemes are between 15-20 years old, whereas
47% schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years.

It necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes. These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and
future water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

'Joining' pyramid scheme is a crime;
New law means people recruiting others to scam can be prosecuted - not only
mastermind

BYLINE: Austin Chiu austin.chiu@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 516 words


People who join pyramid schemes could find themselves in court as well as out of
pocket under a new law  which took effect this month.

Under Hong Kong's 30-year-old Pyramid Selling Prohibition Ordinance, only the
masterminds behind pyramid selling schemes - in which participants hand over
cash and must recruit more members in order to profit - could be prosecuted.

By the time a pyramid scheme has collapsed, the mastermind has usually fled with
the profits, but the new Pyramid Schemes Prohibition Ordinance,  which took
effect on January 1, makes anyone involved liable for prosecution. The new law
also closes a loophole allowing people who ran pyramid schemes that did not
involve the sale of goods or services to avoid prosecution.

"As the principle behind a pyramid scheme is to exploit the naivety of the
participants, it is likely that unsophisticated participants might find
themselves losing their investments, as well as being prosecuted," said Joseph
Kwan,  a partner in law firm Deacons.  "The fact that criminal liability is to
be imposed on participants in pyramid schemes means that the public has the
burden of assessing whether a scheme is legitimate."

The new law imposes stiff penalties on anyone who tries to recruit others into a
pyramid scheme. The maximum penalty has been increased from a HK$100,000 fine
and three years in jail to HK$1 million and seven years.  Courts will also be
able to order perpetrators to compensate  victims of the scheme.

Kwan said companies engaged in genuine multi-level marketing should review their
strategies to avoid falling foul of the scheme. Genuine multi-level marketing
involves the sale of a legitimate product or service, such as insurance.
Salespeople  receive a share of  sales by any other salesperson they  recruit.

In pyramid schemes, any reward is entirely or substantially based on the
recruitment of new members. Any product or service offered will have little or
no real value.

"The law seeks to prohibit multi-level marketing schemes which do not involve a
genuine underlying business," Kwan said. "There are, of course, risks to
operators of genuine multi-level marketing schemes, who might find their schemes
falling within the scope of the revised definition of pyramid scheme.

"A genuine scheme should avoid a substantial link between the reward and the
introduction of new participants. The link should be between the reward and the
sale of genuine goods and/or services."

But Professor Henry Fock Kwong-yin, a marketing expert at Baptist University,
said the new law could help restore confidence in multi-level marketing.

And he said he hoped the stiff penalties would encourage victims of pyramid
schemes to report the situation to authorities, rather than recruiting more
members in an attempt to make good their losses.

"In most  cases, before the scheme  breaks the mastermind [behind it]  will have
run away."

Records show that there were 10 complaints about suspected pyramid schemes
between 2007 and September of last year, with 27 people arrested. Due to
insufficient evidence, none of them were prosecuted.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Investor Compensation Schemes - Frequently asked Questions

LENGTH: 2246  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, July 13 -- European Commission has issued following Press Release:

1) What are Investor Compensation Schemes?

Investor Compensation Schemes protect investors using investment services by
providing compensation in cases where an investment firm is unable to return
assets belonging to an investor. This might occur for example where there is
fraud or negligence at a firm or where there are errors or problems in the
firm's systems. It does not cover investment risk: for example, when an investor
has bought stocks which then fall in value. In the EU, Investor Compensation
Schemes are covered under a Directive dating back to 1997 (97/9/EC).

Investor compensation schemes are a last resort safety net.

2) Why is the Commission proposing a review of Investor Compensation Schemes?

This initiative is part of a broader package on compensation and guarantee
schemes that comprises the proposal for amendment of the Directive on Deposit
Guarantee Schemes (DGSD) and a White Paper on the insurance schemes. Overall,
the package represents a fundamental step towards restoring consumer confidence
in financial markets.

The review is in line with the Commission Communication of 4 March 2009 "Driving
European recovery", the more recent Commission Communication of 2 June 2010 on
"Regulating Financial Services for Sustainable Growth" and G20 objectives which
underline the need to address any regulatory loopholes in the regulatory and
supervisory system, to reinforce the protection of consumers, investors and
small businesses in order to favour their access to capital markets and to
restore their confidence in the financial system.

The Investor Compensation Schemes Directive (ICSD) was adopted in 1997 and
provides for clients receiving investment services from investment firms to be
compensated in specific circumstances where the firm is unable to return money
or financial instruments that it holds on the client's behalf.

Ten years after the ICSD entered into force, and in the context of the financial
crisis, it is necessary to revise the functioning of the ICSD in order to ensure
that it continues supporting its overarching objectives - to protect investors
and to assist the proper functioning of the single market for investment
services.

A number of frauds in Member States have resulted in important losses to small
investors and the functioning of the schemes has shown several limits, as also
emerged from numerous complaints received by the Commission and relating to the
lack of sufficient compensation and delays in payments by the schemes.

Moreover, the Directive needs to reflect changes in the regulatory framework and
market developments since 1997. The ICSD was adopted to complement the
Investment Services Directive (93/22/EEC), which has subsequently been repealed
by the Market in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC), otherwise known
as MiFID. The review of the ICSD thus needs to take into account the new
framework established under MiFID for the provision of investment services
across Europe.

The ICSD was also initially modelled on the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive
(94/19/EC), which was revised during the crisis in order to increase its level
of coverage and is being further modified in other areas. The modifications of
the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive (DGSD) need to be reflected, where
appropriate, in the framework of the ICSD.

3) What are the objectives of the proposal?

The revision aims at increasing the protection provided to investors under the
Directive and strengthening confidence in the use of investment services,
updating and improving the practical functioning of the schemes and keeping pace
with regulatory evolution.

The main proposals, in line with the overarching objectives of the revision, are
to:

*

increase the level of compensation payable to investors under the Directive from
a minimum of [#x20ac]20 000 to a fixed level of [#x20ac]50 000.

*

remove the option under which investors could bear a proportion of up to 10% of
the loss within the compensation limit.

*

set out in more detail how investor compensation schemes should be funded
including requiring a sufficient level of pre-funding to ensure soundly funded
schemes.

*

provide for greater cooperation between schemes including the possibility of a
borrowing mechanism between national schemes that could operate as a last resort
tool.

*

reduce delays in the payout of claims to investors including provision for
partial payouts to be made if claims are not settled within a specified period.

*

clarify that all investment services and activities covered under MiFID should
be subject to the ICSD and that if firms de facto hold client assets
(irrespective of restrictions on their authorisation or the nature of their
investment service) then clients should be entitled to compensation under the
ICSD.

*

provide that investors have the right to be compensated by the scheme also in
the case of failure of a third party custodian resulting in the investment firm
not being able to return the client's assets.

*

extend coverage to provide for compensation to UCITS unit holders (collective
investment schemes) when there is a loss of assets due to the failure of the
depositary of a UCITS scheme or a sub-custodian.

*

provide for investors to receive more detailed information from firms about what
is covered and not covered under compensation schemes.

4) What are the protections that investors are entitled to under the existing
Directive and how is this different from the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive?

The Directive protects clients when they entrust money or financial instruments
to an investment firm. Clients must be compensated by schemes in two situations
derived from reasons directly related to the financial circumstances of the
firm:

*

if a firm is unable to repay money owed or belonging to a client and held on the
client's behalf in connection with investment services; or

*

if a firm is unable to return to a client a financial instrument belonging to
the client and held, administered or managed on the client's behalf.

The Directive does not compensate investors for "investment risk" (the risk that
an investment will result in a loss) and operates only as a last resort safety
net for clients of investment firms if other important safeguards fail.

Claims under the Directive typically arise if there is fraud or other
administrative malpractice within a firm or due to inability to fulfil
obligations towards clients' assets as a result of a firm's errors, negligence
or problems in the firm's systems and controls.

The Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive provides for bank account holders to be
compensated up to a specified limit if the bank is not in a position to pay back
the money.

5) Why is it necessary to increase the level of compensation?

When the Directive entered into force in 1997, it provided for a minimum level
of compensation of [#x20ac] 20 000. This amount has not been amended and there
are concerns that it might be too low. The compensation limit of [#x20ac] 20 000
was never adjusted to reflect inflation or the increased exposure of European
investors to financial instruments since 1997. There are also concerns that
significant discrepancies have developed between different Member States in
compensation limits that could lead to investor arbitrage. So, in addition to
increasing the compensation limit to [#x20ac] 50 000 to more accurately reflect
the average value of assets held by firms for investors, the amendments will
provide that this should be a harmonised rather than a minimum level.

6) Why is it considered necessary to cover third party custodians?

The Directive does not cover a potential failure of a custodian with whom an
investment firm has deposited a client's assets. So, in a case where a third
party custodian is not able to return the financial instruments to the firm or
the client, the client will not be able to benefit from any compensation payment
under the Directive.

This creates a potentially large gap in coverage under the Directive as whether
an investor is eligible for compensation may depend on whether the investor's
investments are being held by the firm or by a third party. Further, investors
may not be aware of this difference under the Directive.

7) Why is it considered necessary to cover collective investment scheme
depositaries and sub-custodians?

Unit holders in collective investment schemes, also known as UCITS, are
currently not entitled to compensation if a depositary or sub-custodian fails to
return assets. In recent cases, such as the recent Madoff case, unit holders in
collective investment schemes have suffered loss due to such failures. It is
therefore considered appropriate to extend the scope of coverage under the
Directive to allow investors to claim in such situations.

8) Why is it necessary to set a common regulatory framework related to the
funding of the schemes?

The Directive currently provides very little detail about how schemes should be
funded apart from making it clear that the funding should come from market
participants.

Since the Directive commenced there have been some high profile cases where, due
to problems of funding, the national investor compensation scheme has had
insufficient funds to pay out claims.

Sound funding arrangements are critical to the effectiveness of compensation
schemes in achieving the Directive's objectives. Funding can affect the ability
of schemes to meet their obligations under the Directive, how rapidly clients
can be compensated and the contributions required from firms in the event of
losses.

The proposed revisions therefore provide further details about how schemes
should be funded. This includes calculating a target funding level (cf question
11) and having a defined amount of pre-funding (i.e. funding in anticipation of
future claims) (cf question 11).

9) Why is it considered necessary to introduce a borrowing mechanism across
national schemes?

Together with the establishment of consistent funding rules between Member
States, the introduction of cooperation arrangements among national schemes will
provide greater protection to investors and will promote investor confidence in
investment services. It will also favour the harmonisation of practices adopted
by national schemes in fulfilling their obligations, thus reducing the risk of
regulatory arbitrage by Member States. A borrowing mechanism among schemes is
introduced as a last resort tool. The system is based on the principle of
cooperation between national schemes. These measures should provide schemes with
an alternative back up source of funding, under specific conditions and on a
temporary basis.

More details about the borrowing mechanism are set out below:

*

schemes should have the right to borrow from the other schemes if their funds
are insufficient to cover their immediate needs;

*

a portion of ex-ante funding in each compensation scheme will have to be
available for lending to other schemes;

*

the European Securities Market Authority (ESMA), one of the future European
supervisory authorities, should receive any borrowing request, assess whether
the relevant requirements are met and, if this is the case, transmit it to the
other schemes;

*

loans should be repaid to the lending schemes no later than five years after the
request. Interest should accrue on the loans; the interest rate shall be
equivalent to the marginal lending facility rate of the European Central Bank;

*

the borrowing mechanism should be limited to the claims covered under the
Directive. For instance, schemes will not be able to borrow for any needs
arising from the default of entities not included in the scope of the Directive;

*

to avoid the situation where the funds available for lending at EU level are
rapidly exhausted, a limit of 20% of the portion set aside for lending may be
used for each case.

10) Why are there proposals to introduce strict payout delays?

In the functioning of the Directive, there has been evidence of significant
delays in certain situations before claims have been paid out to investors. For
example, in one case payouts took almost four years. While the payment of claims
under this Directive are not as urgent as payment of claims for deposits under
the DGSD, significant delays can undermine investor protection and investor
confidence in the use of investment services. For this reason, the proposal
provides that, if final payment has not been made within nine months of the date
when the firm is declared unable to meet its obligation, the investor should
receive a partial compensation based on the initial assessment of the claim.

11) How are the Investor Compensation Schemes to be funded?

The target fund level should represent at least 0.5% of the value of the assets
covered by the protection of the schemes. The target fund level should be
financed with regular contributions from members of the schemes (such as banks,
investment firms, investment funds). When funds collected in anticipation of
future claims are not sufficient to meet their obligations, the schemes should
make additional calls for contribution to their members. The additional
contributions shall not exceed 0.5% of the assets covered by the protection of
the schemes.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Utility Week

                                 April 4, 2008

Taking the direct route

SECTION: EARLY SECTION

LENGTH: 1341 words



HIGHLIGHT: As debt has gone up, the number of people on direct payment schemes
has gone down. But the government has no plans to expand third party deduction
schemes, says Cathryn Bullimore


With five of the six big energy suppliers announcing significant price rises
since the start of the year and water bills expected to increase by more than 5
per cent, what is the future for one of the schemes to help vulnerable customers
meet their bills?

It seems that despite calls for expansion from groups representing both the
water and energy industries, the government has no plans to change Fuel Direct
or Water Direct. These are two of the Department for Work and Pensions' (DWP)
third party deduction (TPD) schemes, which help people on certain benefits who
are in arrears with utility bills.

The DWP says the number of people with utility TPDs has "steadily declined over
the past ten years". Figures show that in 2001 there were 65,000 people claiming
Fuel Direct, and by 2007 this had dropped to just over 46,000. The DWP puts this
down partly to a rise in employment and partly to the increased availability and
use of budgeting mechanisms such as pre-payment meters and repayment plans.

The DWP makes its position very clear: "Ministers have no plans to expand the
scope of the TPD scheme, which is a last-resort welfare provision for a
vulnerable minority. The DWP has, however, advised utility companies how best to
ensure the maximum number of people who qualify for the scheme are helped by
it."

This goes against demands from a wide alliance of organisations all calling for
the scheme to be expanded. Citizens Advice, the National Consumer Council,
Energywatch, the Energy Retail Association (ERA), Water UK and the Consumer
Council for Water (CCWater) all believe that access to a TPD scheme is essential
for some of the poorest utility customers and that the scheme should be
broadened.

A spokesman for Water UK says: "It provides customers who struggle to manage
their finances with an ability to budget for their water bill and get out of
debt. The DWP has always seen this scheme as a scheme of last resort. We believe
it should be an option of choice."

Customers approve

Analysis from UK Water Industry Research (UKWIR) shows that customers like the
Water Direct scheme and want to see it expanded. Ninety-one per cent said they
find the scheme useful, 88 per cent said it is useful in clearing debt and 86
per cent agreed that the scheme should be available to customers on benefits but
not in arrears. Seventy-eight per cent also thought payments should be collected
from a bigger range of benefits, widening the appeal and ease of collection.

The ERA and Energywatch both back Fuel Direct. Richard Bates, Energywatch's
strategic development manager, says: "Energywatch believes that Fuel Direct
remains a vital lifeline for those consumers who are in receipt of the
qualifying benefits and at risk from disconnection and is a valuable alternative
to the premium prices that accompany pre-payment meters when installed for
debt."

Although they support the schemes, all the stakeholders involved agree the
current arrangements have a range of shortcomings - many centring on the problem
that both Fuel Direct and Water Direct are "too much of a quick fix" and do not
address the long-term problem of debt and payment issues.

In a recent discussion paper, Energywatch suggested several ways to modernise
the scheme, including combining Fuel and Water Direct into one 'Unity Direct'
because, as it points out and is well known to utilities: "Fuel debt seldom
occurs in isolation."

The energy watchdog also wants to see the government use bank accounts for the
basis of the scheme - a move in line with the government's own agenda on
financial inclusion - and it wants the qualifying criteria to be widened to
include more benefits, particularly working tax credits.

The 'postcode lottery' is another target for improvement. Energywatch says
recipients of qualifying benefits or tax credits should opt in to the scheme
according to their circumstances. Currently, it says, eligibility is decided by
different benefits offices exercising their discretion over the application of
Fuel Direct.

Other Energywatch suggestions include making the scheme available to in-work,
low-income consumers and giving it greater publicity.

Debt prevention

But getting consumers out of debt is also seen as one of the main priorities.
Energywatch suggests that a new Fuel Direct Debit should contribute towards debt
prevention as well as debt resolution. The watchdog wants it to be more flexible
to allow people to use it before they get into debt, "removing the perverse
incentive that currently exists to run up debt in order to get on the Fuel
Direct scheme".

The ERA backs this call. A spokesman says: "The main failure of the scheme is
that it does not end the spiral of debt for many consumers. For example, in
order to claim, a consumer must be in debt and as soon as the debt is cleared
the scheme is withdrawn, so the consumer falls straight back into debt. The
scheme needs to be extended to allow the consumer to gain some financial
stability by being supported on the scheme for a period after the debt has been
cleared."

The ERA wants the scheme to be expanded to "achieve greater levels of financial
capability and inclusion". It also criticises the lack of publicity and public
information about the availability of the scheme.

CCWater is also campaigning for more flexibility. It has already called for the
government to overhaul the current system so that individual claimants would be
allowed to make choices about payment methods, rather than the route being
prescribed by the government.

Like its energy counterpart, water watchdog Ofwat wants consumers to be allowed
to join the scheme and remain on it when they are not in arrears. It also wants
the government to extend the scheme to include all income replacement benefits,
including working tax credits, and for consumers to be allowed to stay on the
scheme when moving from one benefit to another.

CCWater policy manager Barbara Leech says: "The DWP has confirmed that it has no
plans to reduce or remove the scheme, but equally there is no plan to extend the
scheme to any other benefits. The government has a policy which encourages
people to take personal responsibility and expanding it too much would go
against that objective."

Water UK backs the call to see the schemes expanded to combat debt. It points
out that its latest assessment for revenue outstanding - or unpaid water bills -
indicates that the figure is now around £930 million in the UK - an increase of
8 per cent over and above the increase of 5.5 per cent on household charges. It
says that there were more than four million households with revenue outstanding
in 2006/07.

A spokesman explains: "We believe the scheme could be extended and provide more
support for more customers and prevent low-income customers getting into debt in
the first place."

All the organisations involved have lobbied the government to try to get the two
schemes expanded and altered, but as yet, there has been no change of stance at
the DWP.

Energywatch's Bates says: "We've lobbied individually and in concert with a
range of interested organisations, but the government has so far been steadfast
in stating that the scheme will retain its current form."

Commons call

The government has also faced calls to review the current system from the House
of Commons Treasury Committee. In 2006, the committee said: "In the near term,
changes to the third party deduction scheme could provide an easy way of
improving the ability of those on benefits to manage bill payment. We recommend
that the DWP carry out a full review of this scheme with a view to its
expansion."

But the DWP remains opposed to the idea of any expansion. It says it would
prefer consumers to manage their bills themselves.

A spokesperson explains: "The vast majority of our customers manage to budget
for their utility bills with no intervention from the department. Our customers
- like most other people - are able to choose how they spend their income and we
would only seek to intervene when other options had been exhausted."l

Cathryn Bullimore is a freelance journalist

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2008 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Utility Week

                                 April 4, 2008

Taking the direct route

SECTION: EARLY SECTION

LENGTH: 1341 words



HIGHLIGHT: As debt has gone up, the number of people on direct payment schemes
has gone down. But the government has no plans to expand third party deduction
schemes, says Cathryn Bullimore


With five of the six big energy suppliers announcing significant price rises
since the start of the year and water bills expected to increase by more than 5
per cent, what is the future for one of the schemes to help vulnerable customers
meet their bills?

It seems that despite calls for expansion from groups representing both the
water and energy industries, the government has no plans to change Fuel Direct
or Water Direct. These are two of the Department for Work and Pensions' (DWP)
third party deduction (TPD) schemes, which help people on certain benefits who
are in arrears with utility bills.

The DWP says the number of people with utility TPDs has "steadily declined over
the past ten years". Figures show that in 2001 there were 65,000 people claiming
Fuel Direct, and by 2007 this had dropped to just over 46,000. The DWP puts this
down partly to a rise in employment and partly to the increased availability and
use of budgeting mechanisms such as pre-payment meters and repayment plans.

The DWP makes its position very clear: "Ministers have no plans to expand the
scope of the TPD scheme, which is a last-resort welfare provision for a
vulnerable minority. The DWP has, however, advised utility companies how best to
ensure the maximum number of people who qualify for the scheme are helped by
it."

This goes against demands from a wide alliance of organisations all calling for
the scheme to be expanded. Citizens Advice, the National Consumer Council,
Energywatch, the Energy Retail Association (ERA), Water UK and the Consumer
Council for Water (CCWater) all believe that access to a TPD scheme is essential
for some of the poorest utility customers and that the scheme should be
broadened.

A spokesman for Water UK says: "It provides customers who struggle to manage
their finances with an ability to budget for their water bill and get out of
debt. The DWP has always seen this scheme as a scheme of last resort. We believe
it should be an option of choice."

Customers approve

Analysis from UK Water Industry Research (UKWIR) shows that customers like the
Water Direct scheme and want to see it expanded. Ninety-one per cent said they
find the scheme useful, 88 per cent said it is useful in clearing debt and 86
per cent agreed that the scheme should be available to customers on benefits but
not in arrears. Seventy-eight per cent also thought payments should be collected
from a bigger range of benefits, widening the appeal and ease of collection.

The ERA and Energywatch both back Fuel Direct. Richard Bates, Energywatch's
strategic development manager, says: "Energywatch believes that Fuel Direct
remains a vital lifeline for those consumers who are in receipt of the
qualifying benefits and at risk from disconnection and is a valuable alternative
to the premium prices that accompany pre-payment meters when installed for
debt."

Although they support the schemes, all the stakeholders involved agree the
current arrangements have a range of shortcomings - many centring on the problem
that both Fuel Direct and Water Direct are "too much of a quick fix" and do not
address the long-term problem of debt and payment issues.

In a recent discussion paper, Energywatch suggested several ways to modernise
the scheme, including combining Fuel and Water Direct into one 'Unity Direct'
because, as it points out and is well known to utilities: "Fuel debt seldom
occurs in isolation."

The energy watchdog also wants to see the government use bank accounts for the
basis of the scheme - a move in line with the government's own agenda on
financial inclusion - and it wants the qualifying criteria to be widened to
include more benefits, particularly working tax credits.

The 'postcode lottery' is another target for improvement. Energywatch says
recipients of qualifying benefits or tax credits should opt in to the scheme
according to their circumstances. Currently, it says, eligibility is decided by
different benefits offices exercising their discretion over the application of
Fuel Direct.

Other Energywatch suggestions include making the scheme available to in-work,
low-income consumers and giving it greater publicity.

Debt prevention

But getting consumers out of debt is also seen as one of the main priorities.
Energywatch suggests that a new Fuel Direct Debit should contribute towards debt
prevention as well as debt resolution. The watchdog wants it to be more flexible
to allow people to use it before they get into debt, "removing the perverse
incentive that currently exists to run up debt in order to get on the Fuel
Direct scheme".

The ERA backs this call. A spokesman says: "The main failure of the scheme is
that it does not end the spiral of debt for many consumers. For example, in
order to claim, a consumer must be in debt and as soon as the debt is cleared
the scheme is withdrawn, so the consumer falls straight back into debt. The
scheme needs to be extended to allow the consumer to gain some financial
stability by being supported on the scheme for a period after the debt has been
cleared."

The ERA wants the scheme to be expanded to "achieve greater levels of financial
capability and inclusion". It also criticises the lack of publicity and public
information about the availability of the scheme.

CCWater is also campaigning for more flexibility. It has already called for the
government to overhaul the current system so that individual claimants would be
allowed to make choices about payment methods, rather than the route being
prescribed by the government.

Like its energy counterpart, water watchdog Ofwat wants consumers to be allowed
to join the scheme and remain on it when they are not in arrears. It also wants
the government to extend the scheme to include all income replacement benefits,
including working tax credits, and for consumers to be allowed to stay on the
scheme when moving from one benefit to another.

CCWater policy manager Barbara Leech says: "The DWP has confirmed that it has no
plans to reduce or remove the scheme, but equally there is no plan to extend the
scheme to any other benefits. The government has a policy which encourages
people to take personal responsibility and expanding it too much would go
against that objective."

Water UK backs the call to see the schemes expanded to combat debt. It points
out that its latest assessment for revenue outstanding - or unpaid water bills -
indicates that the figure is now around £930 million in the UK - an increase of
8 per cent over and above the increase of 5.5 per cent on household charges. It
says that there were more than four million households with revenue outstanding
in 2006/07.

A spokesman explains: "We believe the scheme could be extended and provide more
support for more customers and prevent low-income customers getting into debt in
the first place."

All the organisations involved have lobbied the government to try to get the two
schemes expanded and altered, but as yet, there has been no change of stance at
the DWP.

Energywatch's Bates says: "We've lobbied individually and in concert with a
range of interested organisations, but the government has so far been steadfast
in stating that the scheme will retain its current form."

Commons call

The government has also faced calls to review the current system from the House
of Commons Treasury Committee. In 2006, the committee said: "In the near term,
changes to the third party deduction scheme could provide an easy way of
improving the ability of those on benefits to manage bill payment. We recommend
that the DWP carry out a full review of this scheme with a view to its
expansion."

But the DWP remains opposed to the idea of any expansion. It says it would
prefer consumers to manage their bills themselves.

A spokesperson explains: "The vast majority of our customers manage to budget
for their utility bills with no intervention from the department. Our customers
- like most other people - are able to choose how they spend their income and we
would only seek to intervene when other options had been exhausted."l

Cathryn Bullimore is a freelance journalist

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2008 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               November 28, 2006
                              Business Day Edition

Equality in health schemes mooted

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 409  words


Equality in health schemes mooted

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - Government has published proposed amendments to the Medical Schemes
Act which, if passed by Parliament, will pave the way for the establishment of a
fund to level the playing field between medical schemes with different risk
profiles.

The Risk Equalisation Fund aims to introduce crosssubsidisation between medical
schemes - a bid to ensure consumers pay the same fee for basic health care
regardless of which scheme they belong to.

The draft bill also proposes cross-subsidisation within medical schemes. At
present, schemes charge different rates for the same services on different
benefit plans.

Stephen Harrison, the Council for Medical Schemes' head of research, said the
fund would see people belonging to schemes with more young and healthy members
paying into the fund, while schemes with higher-risk profiles would be net
beneficiaries.

The council's equalisation fund project specialist, Boshoff Steenkamp, said
estimates suggested that about 200000 of SA's 6,8-million medical scheme members
would pay in more than R90 a month.

About 800000 people would see their monthly contributions fall by more than R90
a month, while about 450000 people would see monthly cuts of between R90 and
R60.

Steenkamp said a detailed analysis of the effect of the proposed fund would be
possible only once the bill was enacted.

The draft bill is expected to come before Parliament by mid-2007. Detailed
regulations would then be published for comment, and schemes would have to be
notified of the financial implications of the equalisation fund before it could
be implemented, said Harrison.

The equalisation fund was therefore likely to come into effect only in 2009, he
said.

The draft Medical Schemes Amendment Bill also includes measures to regulate the
governance of medical schemes.

The bill would give the registrar of medical schemes, Patrick Masobe, greater
oversight of the election of medical scheme trustees - a process that has been
"open to manipulation", according to Harrison. The bill also clarifies the
definition of a medical scheme's principal officer, in an effort to stop schemes
making these nonexecutive posts.

Schemes would have to seek approval from the registrar if they wished to
terminate the principal officers' contracts before they expired - an effort to
provide greater protection should the principal officer blow the whistle on
irregular practices within the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                  May 29, 2006
                              Business Day Edition

Some dark spots show up on X-ray of Discovery's 'fit' medical aid scheme

BYLINE: Rob Rose

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 520  words


Some dark spots show up on X-ray of Discovery's 'fit' medical aid scheme

THE Discovery Health Medical Scheme, the core of the business that pumps cash
into Discovery Health, may claim it is "fighting fit", but how true is this?

This is important; not only does Discovery Health rely on the medical scheme for
"administration fees" but the scheme is the largest private medical aid in SA,
with 1,7-million members.

But consider this. In 2004 the medical scheme made a "surplus" (profit) of
R1,4bn. Last year it fell to a R106m deficit (loss). Crucially, its solvency
margin dropped from 23% to 20%, a figure that means its reserves of R2,9bn are
equal to a fifth of its total contributions of R14,7bn.

This shows the scheme failed, again, to comply with the Medical Schemes Act,
which says schemes must have a 25% solvency ratio. And it's slipping.

Also, nine of the 13 options the scheme offers (including its flagship Classic
Comprehensive option) made losses, even though the act says all options should
be self-sustaining.

This sounds worse than it is. After all, the scheme is a not-for-profit entity,
and although its reserves dropped last year, there is still a R2,9bn comfort
layer.

But why did it slip backwards? In its financials, it says this was due to
"exceptional membership growth" and an increase in claims - partly due to
"uncertainty" over medicine pricing.

But it is also worth taking a gander at costs. Last year, total administration
costs grew 21% to R1,8bn - while membership grew 11,6%.

Now, although the medical scheme doesn't make "profits", Discovery Health (which
is owned by Discovery Holdings) makes money from the scheme through
"administration expenses", money earned for work in administering the scheme,
including processing claims and other services.

But what does jump out at you is that the medical scheme paid 27% more money to
Discovery Holdings last year - R1,58bn in hard cash. The scheme also paid
Discovery R373m (up 17%) for "managed care services".

So the question arises: is the medical scheme being sucked dry by the holding
company?

Jacky Mathekga, the scheme's principal officer, says this 27% increase can be
easily explained. He says it comes from an 11,6% growth in members, 4,4% from
inflation, 4,2% for "ancillary services" that the scheme bought and 7% because
Discovery Health took on board many of the medical scheme's staff. (Mathekga
says the scheme's actual staff costs, meanwhile, dropped by 7%).

"This ancillary agreement (worth R78m) was something we put in place with
Discovery, where we pay them for improving services, speeding up the payment of
claims and improving their efficiency," he said.

Either way, the health-care industry is clearly struggling.

Discovery Holdings' healthcare division made only a 9% increase in operating
profit for the six months to December, compared with a 32% increase overall. But
for the scheme itself, the flight of fees to the holding company is watched by
the Council for Medical Schemes.

As it is, because the scheme doesn't meet the 25% solvency level, it must report
monthly to the council. And further slip-ups will be keenly monitored.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                               December 22, 2005

Provident accused over pension scheme changes

LENGTH: 514 words



HIGHLIGHT: Unions today attacked Provident Financial for trying to "force" staff
out of its final salary pension scheme by doubling the contributions they have
to pay.


Unions attacked Provident Financial today for trying to "force" staff out of its
final salary pension scheme by doubling the contributions they have to pay.

The specialist lender said it was raising employee contributions to the scheme
from 7% of members' pay to 14% from April next year.

The Bradford-based group said the pension, into which it contributes 31% of
staff's pay, was simply too expensive to run at current contribution levels.

The move comes as the group introduces a new cash balance pension scheme, and it
is keen to get as many of its staff as possible to move out of the final salary
scheme into the cash balance scheme.

This week Rentokil Initial became the first FTSE 100 company to say it planned
to close its final salary scheme to all members, sparking predictions from
pensions experts that other large firms would follow.

And it was revealed yesterday that Compass has drawn up plans to reduce the
benefits that members of its final salary pension schemes enjoy.

Under Provident's cash balance scheme, members will have 20% of their salary
paid into a pension pot each year, and the company guarantees the value of the
pot will increase annually in line with the retail price index plus 1.5%, up to
a cap of 6.5%.

Staff will only have to contribute 5% of their salary, with the firm making this
up to 20% a year once investment returns have been factored in.

But the TUC said Provident was effectively closing its final salary scheme by
the back door by dramatically increasing contributions to an unaffordable level.

"It sounds like they don't want to keep the final salary scheme going," said a
TUC spokesman. "They are upping contributions to a very high proportion of your
salary that most people won't be able to afford.

"It seems they are forcing members into an inferior pension scheme."

Provident announced last week that its final salary pension scheme currently had
a 133m deficit.

It said it would be paying a 31m lump sum into the scheme this month, and hoped
to have the deficit closed by the middle of next year.

Around 2,200 of Provident's UK workforce of 3,500 are currently members of the
final salary scheme.

The group said it had held discussions with staff before setting up the new cash
balance plan, and the company was also paying for its workers to take financial
advice on which scheme they should be in.

A spokeswoman for Provident said: "The proposed changes to the Provident
Financial final salary pension scheme arrangements will benefit both the company
and members of the scheme.

"Staff will benefit from membership of a scheme that protects past benefits and
is more secure. The scheme is now fully funded and the level of investment risk
has been reduced with a shift away from equities and towards bonds and gilts.

"The cash balance option is an attractive pension scheme which is more
sustainable in respect of future service. The option remains for those who wish
to stay in the final salary scheme to do so, albeit at a far greater level of
member contribution."

She added that the move also helped to reduce the company's open-ended
liability.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2005 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              450 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 18, 1986

Weekend Money: A share of the action / Company attitudes to share option schemes

BYLINE: By ANNA MILNE

LENGTH: 1364 words


Share option schemes offer shares in return for commitment - not as glamorous as
ballots and priority applications. And companies appear to have been far keener
to introduce schemes tailor-made for executives than the two schemes designed
for all employees regardless of rank. Since executive schemes became available
in 1984, the Inland Revenue has approved a total of 1,825. This compares with a
combined total of 1,147 for the other two schemes which have both been running
longer.

But attitudes to share option and profit-sharing schemes may be changing as
companies become less uncomfortable about the difficulties of administering
schemes open to all employees.


Of nine companies canvassed for their opinions, all but two were running schemes
for all workers. Of the two which were not, one was Argyll, which says it is now
considering a scheme for all workers. Mr Colin Smith, group financial controller
at Argyll recalled having been sceptical two years ago, particularly because of
the relatively high staff turnover in the retail trade, but after watching
schemes elsewhere he noted a 'reasonable take-up among employees,' adding
'Certainly at Sainsbury's they seem pleased with the way it motivates staff. '

The companies canvassed do not reflect the pattern shown in the Inland Revenue
figures, but there are two possible reasons for this.

The nine approached - Barclays Bank, ICI, Hanson Trust, Sainsbury's, Marks and
Spencer, Beecham, Asda-MFI, GKN and Argyll - are among the largest companies in
the country. They are probably well equipped to deal with the administrative
headaches said to deter others from establishing schemes open to all. Several
companies were also running two schemes in tandem: one for the high fliers, and
one for the rest. This is probably widespread and may help explain the dismal
look of the Inland Revenue statistics.

Nevertheless many small or medium-sized companies may shy away from the two
egalitarian schemes because of the administrative challenge. And many of these
companies are the ones most eager to push their decision makers to drive the
company forward. An executive share option scheme is supposed to help keep the
pressure on.

Hanson Trust is no whippersnapper as an entrepreneurial company but this latter
view is the one which still prevails there.

Hanson was the only company of the nine which seemed truly unimpressed by the
idea of opening the share register to all employees:

'We believe that share option schemes are most appropriate for those employees
who are making management decisions and are therefore directly affecting
earnings per share,' says Hanson director, Mr Martin Taylor.

My Taylor also claims that the fact that half his company's employees work in
the United States poses a dilemma: 'It might be a problem to offer it to one lot
and not the other. '

Asda-MFI is new convert to workers' share-owning democracy. Since the company
set up its scheme in July, nearly all the 20,000 employees eligible have joined.
Asda did not see its retailing bias as a disincentive to starting the scheme:
'We see this as a way of motivating people who otherwise might leave quickly or
not take much interest in their work,' explained a spokesman. His own view was
that the schemes will be more appealing to people now that they understand more
about share ownership as a result of all the recent big issues. Asda-MFI is
almost certainly one of the companies Argyll's Colin Smith has in mind when he
says his company has been eyeing the attitudes of competitors to share options.

But he is also feeling more kindly disposed towards them because 'you can now
buy the paperwork off the shelf. '

If companies in the Argyll and Asda-MFI league continue to set up schemes for
all their workers, it is likely that some of the smaller companies will also
begin to get the bug.

In that case, everyone should know how the schemes work and what to look out for
if your company offers you its very own watered down version of TSB or British
Gas.

The most venerable of the schemes now available was set up by the 1978 Finance
Act. This is known as a profit sharing scheme rather than a share option scheme
and must, by law, be open to all employees. The company sets up a trust and
makes tax deductible contributions to it - from profits - for the purchase of
shares on behalf of those employees who say they want them. The employees own
the shares and can receive dividends from the day they sign up. But the shares
must normally be held for five years before they can be sold.

The other workers' scheme was set up by the 1980 Finance Act. Under this scheme,
which must also be open to everyone, employees sign up for an option to buy a
certain number of shares at some time in the future. To be sure they have the
money to pay for the shares when they are available, they must join a National
Savings or building society Save As You Earn (SAYE) scheme. If a participant
chooses to collect shares at the end of the contract, the price will be close to
the market value at the time the contract started. Alternatively, the option can
lapse and the participant may take the proceeds of the SAYE contract instead of
shares.

The first of the two schemes is attractive because the participant gets
something for nothing - the shares. Great if their value rises steadily during
the years of the contract, but not so good if they dip, especially around the
time when you would have the right to sell. With the other scheme, participants
must dig into their own pockets to pay for their shares. That doesn't sound so
good, but if the shares do drop in value, you can at least waive the option and
walk away with the SAYE proceeds.

If you are a middle or senior manager with prospects, you may be offered a
chance to join a scheme set up under the 1984 Finance Act. Although not set up
specifically for executives, it is the one most suitable for them, and the
company is allowed to offer it to selected individuals only. As with the scheme
set up by the 1980 Act, participants sign up for an option to purchase shares at
some time in the future. When the time comes to take up the shares, they buy
them at the market price prevailing when the option was taken out. However,
there is no requirement to save for the purchase, and ceilings on the amount to
be bought are much higher. The potential killing to be made is bigger too.

All the schemes are more attractive to employees of publicly quoted companies -
because of the potentially buoyant market for the shares and the complications
that can arise with disposal of shares in private companies. The exception, of
course, is the private company which plans eventually to go public. Those who
get their shares cheaply through options may have a chance to enlarge their
investment many times over.

If you are offered the chance to join a share option scheme you should:

Make sure it is being set up under one of the three Finance Acts mentioned. This
is important because if you take part in a new scheme which does not conform to
one of these laws and have Inland Revenue approval, you will not get the
favourable tax concessions they offer.

Have the scheme properly explained to you.

Check the rules of the scheme, in particular any penalties imposed for breaking
the contract early. With the scheme set up under the 1978 Finance Act, for
example, tax penalties are normally imposed on those who take their share
entitlement within five years.

Remember that with an SAYE linked scheme you do not have to take shares. You can
keep the cash you have built up instead.

Keep within any time limits imposed for collecting shares through any of the
schemes. You will be sorry if you let things ride for six months only to find
that you are no longer entitled to exercise your option.

Keep an open mind. It may seem as though the company is asking for a piece of
your soul when it suggests that you sign up for its shares. But this can be a
good opportunity to join in its progress and hopefully make some money as well.
And it may even beat queues and ballots as an introduction to share ownership.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              451 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Funds of Rs. 139.9 million issued for 47 new development schemes of Mirpurkhas

LENGTH: 247 words

DATELINE: New York



 MIRPURKHAS: The Divisional Commissioner of
 Mirpurkhas Shafiq Ahmed Mahesar has said that a web of development
 works would be spread across the district, as it is among top
 priorities of Sindh Government and district administration.


      He said this while presiding over a meeting which held to review
 the performance of development schemes here on Friday.
      The Commissioner was briefed that work is underway on 271
 development schemes with the cost of Rs.1.8 billion. These
 schemes include 1 scheme of agriculture with cost of Rs. 5.3872
 million, 10 schemes of health with cost of Rs. 44.1 million, 40
 schemes of physical planning and health with cost of Rs. 328
 million, 184 schemes of rural development with cost of Rs. 1280
 million, 30 schemes of water supply and drainage with cost of
 Rs.86 million, 6 schemes of education with cost of Rs. 123 million.
      Besides, funds of Rs. 139 million have been issued for new
 47 schemes. In new schemes, Rs. 9 million have been issued for 2
 development schemes of health, Rs. 14 million for 5 schemes of
 physical planning and health, Rs. 115 million for schemes of
 rural development, Rs. 1 million for a scheme of water supply and
 drainage, Rs. 140 million for 57 schemes of different departments.
      Shafiq Ahmed Mahesar warned the officials that no any
 negligence would be tolerated in development works.
 He asked them to ensure timely completion of all projects. The meeting was
attended by engineers and officers concerned.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       March 7, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Bold Thinking on Consolidation Needed, Says PLSA DB Taskforce

LENGTH: 721  words


March 7 -- The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association today (Monday) released
the second report by its Defined Benefit (DB) Taskforce, 'The Case for
Consolidation'. The report outlines how consolidation into new superfunds could
tackle the issues which place an unacceptable, and mostly unrecognised, risk on
scheme members.

In its first report the DB Taskforce identified that members of schemes with the
weakest employers - schemes which hold 42% of liabilities of schemes in deficit
- have just a 50:50 chance of seeing those benefits paid in full. These schemes
are stuck with a choice between trying to manage this risk through heavy
reliance on struggling sponsors or hoping to reach buy-out levels of funding
which few can afford. There is a clear and pressing need for an alternative
option.

'The Case for Consolidation' examines four models that offer trustees an
additional option that would alleviate the level of risk carried by scheme
members.

1. Shared services: combining administrative functions across schemes achieving
cost savings through economies of scale. Especially beneficial to small and
medium schemes and brings an estimated aggregate saving for schemes of 0.6
billion per year.

2. Asset pooling: different schemes' assets are pooled and managed centrally
while individual schemes retain responsibility for their governance,
administration, back office functions and most advisory services. Especially
beneficial to small and medium schemes and brings an estimated aggregate saving
for schemes of 0.25 billion per year.

3. Single governance: different schemes' assets are consolidated into a single
asset pool; governance, administration and back office functions are also
combined. Estimated aggregate saving for schemes of 1.2 billion per year;
comprised of savings from shared services (0.6 billion), asset pooling (0.25
billion) and single governance cost-benefits (0.36 billion).

Options one to three present valuable savings but do not materially reduce the
risk faced by members of DB schemes. The DB Taskforce's report outlines a
further potential option - the superfund.

4. Superfund, full merger: designed to absorb and replace existing schemes.
Employers and trustees are discharged from their obligations for future benefit
payments which would be paid from the superfund. According to modelling for the
DB Taskforce, a consolidator like this could improve security for savers in CG41
schemes - reducing the probability of seeing their scheme fail from 65% to close
to 10% or even less.

Ashok Gupta, Chair of the Defined Benefit Taskforce, commented:

"There's a general assumption that 100% of DB scheme members are guaranteed 100%
of their benefits. That is the intention but it will not be the reality. The
reality is that savers in weaker schemes have a 50:50 chance of seeing their
benefits paid in full. The Taskforce wants to find ways to improve those odds
and building on its first report looked at four models of consolidation.

"We think the biggest gains lie in the merger of schemes, into what we have
called superfunds. We believe superfunds have the potential to offer great
benefits to members, employers, the regulator, the industry and the economy.

"Members get a better chance of more pension benefits being paid. Employers get
a lower cost alternative to a buy-out. The regulator gets a sector with better
managed risks. The economy benefits from improved investment by superfunds and
employers are freed from onerous DB burdens."

Graham Vidler, Director of External Affairs, Pensions and Lifetime Savings
Association, said:

"The Taskforce was asked to think about solutions and it has - including the new
and bold idea of superfunds. There's work to be done on developing the superfund
idea and the Taskforce will be analysing it in detail over the coming months so
we can contribute fully to the Government's Green Paper consultation."

'The Case for Consolidation' can we found on our website here.

We have provided a set of Q&A to answer any initial queries you may have -
please see Notes to Editors.

Ashok Gupta will present 'The Case for Consolidation' on 9 March at the PLSA
Investment Conference in Edinburgh. The session will be web-streamed live and
available to view by registering here
(https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/7G3TW2F).

Source: National Association of Pension Funds

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             August 28, 2016 Sunday
                             Business Times Edition

No clean bill of health for state monitor

BYLINE: CHRIS BARRON

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 1395  words


Dire Diagnosis: Understaffed council has allowed state medical scheme to
approach insolvency and others to flout law

No clean bill of health for state monitor

Members were allowed to join, leave without penalties, then join again when
another op is needed

You find schemes short-funding the claims and expecting members to pay the
balance

CONFIDENT assertions by the Council for Medical Schemes that all 83 of the
country's registered medical schemes are financially healthy seem to have been
blown out of the water by recent revelations that the state medical aid scheme
is on the brink of insolvency.

The council, which answers to the minister of health, is the body responsible
for regulating and monitoring the country's medical schemes and protecting the
interests of millions of members.

It was mired in controversy under the leadership of former CEO and registrar
Monwabisi Gantsho, whose contract was allowed to expire while he sat at home on
full pay for more than a year, and a R7-million forensic investigation, whose
findings have yet to be made public, was conducted against him for corruption.

Two-and-a-half years later, the council is still under the acting leadership of
its overworked chief financial officer, Daniel Lehutjo.

Questions about its competence have been angrily batted away with statements
that the schemes under its regulation are "nowhere close to collapsing".
Solvency ratios across the industry were stable, it announced in its latest
annual report.

Solvency ratios point to a medical scheme's likely ability to pay its members'
claims and are a key indicator of a scheme's financial health.

The Medical Schemes Act requires all medical schemes to maintain reserves of at
least 25% of annual contributions.

But according to a report this week in Business Day, the Government Employees
Medical Scheme has a solvency ratio of around 5%.

Lehutjo says the average solvency ratio for medical schemes last year was 33%,
although he concedes that "some" are at less than the required 25%. The Gems
solvency ratio is around 9%, he insists.

According to the scheme's principal officer, Guni Goolab, this was last year.
Its reserves have fallen since then, he says.

"Nine percent is the audited figure, 5% is the projected figure," explains
Lehutjo.

Either way, its reserves are dangerously below what the law requires. Why did
the council allow that to happen?

The council has had the state medical scheme on "close monitoring since its
inception in 2006, because they have never reached the required 25%", Lehutjo
says.

He doesn't seem deterred by the manifest failure of the "close monitoring" over
the past 10 years to arrest the decline of its reserves.

Nor is the council about to try anything more drastic.

"Close monitoring is the action we're taking to make them reach the required
solvency level," he says.

Allowing the state scheme to flout the solvency regulations that apply to other
medical schemes was one of several "concessions" the government made when the
scheme was introduced, he says.

"There were other concessions made by government to say there will not be
waiting periods and there will not be underwriting."

This means that, unlike other medical schemes, members of the state scheme have
been allowed to join it, enjoy immediate access to full benefits irrespective of
existing health issues, leave it without any penalties, and then join it again
when another medical procedure or operation needed funding.

Predictably, it has been a disastrous business model.

For instance, in 2015, according to Goolab, 5000 members joined it for less than
a year, during which period 70% of them were admitted to hospital.

The scheme's claims ratio was 90%, way above average.

"It is a big problem," agrees Lehutjo.

But when the scheme alerted the council to the problem, it was told it was an
industry-wide problem.

It got worse and now the council has met with Gems, which has said it will begin
to do underwriting in October.

"Because they've identified that as a problem," says Lehutjo.

The question is, why did the regulator not identify it as a problem?

Was there no monitoring?

Lehutjo defers to his head of benefits management, Paresh Prema.

"One of the reasons we meet with schemes is to discuss their business plan,"
says Prema. "To monitor what controls they're putting in place to deal with this
experience they're going through around abuse, where people are coming on
without being underwritten.

"This is one of the issues they've identified they need to deal with in response
to increasing claims they're getting."

The council is also paying more attention to managed care and pre-authorisation
of hospital benefits, he adds, implying that not much attention was paid to
these basics before.

While this potential disaster was unfolding, the council issued a press release
reaffirming its commitment to "ensuring a healthy medical scheme industry where
medical schemes and other regulated entities are properly governed".

How can the council claim it is committed to ensuring schemes are properly
governed when it allows them to flout the law?

Prema in effect concedes this is what was happening.

"The underwriting provisions of the act were never implemented because there
wasn't an abuse of it. What they're experiencing now is abuse, which they're
dealing with."

He says the council is going to see where there may be abuse by providers as
well as members, although it is not able to regulate providers.

"This is not just a Gems issue, it is an issue experienced by the industry as a
whole."

This is reflected in the number of complaints to the council, which has
rocketed, says Thembekile Phaswane, senior manager of complaints adjudication.
Most of them concern attempts by schemes to make their members pay for
prescribed minimum benefits.

Too many administrators supposedly managing the day-to-day operations of the
schemes don't comply with the legislation, she says.

"The act is clear that PMBs must be funded. But you find systems in place where
instead of funding those claims in full, where members have complied with all
the requirements, medical schemes are short-funding the claims and expecting
members to pay the balance," she says.

They're "cheating" their members.

The council won a recent court case against Genesis Medical Scheme, which
refused to pay for prescribed minimum benefits obtained from a private hospital,
arguing that the member was covered for these benefits only from state
hospitals.

"We went to court because we had seen an escalation in this," says Phaswane.

"Members were being exposed financially. They were expected to fund claims from
their own pockets."

This was "very widespread in the past", she says. "We still see some medical
schemes doing this. It always came down to interpretation. Now that the case has
been finalised, we expect full compliance."

Complaints to the council are also rocketing because medical schemes are failing
to deal with them.

"When members raise issues, medical schemes are not responding," she says.

They don't have complaints resolution mechanisms in place and their call centre
staff are not properly trained.

"Members want their complaints to be escalated to people who have the requisite
skills to handle those matters. They just give up and come to the regulator."

The regulator itself is seriously understaffed, hence its focus now on getting
medical schemes and their boards of trustees to up their game.

"We're saying to medical schemes they must take ownership of those complaints
because it's their members."

She says the schemes' boards of trustees often don't understand what their
fiduciary duties are.

"We've called trustees to a workshop to explain to them what is expected of
them."

Lehutjo, 52, was a teacher until he joined the council 14 years ago and became
chief financial officer. He has been acting registrar for two and half years.

He says the forensic report on Gantsho was submitted to the minister of health,
and "sections" were referred to the Hawks. In July 2015.

Since then, nothing?

"You are aware of the challenges in the Hawks," he says. "I can't be happy with
the delay, but that is outside our control."

Meanwhile, he is hoping that a permanent registrar will be appointed sooner
rather than later. He has been doing the job of chief financial officer as well
as registrar and admits the strain is getting to him.

HAMPERED: CMS acting CEO Daniel Lehutjo is doing two jobs

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Govt fails to convince MPs opposing tax amnesty scheme

BYLINE: Imran Ali Kundi

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 312

LENGTH: 530  words


The government has estimated to generate Rs125 billion through Income Tax
(Amendment) Bill, 2016 by bringing 500,000 non-taxpayers into tax net, said
FBR's member (Inland Revenue-Policy).

Rehmatullah Khan Wazir was briefing National Assembly Standing Committee on
Finance on Tuesday. The government would generate a minimum of Rs46.5 billion
from the proposed tax amnesty scheme, he added.

Briefing the National Assembly Standing Committee, Chairman FBR Nisar Khan
dispelled the impression that recently announced scheme was an amnesty scheme.
This is not amnesty scheme as it is special procedure for the traders to bring
them into tax net as introduced for the other sectors, he said. The government
wants to broaden tax base with the help of this initiative, he added.

He briefed the committee that seven tax amnesty schemes had been introduced in
the country from 1958 to 2008. Sharing details of the schemes, he said that
government generated Rs3.16 billion from amnesty scheme introduced in 2008, Rs10
billion in 2000, Rs141 million in 1997 and Rs270 million in amnesty scheme
announced in 1976.

Committee member Murad Saeed of PTI showed serious reservations over the
recently announced tax amnesty scheme by saying, The government has introduced
this scheme entirely on political basis to get benefit before general election
due in 2018. How will the scheme help broaden the tax base when seven amnesty
schemes from 1958 to 2008 had not expanded the tax net? he asked from the
government.

PPP's MNA Dr Nafisa Shah also opposed the amnesty scheme. She asked why the
scheme is traders specific only, saying opportunity should be equally available
to all other sectors including manufacturing, services and other professionals
like lawyers, teachers, doctors.

Another committee member Abdul Rashid Godil of MQM also criticized the
government for announcing tax amnesty scheme for the traders only. He said that
government should also give an opportunity to landlords and services sector to
take benefit from the recently announced tax amnesty scheme. Secretary Finance
Dr Waqar Masood said current scheme is not an amnesty scheme as government has
given an opportunity to traders to become tax filers. No one would be able
whiten his property, assets and shops under the proposed scheme, he claimed.

The committee decided to approve the 'The Income Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2016' on
Thursday after considering recommendations of the Senate Standing Committee on
Finance. The PML-N government on January 1 announced a tax amnesty scheme to
whiten the black money up to Rs50 million by paying a nominal 1 percent tax.

Chairman FBR informed the members that government had initiated reforms in FBR,
as it started eliminating concessionary regime and tax exemptions worth Rs220
billion had been withdrawn in last two years. Similarly, the FBR issued notices
to 2,50,000 non-taxpayers and also introduced differential taxation system for
filers and non-filers to broaden the tax base of the country.

Later, the National Assembly's Standing Committee on Finance approved the Equity
Participation Fund (Repeal) Bill, 2014 and the offences in respect of banks
(Special Courts) amendment act, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Ambitious plan: Govt increases BISP fund by Rs5 billion

LENGTH: 438  words


The government has announced an ambitious annual plan for alleviating poverty
and creating more jobs, involving steps that may have a far reaching impact on
the lives of people.

In the new budget, the government has increased the amount for Benazir Income
Support Programme (BISP) from Rs97 billion for fiscal year 2014-15 to Rs102
billion for 2015-16. The number of BISP beneficiaries increased rose to five
million during 2014-15.

Finance Minister Ishaq Dar pledged to provide medical support to deserving
people for treatment of critical diseases under the Prime Minister's Health
Insurance Scheme. "Premium cost of this scheme would be Rs90 billion," he said.
The scheme is to be launched in 23 districts initially and will later be
expanded to provide this facility to 60 per cent of the country's poor. Another
Rs4 billion is to be allocated for Pakistan Baitul Maal.

PM's schemes

The government has allocated Rs20 billion in fiscal 2015-16 under Prime
Minister's Special Schemes for eradicating extreme poverty and accelerating the
pace of the Million Development Goals (MDG) at the grass root level.

These schemes include the PM Youth Loan Scheme, the PM Youth Skills Development
Scheme, the PM Interest Free Loan Scheme, the PM's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for
Less Developed Areas, the PM's Youth Training Scheme and the PM's Scheme for
Provision of Laptops. The PM's Interest-Free Loans Scheme provides small loans
to people ranking below 40 poverty score card, who have no access to banks or
other departments for such loans.

The PM Youth Skills Development Scheme provides employment opportunities to
20,000 youth after giving them technical and vocational training. Under the PM
Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the government bears study expenditures of the
students who are doing masters or PhD from Higher Education Commission
recognised institutions. During the last year, the scheme has benefitted 41,781
students. The PM Youth Training Scheme would provide internship to youth having
16 years education in order to increase their abilities and open up employment
opportunities for them. The scheme will be initiated during the year 2015-16.

Creation of jobs

The government plans to launch special schemes and offer incentives to companies
for creating employment. The National Vocational and Technical Training
Commission (NAVTTC) will initiate the PM's Youth Skill Development Programme to
train 25,000 jobless youth in six months in six market-oriented trades and
courses.

Published in The Express Tribune, June 6th, 2015.

The post Ambitious plan: Govt increases BISP fund by Rs5 billion appeared first
on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1021  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has launched operation against 109 illegal
housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975). People have been warned to
restrain themselves in sale and purchase of property in these schemes. LDA has
informed that under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975;
except Lahore Development Authority, no other authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other
government agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/ land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013. Sponsors of the housing
schemes and land sub-divisions are not allowed to develop the scheme without
approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors will not be allowed to
advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by LDA. As per received
record from TMA and field reports, following 109 housing schemes / land
sub-divisions are found illegal against which LDA has initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act-(1975). New Kashmir Park PuranaKahna,Badduke Minor,Off
Ferozpur Road Lahore,Madni Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road, Madni Garden Extension Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur Road,
scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah Village,near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur
Road,Saleem Garden near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Aftab Garden near Khaira
Distributary,Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand,Green Avenue Mouza Bagrian Dharam
Chand,Abdullah Park Near Al Haram Garden Aziz Colony,near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Indus Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Lahore Gardens
3-km off Butherkhana Distributary,Mian Ji Abdullah HS near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore,New Gulshan-e-Lahore opposite Subhan Garden, off
Ferozpur Road,Subhan Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park
Housing Schemem,Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road,Al-Haram Garden,HS Near Madhey Shah
village, off Ferozpur Road,Al-Rehman Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga,Abdullah Park
Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Sabir Estate-II near Grand Avenue, 28-km Ferozpur
Road,Haji Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village, off Ferozpur Road,Madina View
Housing Scheme Butherkhana Distributary,Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju,Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha,Faisal town Mouza Thai
Panju,Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna, Roadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme
Situated near Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave
yard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.

Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana, Vital EE Housing
Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to Block
E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme. Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-II, situated at Chandrai Road ,Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme,Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab Housing,Geelani Homes illegal extension
of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-I extension of
Gulshan -e- Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road,Geelani Park Phase- II illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Waheed Brothers Colony adjacent to Pak
Arab Housing,Hajvery Gardens,Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata,Iqbal
Park near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road,sadat Colony Gawala Colony,
Chandrai Road,Faisal town Phase-II KahnaKacha, Qasim Estate Housing Scheme Kacha
Road,Madina Town, Hudaira Drain, Madina Avenue Ferozpur Road,subhan Garden
Ferozpur Road,Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Punjab park phase III,Arshad Garden
UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden,Nazir Garden,IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens,Scholar University Town,Hafiz Town Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road,LDA
Employees Multan Road,Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl Illegal extension
of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Tayyab Town College
Road,Feroze Park College Road,Sharif Park Phase I, Sharif Park Phase II college
Road,Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden College
Road, Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Heaven Homes Kyabane- Ferdosi Road,Mahnoor Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park Khyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Mustafa Town Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Illegal sub-division
adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T
Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal
Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous
Garden Ph 2 G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Al Hassan Town G.T.
Road, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh , G.T Road, Rehmat Town GT Road, Gulshan
e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road, Amir Town Canal Road,
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil Garden Manga
Mandi,housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model High School Raiwind
Bypass Road, Teachers Colony ,Raiwind By Pass Road, Illegal scheme (Heaven
Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal scheme/Sub-Division near Khalis Fiber Mill
Off Raiwind Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Hashmat School Sundar Raiwind
Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal Scheme
/Sub-Division near Tameer-E-Serat School Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
Sub-Division at Mall Chowk, At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road. All prospective
buyers of plots in any of above mention Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions have
been advised not to purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land sub-
division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority. They have further been
advised to get information about the legality of the housing scheme / land
sub-division and status of plot(s) from Lahore Development Authority.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1021  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has launched operation against 109 illegal
housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975). People have been warned to
restrain themselves in sale and purchase of property in these schemes. LDA has
informed that under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975;
except Lahore Development Authority, no other authority or Town Municipal
Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other
government agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/ land
sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013. Sponsors of the housing
schemes and land sub-divisions are not allowed to develop the scheme without
approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors will not be allowed to
advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by LDA. As per received
record from TMA and field reports, following 109 housing schemes / land
sub-divisions are found illegal against which LDA has initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act-(1975). New Kashmir Park PuranaKahna,Badduke Minor,Off
Ferozpur Road Lahore,Madni Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road, Madni Garden Extension Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur Road,
scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah Village,near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur
Road,Saleem Garden near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Aftab Garden near Khaira
Distributary,Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand,Green Avenue Mouza Bagrian Dharam
Chand,Abdullah Park Near Al Haram Garden Aziz Colony,near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Indus Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Lahore Gardens
3-km off Butherkhana Distributary,Mian Ji Abdullah HS near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore,New Gulshan-e-Lahore opposite Subhan Garden, off
Ferozpur Road,Subhan Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park
Housing Schemem,Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road,Al-Haram Garden,HS Near Madhey Shah
village, off Ferozpur Road,Al-Rehman Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga,Abdullah Park
Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Sabir Estate-II near Grand Avenue, 28-km Ferozpur
Road,Haji Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village, off Ferozpur Road,Madina View
Housing Scheme Butherkhana Distributary,Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju,Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha,Faisal town Mouza Thai
Panju,Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna, Roadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme
Situated near Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave
yard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.

Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana, Vital EE Housing
Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to Block
E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme. Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-II, situated at Chandrai Road ,Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme,Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab Housing,Geelani Homes illegal extension
of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-I extension of
Gulshan -e- Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road,Geelani Park Phase- II illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Waheed Brothers Colony adjacent to Pak
Arab Housing,Hajvery Gardens,Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata,Iqbal
Park near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road,sadat Colony Gawala Colony,
Chandrai Road,Faisal town Phase-II KahnaKacha, Qasim Estate Housing Scheme Kacha
Road,Madina Town, Hudaira Drain, Madina Avenue Ferozpur Road,subhan Garden
Ferozpur Road,Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Punjab park phase III,Arshad Garden
UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden,Nazir Garden,IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens,Scholar University Town,Hafiz Town Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road,LDA
Employees Multan Road,Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl Illegal extension
of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Tayyab Town College
Road,Feroze Park College Road,Sharif Park Phase I, Sharif Park Phase II college
Road,Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden College
Road, Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Heaven Homes Kyabane- Ferdosi Road,Mahnoor Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park Khyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Mustafa Town Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Illegal sub-division
adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T
Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal
Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous
Garden Ph 2 G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Al Hassan Town G.T.
Road, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh , G.T Road, Rehmat Town GT Road, Gulshan
e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road, Amir Town Canal Road,
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil Garden Manga
Mandi,housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model High School Raiwind
Bypass Road, Teachers Colony ,Raiwind By Pass Road, Illegal scheme (Heaven
Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal scheme/Sub-Division near Khalis Fiber Mill
Off Raiwind Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Hashmat School Sundar Raiwind
Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal Scheme
/Sub-Division near Tameer-E-Serat School Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
Sub-Division at Mall Chowk, At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road. All prospective
buyers of plots in any of above mention Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions have
been advised not to purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land sub-
division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority. They have further been
advised to get information about the legality of the housing scheme / land
sub-division and status of plot(s) from Lahore Development Authority.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      August 7, 2014 Thursday 3:47 PM  EST

PRODUCTION OF KHADI

LENGTH: 577  words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 7 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The steps taken for handicrafts include: implementation of schemes of (i) Baba
Saheb Ambedkar Hastshilp Vikas Yojana (AHVY), (ii) Design & Technology
Up-gradation Scheme, (iii) Marketing Support Services Scheme, (iv) Research &
Development Scheme, (v) Human Resource Development Scheme (vi) Handicraft
Artisans Comprehensive Welfare Scheme and (vii) infrastructure and Technology
Development Scheme.

In addition to above under Comprehensive Handicraft Development Scheme (CHCDS)
five (5) Mega Clusters have been set up at (1) Narsapur (A.P), (2) Moradabad
(U.P.), (3) Mirzapur - Bhadohi (U.P.), (4) Srinagar and (5) Jodhpur. Also as per
the Budget Announcement 2014-15 three (3) new Mega Cluster are proposed at (i)
Bareilly, (ii) Lucknow and (iii) Kuttch.

During the XII Plan, the Government has introduced following schemes for
development of handlooms and welfare of handloom weavers/workers.

1) National Handloom Development Programme, having the following components:-

i. Revival, Reform and Re-structuring Package for Handloom Sector.

ii. Comprehensive Handlooms Development Scheme. (CHDS) - CHDS has been
formulated by merging the components of Integrated Handlooms Development Scheme
(IHDS), Marketing & Export Promotion Scheme (MEPS) and Diversified Handloom
Development Scheme (DHDS)

2) Yarn Supply Scheme. Having Mill Gate Price Scheme and 10% price subsidy on
hank yarn

3) Handloom Weaver' Comprehensive Welfare Scheme (HWCWS), having Health
Insurance Scheme (HIS) for providing health care facilities to the handlooms
weavers in the country and Mahatma Gandhi Bunkar Bima Yojana (MGBBY) for
providing life insurance cover to the handloom weavers in case of
natural/accidental death, total/partial disability due to accident.

Government in the Ministry of MSME has been implementing various schemes through
Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) to encourage the artisans to
produce Khadi products, which include:

i. Khadi Institutions enlisted with the KVIC/Khadi and Village Industries Boards
of States/Union Territories are required to create Artisan Welfare Fund Trusts
(AWFTs) with view to extending security and other help to artisans.

ii. Under Market Development Assistance (MDA) Scheme, financial assistance is
provided to khadi and polyvastra producing institutions @ 20% of the value of
production of khadi and polyvastra to be shared among artisans, producing
institutions and selling institutions in the ratio 25:30:45.

iii. Workshed Scheme for Khadi Artisans under which assistance is provided for
construction of worksheds for better work environment.

iv. KVIC, in association with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC),
implements a group insurance scheme named Khadi Karigar Janshree Bima Yojana to
provide insurance cover to khadi artisans against normal and accidental death
and disability.

v. KVIC implements Khadi Reform and Development Programme (KRDP) to revitalize
the khadi sector with enhanced sustainability of khadi, increased incomes and
employment for spinners and weavers, increased artisans welfare and achieve
synergy with village industries.

The information was given by the Minister of State (Independent Charge) in the
Ministry of Textiles Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar in a written reply in Lok Sabha
today. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     February 10, 2014 Monday 2:14 PM  EST

WELFARE OF TEXTILE WORKERS

LENGTH: 858  words


NEW DELHI, Feb. 10 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Handloom weavers face hardships/constraints primarily due to stiff competition
from powerloom& mill sector, low productivity, limited scope for technological
up gradation, inadequate credit availability at reasonable rate of interest and
marketing facilities. However, various schemes viz. Integrated Handloom
Development Scheme (IHDS), Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme (MEPS),
Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme, Mill Gate Price Scheme (MGPS),
Diversified Handloom Development Scheme (DHDS) and Revival Reform and
Restructuring Package (RRR) are being implemented for the welfare of handloom
weaves and their condition is improving.

Powerloom weavers also face hardships due to technological obsolescence, lack of
continuous power supply, inadequate credit flow at reasonable rate of interest,
shortage of skilled manpower etc. Out of 23 lakh powerlooms in the country, only
1.15 lakh looms are shuttleless looms. In order to improve the technology level
of the powerloom sector, Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme is implemented with
more focus on powerloom sector. Besides, various other schemes, such as, Group
Insurance Scheme (GIS), Group Workshed Scheme (GWS) etc., are being implemented
for the welfare of the powerloom weavers/ entrepreneurs in the entire country
and their condition is improving.

The Government is providing financial assistance to powerloom weavers including
minority community engaged in Textile Industry including backward regions of
various parts of the country including Uttar Pradesh in the following forms:

Of the total premium of Rs. 470/- per weaver for Group Insurance Scheme, Rs. 290
are borne by Government of India and Rs. 100/- paid from the Social Welfare
Fund. The contribution of powerloomwaever/worker is Rs. 80/- only for one year.
Subsidy is provided to powerloom weavers for construction of loom-shed under the
Group Workshed Scheme. Rate of subsidy has now been increased to Rs. 300/- per
sq. feet as against Rs. 160/- per sq. ft.

Re-imbursement of actual to & fro train fare in sleeper class plus incidental
expenses of Rs. 2000 per weaver is provided by the Government for exposure visit
of powerloom weaver from his cluster to the place of developed powerloom
cluster. During the past 6 years, 29977 powerloom weavers were taken to
developed powerloom clusters and Rs. 74 lakh was paid towards incidental
expenses.

Financial assistance is provided by the Government for conducting Buyer-Seller
Meets (BSM) for marketing their products under a common platform thereby
eliminating middlemen and establishing direct business network with the buyers.
Scale of assistance ranges from Rs.5 lakh to Rs.15 lakh for 5 days per event
depending upon the class of cities. During the past 7 years, 69 Buyer Selleer
Meets were conducted for which GOI released Rs. 4.88 crore.

Powerloom weavers/entrepreneurs are given increased benefits Under Technology
Upgradation Fund Scheme. The interest subsidy has been raised from 5% to 6 % and
Capital subsidy has been increased from 10% to 15% in the 12th Plan. Margin
Money Scheme for powerlooms under MSME sector has also been increased from 20%
to 30%. More than Rs. 409 crore has been released as subsidy to small pwerloom
weavers/entrepreneurs under Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme.

New Schemes are also launched from this year for welfare of the powerloom
weavers/entrepreneurs for implementation during the 12th Plan period. This
includeHelath Insurance Scheme for powerloom weavers, Insitu-Upgradation of
plain powerlooms, Hire-purchase for powerlooms weavers/entrepreneurs, Yarn Bank
Shceme, Common Facility Centre and Tex-Venture Capital Fund.

Budget provision for all ongoing powerloom sector schemes has been increased
substantially for the 12th plan period. As against Rs. 66.51 crore for allocated
for the 11th plan period, the plan outlay for the 12th Plan period is Rs. 335
crore for the powerloom sector Schemes.

In so far as handloom sector is concerned, various schemes viz. Integrated
Handloom Development Scheme (IHDS), Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme
(MEPS), Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme, Mill Gate Price Scheme
(MGPS), Diversified Handloom Development Scheme (DHDS) and Revival Reform and
Restructuring Package (RRR) are being implemented for the welfare of handloom
weaves including minority community. Financial assistance under Integrated
Handlooms Development Scheme (IHDS) and Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme
(MEPS) is released to the States Governments including Uttar Pradesh, while
funds under other schemes are released to the identified implementing agencies
to pass on the benefits to the handloom weavers.

At present there is no proposal to control the yarn prices and to mark the exact
price on the packets of cotton yarn. The prices of yarn are determined by the
market forces

The information was given by the Minister of Textiles Dr. Kavaru Sambasiva Rao
in the Lok Sabha today. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Concerns over defined benefit pensions

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 395 words


The warning came just days after Independent News and Media (INM) announced that
it would have to cut the payments from its defined benefit pension scheme by 46%
as the scheme is insolvent.

The INM announcement is just the latest in a long line of defined benefit
schemes which have become insolvent with estimates as high as 80% of the schemes
maybe under water. High-profile schemes with large deficits include AIB with an
800m funding hole and Bank of Ireland with a  1.2bn. Aviva and Permanent TSB are
winding down their defined benefit schemes.

The Pensions Board's chief executive, Brendan Kennedy, said that they still had
concerns that a number of schemes were not reaching the funding standard and
would not be able to pay their workers when they reached retirement.

"We continue to have concerns about the understanding that some defined benefit
trustees have of their role and responsibilities. The task of trustees is to
manage the scheme to ensure as far as possible that members and beneficiaries
receive the benefits promised under the scheme rules. This requires trustees to
understand the finances of their scheme and the risks that it faces, and to
manage the scheme to mitigate these risks. This is especially important for
investment risks, which are in effect borne disproportionately by the younger
members of the scheme," he said.

The report found that there were nearly 190,000 people who were members of
defined benefit schemes which were compliant with the funding standard for
defined benefit schemes, However, 340,000 people are in defined benefit schemes
that are excluded from the funding standard.

"Without an adequate standard, there is a substantial risk that by the time that
younger members retire, the scheme assets will have been exhausted in paying the
benefits of those who retired before them; the longer that schemes put off
meeting the standard, the greater is this risk," said Mr Kennedy.

As problems with defined benefit schemes increase, younger workers have been
moving towards defined contribution schemes, but these too are not without risk
according to the board's report.

"The most important issues in defined contribution are investment risks and
losses, contribution inadequacy and costs, and the board's work will comprise a
mix of proposed additional regulation, contributor information and trustee
guidance," said Mr Kennedy.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

Don't be asleep at the switch

BYLINE: Rob Stock

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 633 words


WHEN CHANGE becomes perpetual, you almost stop noticing it.

It's a bit like cicadas. You hear the first one when it starts creaking away in
the garden. But when there's a hundred at it, you rarely notice.

News that ASB was to shut one of its two KiwiSaver schemes barely registered.

I guess it had been expected for a while, and let's face it, while fund managers
have moaned about incessant government tinkering with KiwiSaver rules there has
been constant change on the fundies' part as well.

Actually, a startling amount of change, including a number of deals which saw
the future management of the accounts of hundreds of thousands of KiwiSavers
sold to providers they never signed up to look after their money.

By my reckoning, the schemes where there has been, or soon will be, big changes,
are:

AMP (will merge with AXA scheme), ANZ KiwiSaver scheme (flagged by the bank as
likely to have members from the National Bank scheme transfer over), ASB
KiwiSaver scheme (changed its cash fund), Asteron KiwiSaver scheme (closed with
members transferred to Grosvenor scheme), Brook (exodus of top managers), Credit
Union (closed with members transferred to Fisher Funds), Eosaver (closed),
Fisher Funds (has absorbed several schemes and added funds), Gareth Morgan (sold
to Kiwibank), Grosvenor (has absorbed members from Credit Union scheme), Huljich
(closed, members transferred to Fisher Funds), Kiwibank (First canned Mercer as
fund manager, then bought Gareth Morgan scheme, and so is now merging its scheme
into Morgan's), Medical Assurance Society (changed manager from Onepath to JB
Were), National Bank (flagged as likely to close and have members transferred to
ANZ scheme), Real Property (closed) and Tower (sold to Fisher Funds).

That leaves the following as schemes where there has been relative stability:
AON KiwiSaver scheme, Fidelity Life, First NZ Capital, Forsyth Barr, Generate
(just launched), Iris, Law Society, Mercer, Milford, NZ Funds, Onepath, SIL,
Smartshares, Staples Rodway, Supereasy, Superlife, and Westpac.

The above isn't a complete list, and it has ignored some of the more rarefied
schemes where you need to be a member of a smallish or select group to join -
such as the Brethren scheme, the single workplace schemes and some of the
smaller single industry schemes.

So much change, but then we created a government-mandated and incentivised boom
industry. It is not surprising companies aimed to cash in. It is not surprising
that some fell by the wayside. It is not surprising some decided to cash in on
their success by selling up. It is not surprising that some dodgy things
happened resulting in schemes closing.

But clearly, the consolidation isn't over.

So how should we as investors respond when faced with change in our own scheme,
or finding ourselves having been sold?

Not with passivity, but by asking, "How do I wish to respond?

"Does the scheme to which I am being recommended to switch meet my needs and
expectations? Would I be better off in a different scheme?"

We should all, once a year, be pausing to think about our savings plans and
strategy, but as we are imperfect creatures, sometimes we forget and need a jolt
of change to remind us.

Such moments are also a good opportunity to do other things like decide whether
you need to be saving more in KiwiSaver, or in some other way, or even less, and
make more progress on the mortgage. It is also a good time to consider whether
or not the fund you are in (cash, conservative, balanced, growth, etc) is still
the right one for you.

Remember, the architecture of KiwiSaver means you can shift provider at any
time, so you need not consider yourself to be trapped by anyone else's decision
to change things. It really isn't hard.

--------------------

CAPTION:

KiwiSavers need to know what they are being swapped into.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: Around 80% water schemes in Rawalpindi supplying contaminated water

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 24 -- Around 80 percent water supply

schemes in Rawalpindi are providing contaminated water, thus leaving

the people at the risk of serious diseases like Hepatitis, Jaundice

and diarrhoea.

The outcome of the Technical Assessment Survey of water supply

schemes conducted in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi

district, has revealed that water supply schemes are providing piped

water supply for drinking purposes, to meet household needs and for

other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 1.496 million

persons on 385 surveyed water schemes.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water

Resources ( PCRWR) has summed up that the performance of these

schemes in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of

safe quality, is extremely poor.

This inability and inefficiency may be scaled from the fact

that 38 percent of the schemes are presently not functioning. As a

result, nearly 60 percent of the total enumerated population remains

unserved by the water supply schemes.

Talking to Right Vision News, Spokesperson PCRWR Lubna Naheed said lack of

proper management, operation and maintenance of the water systems is

one of the critical issues of the water supply schemes in the

district.

On the overall, 68 percent of the total 148 noncfunctional

schemes have been found as temporarily closed while 32 percent are

permanently closed.

For the temporarily non-functional water schemes at present,

the common problems encountered in these schemes, is a complex of

various institutional, financial and technological issues.

The survey shows that the identified reasons for the

temporarily closure of schemes are; lack of repair of mechanical and

electrical components, missing transformers, breakage and damage in

water distribution systems, insufficient water at source and

communal disputes on collection of funds.

On the overall, these reasons are evident on some 21 to 30

water schemes.

Chairman PCRWR Dr.Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent

of the water sources of the functional schemes, is unsafe for drinking

purposes and 75 percent of these schemes with unsafe water, have the

microbiological contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through

the distribution systems, indicates that 85 percent of the

functional schemes supply water which is unsafe for drinking and 82

percent of these schemes are supplying water which has

microbiological contamination, he said.

The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the

unsafe drinking water and the importance of safe drinking water is

totally negligible.

There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for

drinking purposes, prevailing in the general public and among the

managers of water supply schemes, as well.

Spokesperson PCRWR said many flaws have been found in the

design of water supply schemes. It appears that water distribution

systems have not been designed for simple, troublecfree operation

and be capable of being operated and maintained by local manpower,

she added.

In large number of schemes, where water is obtained from

surface source as stream and nullahs, the source is located at a

considerable distance from the locality.

But neither proper size of motor has been provided for pumping

water, nor any arrangement has been made for booster pumping and

overhead tanks have been rarely provided.

The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over

20 years old, 44 percent between 10 and 20 years old while the

remaining are less than 10 years old.

Most of the schemes have used GI pipe for the distribution

system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years.

Chairman PCRWR said it necessitates a program of

rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in

the district and the priority should be given to the older schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of

present/future water requirement for the increasing population Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Around 80% water supply schemes in Rawalpindi supplying contaminated water

LENGTH: 677  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


    Around 80 percent water supply schemes in  Rawalpindi are providing
contaminated water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious diseases
like Hepatitis,Jaundice and diarrhoea.        The outcome of the Technical
Assessment Survey of water supply schemes conducted in the domains of seven
tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed that water supply schemes are
providing piped water supply for drinking purposes, to meet household needs and
 for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 1.496 million persons
on 385 surveyed water schemes.        The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council
 of Research in Water Resources ( PCRWR) has summed up that the performance of
these schemes in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe
quality, is extremely poor.        This inability and inefficiency may be
scaled from the fact that 38 percent of the schemes are presently not
functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the total enumerated population
remains unserved by the water supply schemes.        Talking to media
Spokesperson PCRWR Lubna Naheed said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes in the district.        On the overall, 68 percent of the total
148 non-functional schemes have been found as temporarily closed while 32
percent are permanently closed.        For the temporarily non-functional water
 schemes at present, the common problems encountered in these schemes, is a
complex of various institutional, financial and technological issues.
The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of
schemes are; lack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds.        On the
overall, these reasons are evident on some 21 to 30 water schemes.
Chairman PCRWR Dr.Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 % of the water
sources of the functional schemes, is unsafe for drinking purposes and 75
percent of these schemes with unsafe water, have the microbiological
contamination.        The quality of water being supplied to the consumers
through the distribution systems, indicates that 85 percent of the functional
schemes supply water which is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these
schemes are supplying water which has microbiological contamination, he said.
       The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the unsafe
drinking water and the importance of safe drinking water is totally negligible.
        There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for drinking
purposes, prevailing in the general public and among the managers of water
supply schemes, as well.       Spokesperson PCRWR said many flaws have been
found in the design of water supply schemes. It appears that water distribution
 systems have not been designed for simple, trouble-free operation and be
capable of being operated and maintained by local manpower, she added.
In large number of schemes, where water is obtained from surface source as
stream and nullahs, the source is located at a considerable distance from the
locality.        But neither proper size of motor has been provided for pumping
 water, nor any arrangement has been made for booster pumping and overhead
tanks have been rarely provided.        The survey has shown that 27 percent of
 the schemes are over 20 years old, 44 percent between 10 and 20 years old
while the remaining are less than 10 years old.        Most of the schemes have
 used GI pipe for the distribution system, the useful life of which is less
than 20 years.        Chairman PCRWR  said it necessitates a program of
rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in the district
 and the priority should be given to the older schemes.       These remedial
works should be based on the estimation of present/future water requirement for
 the increasing population.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims over 10,000 lives annually in Karachi alone

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 156

LENGTH: 454  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water. A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases
revealed that every third person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and
Sindh province is the most affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber
Pakhtunkhawa and Punjab provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor. The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes
are providing piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs
and for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million
persons on 1247 surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes. More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional
schemes are providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the
average water charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes. On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional
schemes have been found as temporarily closed. The Chairman said identified
reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are financial problems, breakage
of some important components of the water delivery and distribution system or
non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes. According to the
survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16 percent of the
schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20 years old,
whereas 47 percent schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years. It necessitates a
program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in
the district and the priority should be given to the older schemes. These
remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future water
requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims over 10,000 lives annually in Karachi alone

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 156

LENGTH: 454  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water. A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases
revealed that every third person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and
Sindh province is the most affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber
Pakhtunkhawa and Punjab provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor. The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes
are providing piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs
and for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million
persons on 1247 surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes. More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional
schemes are providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the
average water charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes. On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional
schemes have been found as temporarily closed. The Chairman said identified
reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are financial problems, breakage
of some important components of the water delivery and distribution system or
non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes. According to the
survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16 percent of the
schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20 years old,
whereas 47 percent schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years. It necessitates a
program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in
the district and the priority should be given to the older schemes. These
remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future water
requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 13, 2012 Monday

New disclosure rules for MFs to boost transparency

BYLINE: Anirudh Laskar & Kayezad E. Adajania, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 955 words


Feb. 13--To help investors assess the quality of their investments and calibre
of their fund managers, India's capital market regulator for the first time has
asked the '6.8 trillion mutual fund industry to disclose every detail of the
schemes it sells.

In a recent letter, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked
the country's 44 fund houses to provide details of all their schemes, the common
benchmark and their returns, returns since inception of a particular scheme, and
benchmark of the schemes and their returns.

Besides, they have been asked to disclose the scheme returns vis-a-vis the
common benchmark and the scheme benchmarks; their returns in the past six months
with respect to the benchmarks; their returns during the fiscal year 2009, 2010
and 2011, and their compounded returns in the past three and five years.

For equity schemes, 30-share bellwether equity index Sensex and the broad-based
50-stock Nifty are common benchmarks. For short-term and long-term debt schemes,
one-year treasury bills and 10-year government bonds are common benchmarks,
respectively.

According to data available with Capitaline, which provides data on Indian
industry and capital market, as on 31 December, there were 336 equity-oriented
schemes, of which 324 were at least a year old.

Out of these 324 schemes, 142 schemes underperformed the Sensex and Nifty, with
a fall of more than 24.2% in their net asset values. For the three-year period
ending 31 December, 123 equity schemes underperformed the Sensex with less than
16.7% returns. Similarly, for a five-year period, 79 equity schemes
underperformed the Sensex.

Sebi has also asked the asset management firms to disclose the assets under
management (AUM) of the schemes, both current, past fund managers of the schemes
and their tenures.

To assess the growth and the present condition of the industry, Sebi has also
asked the fund houses to disclose the number of investor folios for each scheme
for the first nine months of the current fiscal year and three past years
--2011, 2010 and 2009.

"Sebi wants mutual funds to make more disclosures about the performance of their
schemes and their fund managers. This is essential to enhance transparency and
help investors take an informed decision while investing," said a person with
direct knowledge of the development, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

Legally, Sebi cannot force a fund house to perform but if the performance of the
schemes and the fund managers are revealed to the investors in detail, they will
be able to judge better, the person added. Mint has reviewed a copy of the Sebi
note.

As on 10 February, according to Value Research India Pvt. Ltd, a New Delhi-based
fund tracker, schemes that invest in gold top the returns chart with an average
one-year return of 36.65%.

Equity FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) schemes follow with 35.77% yields for
the period.

All other equity-oriented schemes fetched lower average returns than even
debt-oriented ones in the industry. Infrastructure and technology sector-based
schemes were the worst performers with -3.06% and -1.65% average returns,
respectively, during the past one year, according to Value Research.

The 30-share bellwether index of BSE, Sensex, is currently trading 1.64% above
its level a year ago. The 50-stock Nifty of the National Stock Exchangeis 4.15%
above its year-ago mark.

Till now, fund houses were required to only disclose the returns of the schemes
vis-a-vis their benchmarks and since inception.

"Sebi wants fund houses to disclose upfront the details of the schemes and the
fund managers in all investor application forms, brochures, advertisements,
promotions and any such activity undertaken to reach out to prospective
investors," said the CEO of a large private sector fund house, who declined to
be named.

Of late, the regulator has been informally insisting the fund managers to
perform and reduce the number of schemes to simplify the selection process of
funds by investors. In line with this, in 2010, Sebi allowed fund houses to
merge schemes with similar fundamental attributes but without any significant
corpus in the portfolio.

While the earlier move will simplify the selection process in terms of number of
schemes to choose from, the latest move will let an investor junk the
non-performing schemes from their portfolio.

The disclosures will also help the regulator to assess the state of the fund
industry and clear only those new fund offers that are genuinely helpful for the
investors and not merely a product to earn commissions from investors.

Incidentally, last June, in a mutual fund summit held in Mumbai, Sebi chief U.K.
Sinha had asked the fund houses to reveal the track record of their fund
managers.

Sinha has been taking a number of initiatives to help mutual fund investors take
better decisions while investing as well as ensure growth for the industry. His
moves are well in line with the steps taken by his predecessor C.B. Bhave.

In the 2010 summit, Bhave had criticized the industry for merely floating
thousands of schemes without much meaning for the investors.

"Even if you put before me 3,000 investment products, I won't know how to choose
from those products. I'll have no idea of which scheme is good for me. If you
really want to reach to the so-called small investors in whose name you do
everything, does he need 3,000 options? Is there really so much of innovation
that is going on? Are these schemes really so different from each other or were
there incentives operating in the market that made us generate these 3,000
options?" Bhave had asked.

anirudh.l@livemint.com

___ (c)2012 the Mint (New Delhi) Visit the Mint (New Delhi) at www.livemint.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120213-1MI-New-disclosure-rules-for-MFs-to-boost-transparency-0213-20120213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2012 Mint, New Delhi


                              467 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Express Tribune

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

Peoples Works' Programme report: MPs score modestly in schemes completion

BYLINE:  Zahid Gishkori

LENGTH: 490  words


As many as sixty-two lawmakers could not execute work on their proposed schemes
after withdrawing funds totalling over Rs14.2 billion between 2008 and 2011 - a
meagre 57 per cent success rate during this period.

Only 7,970 of the 13,805 schemes proposed by MNAs and senators in their
respective constituencies were completed during the last three years - with a 43
per cent failure rate - according to a progress report prepared by the minister
in-charge for the cabinet.

Last month, Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) MNA Salahuddin sought a progress
report on the Peoples Works' Programme on the floor of the house. The report
says that only 57 per cent of work on the proposed schemes had been completed
during this period.

The completion of work on these proposed schemes was the responsibility of the
executing agencies, the report said, adding that the reasons for the delay of
work are being investigated and that the position had been conveyed to the
quarter concerned.

Railways Minister Ghulam Ahmad Bilour proposed 39 schemes which remain
incomplete despite issuance of Rs35 million in funds.

Narcotics Control Minister Khuda Bux Rajar withdrew Rs6 million from the Finance
Division for three schemes, none of which are complete. Interprovincial
Coordination Minister Mir Hazar Bijarani also failed to complete a single scheme
despite receiving funds worth Rs20 million for his 11 proposed schemes. Overseas
Pakistanis Minister Farooq Sattar did not complete his three schemes despite
getting funds of Rs20 million from the ministry of finance.

Deputy Speaker Faisal Karim Kundi received Rs40 million for the completion of 18
schemes but he did not complete them. MNA Hamza Shahbaz Sharif, the Punjab chief
minister's son, proposed 15 schemes but they were not executed, despite the
release of Rs10 million. Awami National Party President Asfandyar Wali's 82
proposed schemes were not executed despite receiving Rs40 million. MNA Farah Naz
Ispahani proposed 46 schemes and received Rs26 million for them, not a single
one of which has been completed to date. Babar Awan received Rs30 million for
three schemes which remain incomplete.

Commerce Minister Makhdoom Amin Fahim is the only cabinet minister to complete
all his schemes. He proposed six development schemes for his constituency during
the last three years.

Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar completed 11 of her 35 proposed schemes. The
Finance Division released Rs30 million for scheme completion, while just two of
the 32 schemes proposed by former foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi have
been completed. The Finance Division released Rs18 million for the schemes. MNA
Faryal Talpur completed one of five proposed schemes despite receiving Rs29
million for completion.

In a related development, The Express Tribune has learnt that the Establishment
Division is probing 220 "ghost" employees who were reinstated under the Sacked
Employees Reinstatement Act 2010 earlier this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               November 16, 2010

Company medical schemes

BYLINE: Maya Fisher-French

LENGTH: 326 words


Dumisani asks: My company has a closed medical scheme that is compulsory for all
management staff. According to company policy, employees are not allowed to
choose their own medical aid in the open market. Is this legal? Why do companies
create closed schemes? Who benefits?

Maya replies: A company can force you to join a particular scheme by including
it as a condition of service, and this is entirely legal so you are pretty much
stuck with the scheme.  According to Bernie Clark of Alexander Forbes Health,
company schemes -- known as closed schemes -- are established in terms of the
Medical Schemes Act and are regulated. Open schemes are those offered directly
to the public.   The good news is that closed schemes aim to provide better,
more relevant overall medical aid coverage than their open-market schemes. For
example, a closed scheme does not have to spend money on marketing so
administration costs would be lower.   Clark says that although they offer fewer
choices, they should always offer better value for money or have a more relevant
benefit offering for the employees than an open scheme. If they are not then
they "are relics of history and should be closed".   Clark says large companies
historically established medical schemes because they could provide better cover
for their employees. However, medical schemes are complex and time-consuming to
manage, so they are sometimes unable to consistently deliver.  If you are
concerned about your company's scheme it may be worth speaking to HR to find out
exactly what your benefits are and compare these to open schemes to see if you
are receiving a fair deal.   If not, don't be afraid to take this up with the
company -- remember even the HR director would be on the scheme. It is to
everyone's benefit to make sure the scheme is delivering.  Read more news,
blogs, tips and Q&As in our Smart Money section. Post questions on the site for
independent and researched information.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Is it legal for a company to force you to join its medical scheme?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Trials of dealing with final salary pension schemes;
Ian Hill, Pension Technical Manager at Torquil Clark, looks at what can be a
complex issue

BYLINE: Ian Hill

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 727 words


There does not seem to be a page in the tabloids where there is not an article
highlighting the plight of Defined Benefit (Final Salary) Pension Scheme
sponsors and the inherent problems associated with funding their schemes.

Recently a number of high profile companies have announced enhanced
contributions in an attempt to make up their pension scheme 'deficits'. A great
deal of time would have been taken up between the trustees, who will be looking
to clear any deficit as soon as possible, and the scheme sponsor, the employers,
who have been affected by economic conditions will be understandably concerned
about making scheme funding commit-t ments.

Trustees will be looking for an immediate injection of cash to pay off the
deficit in the shortest time possible. This will be countered by an employer who
does not want to tie money up and use cash to fund future corporate development.
A company with a fully funded pension scheme will be more attractive to
investors and lenders. However, there are implications for the sponsors balance
sheet and borrowing covenants might be compromised, especially if lenders review
their commitment and carry out their own due diligence by the way of an
'employer covenant review', generally at the scheme sponsors own expense. There
will be the investment considerations from the company perspective. Is solving a
pension scheme funding problem worth the volatility in the sponsors share price?
Would it be better to invest in plant and machinery, corporate development, or
direct on the investment markets rather than looking to balance a return on the
monies within the pension scheme; a form of self insurance. Tax efficiencies for
the company will also form part of the consideration.

Once money is in a pension scheme, unless it is used to provide related
benefits, it is very difficult to get it back out. Although possibly not on the
radar of many Defined Benefit Schemes if the deficit is paid off quickly what
happens if in the future the scheme ends up with a surplus that is actually
locked in and isolated within the Scheme. It may be of something of a novelty to
be talking of surpluses but things seem to go round in cycles and I can remember
contribution holidays and refunds to employers in the late eighties and early
nineties the implications worthy of another article.

Surpluses on an ongoing basis can be easily built up, on actuarial paper any-y
way, by a short recovery period for schemes that have closed to future entrants
and ceased to future accrual. There will be a long time before Defined Benefit
Schemes can say they are fully funded on a 'buyout basis', but fully funded
scheme on an ongoing basis is not beyond the realms of possibility.

Many employers have paid in money hand over fist into their pension scheme, only
to find the funding situation becoming worse as pressure is placed on the
assumptions used, like discount rates and member longevity, not to mention the
countless reams of associated legislation, which hits the statute books making
scheme funding problematic, such as sexism and ageism legislation (get this
wrong and these issues could add millions to the actual deficit).

There are alternatives open to the scheme sponsor and related trustees to the
company investing liquid assets in the pension scheme.

Other assets may be offered including contingent asset agreements, letters of
credit from secure third parties. These potentially could reduce the Pension
Protection Fund levy and are generally accepted by the Pensions Regulator. In
addition the advantage for the scheme sponsor is that they are flexible and can
contain agreements to be withdrawn as soon as a certain scheme funding level has
been reached.

Matching short-term investment mar-r ket analysis with ever increasing pension
scheme recovery periods is problematic (the merger of two well known airlines
highlights this) but not insurmountable. It is important that these issues are
aired, as pension schemes will still be tarred by the definition of madness
'doing the same thing over and over and expect-t ing different results'. The
Pensions Regulator has highlighted that schemes should question their advisers
and review the advice they have been given. There has never been a more
important time for scheme sponsors and trustees to heed those comments before
the madness takes over.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2010 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 April 24, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Medical schemes council to fight gap-cover ruling

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 591  words


Medical schemes council to fight gap-cover ruling

Watchdog fears that up to two-thirds of schemes may elude its jurisdiction

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - The Council for Medical Schemes has taken its long-running row with
insurance company Guardrisk to the Constitutional Court, hoping to overturn a
Supreme Court of Appeal ruling that allows the firm to sell gap-cover policies.

The case has potentially far-reaching implications for medical schemes and the
short- term insurance industry as the council fears the appeal court's decision
could exclude up to two-thirds of medical schemes from its jurisdiction.

The appeal court ruling could open the way for other short-term insurers to
start marketing gap-cover polices free of the regulatory oversight applied to
medical schemes.

At the heart of the legal wrangle is a dispute about whether or not Guardrisk
gap-cover policies AdmedGap and AdmedPulse products do the business of medical
schemes and whether Guardrisk needs to be registered as a medical scheme with
the council and comply with the provisions of the Medical Schemes Act.

The policies cover the difference between what medical schemes pay for services
and what doctors and hospitals charge.

The Johannesburg High Court agreed with the council that Guardrisk products did
the business of medical schemes, and interdicted it from selling and marketing
gap policies as they were not registered in terms of the act.

Guardrisk appealed successfully against the high court ruling.

Argument turned on a technicality: whether three paragraphs in the act defining
the business of a medical scheme should be read disjunctively or conjunctively.

The high court agreed with the registrar's argument that the former applied,
while the supreme court agreed with Guardrisk's interpretation that the latter
applied.

On Friday, medical schemes registrar Patrick Masobe and the council filed an
application for leave to appeal to the Constitutional Court, saying the act's
constitutional function to promote access to healthcare would be compromised if
the supreme court's interpretation was allowed to stand.

The supreme court interpretation of the act meant the business of a medical
scheme was defined as (a) making provision for the obtaining of any relevant
health service, (b) granting assistance in defraying expenditure incurred in
connection with the rendering of any relevant health service, and (c) where
applicable rendering a relevant health service, by the medical scheme itself or
by any supplier or group of suppliers of a relevant health service or by any
person in association with or in terms of an agreement with a medical scheme.

The council's head of research, Stephen Harrison, said that as only a third of
medical schemes made advance provision for obtaining health services as
described in (a), the rest of the schemes would fall outside the ambit of the
act.

The supreme court's interpretation of the act would create a huge hole in the
regulatory regime that could be exploited by anyone wanting to carry on the
business of a medical scheme without oversight.

The council was concerned that young and healthy people would opt for gap cover
instead of medical scheme products, leading to higher costs for the older and
sicker people who depended on medical schemes, Harrison said.

Guardrisk MD Herman Schoeman would not comment, saying he had yet to consult his
lawyers.

The policies of the Medical Schemes Act cover the difference between what
medical schemes will pay for services and what doctors and hospitals actually
charge.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 April 4, 2004

Risk fund will smooth the playing field for medical schemes

BYLINE: NICHOLAS NEVELING

SECTION: Health; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 842 words



Risk fund will smooth the playing field for medical schemes

HEALTH

By

HOW will medical schemes prevent themselves from going into a death spiral?

This is the issue that has prompted the introduction in 2005 of a new Risk
Equalisation Fund (REF) that, according to Barry Swartzberg, managing director
of Discovery Health, will protect schemes with older age profiles and prevent
schemes from scrambling for younger members.

As a scheme ages, so do its members, who make more claims, pushing up premiums.

"There needs to be some mechanism of equalising the risk because schemes with
older profiles can never attract new members as no 20-year-old is going to go
there," says Swartzberg.

"This is what you call going into a cost spiral or a death spiral; the young and
healthy start leaving older schemes to join younger schemes, and the cost of the
older schemes starts creeping up even more."

All medical aids in South Africa are community rated, which means that all
members who have the same benefit package are charged the same rate,
irrespective of their ages, even though older members are likely to claim more
often and pose a bigger risk.

As a result, schemes with older age profiles struggle to attract new younger
members, who will go to a scheme with a younger profile and cheaper benefits.

"You can't rate your risk properly and you start getting massive distortions in
the market because instead of charging a 20-year-old accurately and a
60-year-old accurately, you are charging the community and landing up with these
distortions," Swartzberg says.

This has led schemes to focus on recruiting younger members to keep their risk
profile down.

Even if a scheme is well managed and efficiently administered, it will not be
able to attract new members if it has an old demographic, while a scheme that is
not so well managed will continue to attract younger members simply because it
has a younger profile.

The implementation of the REF will remove this distortion by forcing younger
schemes to cross-subsidise older schemes.

"We believe that the REF is a good thing, as it prevents schemes from
cherry-picking only the young members for their schemes, while trying to avoid
covering the older and sick. Once the REF equalises this by creating a common
risk rate for all members, it will mean that schemes can only compete on the
basis of risk management and not risk avoidance," says Gary Taylor, managing
director of group services at Medscheme.

Medscheme CEO Andre Meyer agrees: "Instead of people going to a scheme simply
because it has a young demographic, they will now choose a scheme that is well
run, irrespective of its age profile."

The risk profile and cross-subsidisation of schemes has been determined by a
provisional formula which rates the risk profile of the medical aid industry.

The medical population is broken down into age groups and the level of chronic
diseases that individuals suffer. So a person who is between 20 and 30 will cost
less to cover than a person of 60 who has two chronic conditions. The cost of
covering each of these groups is calculated and averaged out to get to a fixed
fee for the entire industry.

Medical schemes then follow the same procedure to work out their fees. This is
then compared with the national average.

Schemes with a young profile will come out below the national average and will
have to pay in the difference to the REF, which will then redistribute this
money to the schemes with older profiles.

So far the industry has generally welcomed the move.

"Socially, it's the right thing to do and the responsible thing to do. All
countries where medical insurance is community-rated have REF.

"There needs to be a mechanism that equalises the risk," says Swartzberg.

Says Taylor: "All schemes and administrators participated in a process to define
the REF and its implications, so most of the industry is happy."

Blum Kahn, CEO of the Metropolitan Health Group, says the REF "is a good thing
for the industry" as it is trying to "smooth the risk profile across the
industry".

While the REF has been well supported, there are still a few issues that have to
be ironed out before it is ready for implementation.

Medihelp spokesman Leon Rademeyer says: "To comment on the benefits, or not as
the case may be, is premature as the finer detail of tax and administration
issues have not been addressed. It will also depend on the individual scheme
membership and profile and how the final calculations will be implemented."

Says Kahn: "The impact on the medical aid schemes can be determined only once we
know what the final formula for the REF will be.

"Administrators will have to be in a position to complete regulatory
requirements on behalf of their clients.

"It may require some changes among some administrators, but this depends on the
frequency and level of detail that REF returns will require."

Says Swartzberg: "The mechanism for distributing funds has not been chosen yet."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited


                              472 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 25, 2003 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Fund managers off the mark in the greater scheme of things

BYLINE: STEPHEN BARTHOLOMEUSZ

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 821 words


The institutional backlash to the growing use of schemes of arrangement in
preference to conventional takeover processes is misconceived. A report in The
Age yesterday cited fund managers unhappy with the trend and quoted several who
planned to urge the Australian Securities and Investment Commission to limit the
use of schemes.

A scheme is a takeover by another form. It is a court-overseen process where a
takeover is approved, not through acceptances to a bid, but by a shareholder
vote at a meeting.

The perceived advantage of schemes is that they have a lower threshold for
complete success than a takeover offer.

To compulsorily acquire shares under an offer, a bidder must obtain 90 per cent
of the shares. In a scheme there are twin tests - 75 per cent of the shares
voted at the meeting and 50 per cent by number of those shareholders who vote.

Until this year's Xstrata-developed scheme under which it took over MIM
Holdings, the ability of a relatively small number of shareholders to exploit
the 50 per cent test to frustrate the wishes of the owners of more than 75 per
cent of capital had not been recognised as a realistic possibility.

The MIM scheme passed both tests comfortably despite intense lobbying of small
shareholders.

The Alinta Gas/AMP scheme under which they acquired United Energy Ltd was more
closely run, although this time it was the 75 per cent test that nearly derailed
the scheme - it won the support of only 78 per cent of the shares that were
voted.

It is not so much that there is a lesser test but that the tests are different.
Strong opposition can defeat a scheme.

The recent proliferation of schemes probably relates to two main issues. One is
the level of uncertainty in markets and the broader environment and the other is
the complexity of the takeovers involved.

A scheme provides an all-or-nothing outcome. Unlike conventional offers, it is
not possible to end up with less than 100 per cent. That certainty is attractive
in periods of market volatility.

Had Xstrata been forced to make a conventional offer, it would not have bid.

It had to find $5 billion, including $2.4 billion of equity, to finance the
offer and the refinancing of MIM's debt. By using a scheme and funding that
could be returned to subscribers if the scheme was defeated, it removed both the
market and transaction risks.

One could say similar things about the scheme under which Tabcorp is proposing
to acquire Jupiters. The size of the acquisition, the need for regulatory
approvals and the unusual reconciliation of differing views on value - Jupiter's
Centrebet business will be sold and the proceeds will go to its shareholders -
were far more easily accommodated within a scheme than they could have been in a
straightforward bid.

The United Energy deal had to be a scheme, given the complexity of the
related-party interests and ownership structures and the larger realignment of
interests and the exit of Aquila of the US that a leveraging of UEL enabled.

The institutions' misconception appears to be that they could have received a
higher price had "normal" processes been used instead of schemes.

Schemes are outcomes of discussions between bidders and targets.

Unless the target's directors are prepared to compromise their fiduciary
obligations, before they support a scheme they will have canvassed the
alternatives.

MIM conducted an informal auction before concluding Xstrata was offering more
than anyone else was prepared to pay, and a fair price at that.

The time frames for schemes, and the lack of flexibility in them once developed,
means that they are vulnerable to competitive activity.

Hence they are really viable only if it is clear that the scheme will deliver at
least as much value as anyone else would be prepared to pay, or where there is a
shareholder with a stake in the target company large enough to deter third-party
activity. MIM, with an open register, did not attract a counter offer.

The AMP/Aquila partnership, their pre-emptive rights and the fact that their
relationship went beyond UEL, meant there could be no counter offer.

In most instances, schemes deliver offers that are fair rather than clearly
generous. That is because they are "friendly", agreed deals.

The takeover premiums in schemes are much the same as in uncontested takeovers.

Hostile or contested takeovers produce windfall gains for shareholders.

If there were to be a change of policy in relation to schemes, the obvious
approach would be to align the approval threshold with takeover law.

The "50 per cent by number" test is ludicrous, given that the Corporations Act
is built on the premise of one share one vote, not one shareholder one vote.

Lifting the 75 per cent test to 90 per cent, and including the shareholdings of
the proponent of the scheme in that calculation, would bring some consistency to
bear between schemes and offers.

However, it would probably have little effect on the outcomes.

bartho@theage.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Does Net Asset Value really matter?

BYLINE: Aakar Rastogi

SECTION: INVEST

LENGTH: 678 words


Net Asset Value (NAV) is the value of a mutual fund scheme's assets minus the
value of its liabilities per unit. It is the price at which you buy the unit of
a scheme. It may also be the price at which you would sell the unit (minus any
load if applicable). However, there is still some confusion about the seemingly
simple concept among some investors. Does the NAV also include all expenses?

Is it better to invest in a scheme with a higher NAV or a lower NAV? Such
queries are quite common in various mutual fund forums.What is NAV?NAV reflects
the composite prices of all the securities held along with the liquid cash. It
is calculated on a unit basis after deducting all liabilities. If the prices of
the majority of the securities held by the scheme goes up, the NAV will also
rise and vice versa. The NAV moves in tandem with the prices of the securities
held by the scheme. As per mandate, a scheme should calculate and publish its
NAV on a daily basis. In simple words, NAV is the price which you pay to buy a
unit of mutual fund scheme when you invest. You also sell it on NAV, but the
sell price can be lower than NAV if there is an exit load. Exit load is always
chargeable as a percentage of the NAV. For example, you are investing Rs 10,000
in a scheme with an NAV of Rs 200. You will receive 50 units (10,000/200). Now,
if the NAV increases to Rs 250 in a year and you decide to sell it. You will
receive Rs 12,500 (50 units X Rs 250). And if exit load is applicable at the
rate of 1 per cent, you will get Rs 12,375 (50 units X Rs 247.50 NAV minus the
exit load). How is NAV calculated?The mathematical formula for calculating NAV
is:Net Asset Value (NAV) = (Assets - Debts) / (Number of Outstanding units)
Assets of a mutual fund scheme are primarily divided into securities and liquid
cash. Securities include both, equity and debt instruments, like equity shares,
bonds, debentures, commercial papers, etc. Accrued interest and dividends also
form part of the assets.Debts include money owed for outstanding liabilities and
expenses. All accrued expenses are included in this.Number of units can be
defined as the total number of units held by all the investors collectively.Fund
house takes into account the market value of all the assets on a daily basis to
calculate the NAV.Does NAV matter?You may be buying and selling mutual fund
units at NAV, but it shouldn't be confused with the market price of a stock. The
stock price is decided by investors in the stock market, depending on the
fundamentals of the company, future prospects of the company, etc. That is why
the market price can be different than the book value of the stock. The NAV is
not decided by investors. It is the total value of the portfolio held by the
scheme. That is why it is not wise to base your investment decision on NAV of a
scheme. Comparing the NAV of two mutual fund schemes does not tell you anything
about their future prospects. As you know now, NAV reflects the total value of
the schemes investments minus liabilities and expenses. So, a higher NAV simply
means that the scheme's investments have fared really well. Or the scheme has
been around for a long period.The NAV only impact the number of units you may
get. You will receive fewer units if you select a scheme with high NAV but the
value of your investment will remain same. It is the performance and the returns
generated by the mutual fund scheme that matters. Consider two schemes - Scheme
A and Scheme B - with an NAV of Rs 100 and 110 respectively. Suppose you are
investing Rs 11,000. You will get 110 units (Rs 11,000/Rs 100) in Scheme A and
you will get 100 units (Rs 11,000/Rs 110) in scheme B. Now, suppose the NAVs
have gone up by 10 per cent. That means Scheme A will have an NAV of Rs 110 and
Scheme B will have an NAV of Rs 121. The value of your investments would become
Rs 12,100 (110 units X Rs 110 NAV) in scheme A and Rs 12,100 in scheme B (100
units X Rs 121 NAV). Both schemes will give the same return of ten per cent (Rs
12,100-11,000/11,000).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Does Net Asset Value (NAV) really matter?

BYLINE: Aakar Rastogi

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 678 words


Net Asset Value (NAV) is the value of a mutual fund scheme's assets minus the
value of its liabilities per unit. It is the price at which you buy the unit of
a scheme. It may also be the price at which you would sell the unit (minus any
load if applicable). However, there is still some confusion about the seemingly
simple concept among some investors. Does the NAV also include all expenses?

Is it better to invest in a scheme with a higher NAV or a lower NAV? Such
queries are quite common in various mutual fund forums.What is NAV?NAV reflects
the composite prices of all the securities held along with the liquid cash. It
is calculated on a unit basis after deducting all liabilities. If the prices of
the majority of the securities held by the scheme goes up, the NAV will also
rise and vice versa. The NAV moves in tandem with the prices of the securities
held by the scheme. As per mandate, a scheme should calculate and publish its
NAV on a daily basis. In simple words, NAV is the price which you pay to buy a
unit of mutual fund scheme when you invest. You also sell it on NAV, but the
sell price can be lower than NAV if there is an exit load. Exit load is always
chargeable as a percentage of the NAV. For example, you are investing Rs 10,000
in a scheme with an NAV of Rs 200. You will receive 50 units (10,000/200). Now,
if the NAV increases to Rs 250 in a year and you decide to sell it. You will
receive Rs 12,500 (50 units X Rs 250). And if exit load is applicable at the
rate of 1 per cent, you will get Rs 12,375 (50 units X Rs 247.50 NAV minus the
exit load). How is NAV calculated?The mathematical formula for calculating NAV
is:Net Asset Value (NAV) = (Assets - Debts) / (Number of Outstanding units)
Assets of a mutual fund scheme are primarily divided into securities and liquid
cash. Securities include both, equity and debt instruments, like equity shares,
bonds, debentures, commercial papers, etc. Accrued interest and dividends also
form part of the assets.Debts include money owed for outstanding liabilities and
expenses. All accrued expenses are included in this.Number of units can be
defined as the total number of units held by all the investors collectively.Fund
house takes into account the market value of all the assets on a daily basis to
calculate the NAV.Does NAV matter?You may be buying and selling mutual fund
units at NAV, but it shouldn't be confused with the market price of a stock. The
stock price is decided by investors in the stock market, depending on the
fundamentals of the company, future prospects of the company, etc. That is why
the market price can be different than the book value of the stock. The NAV is
not decided by investors. It is the total value of the portfolio held by the
scheme. That is why it is not wise to base your investment decision on NAV of a
scheme. Comparing the NAV of two mutual fund schemes does not tell you anything
about their future prospects. As you know now, NAV reflects the total value of
the schemes investments minus liabilities and expenses. So, a higher NAV simply
means that the scheme's investments have fared really well. Or the scheme has
been around for a long period.The NAV only impact the number of units you may
get. You will receive fewer units if you select a scheme with high NAV but the
value of your investment will remain same. It is the performance and the returns
generated by the mutual fund scheme that matters. Consider two schemes - Scheme
A and Scheme B - with an NAV of Rs 100 and 110 respectively. Suppose you are
investing Rs 11,000. You will get 110 units (Rs 11,000/Rs 100) in Scheme A and
you will get 100 units (Rs 11,000/Rs 110) in scheme B. Now, suppose the NAVs
have gone up by 10 per cent. That means Scheme A will have an NAV of Rs 110 and
Scheme B will have an NAV of Rs 121. The value of your investments would become
Rs 12,100 (110 units X Rs 110 NAV) in scheme A and Rs 12,100 in scheme B (100
units X Rs 121 NAV). Both schemes will give the same return of ten per cent (Rs
12,100-11,000/11,000).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      July 21, 2016 Thursday 3:02 PM  EST

IMPLEMENTATION OF PM MODI'S 15 POINT PROGRAMME

LENGTH: 770  words


NEW DELHI, July 21 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Prime Minister's New 15 Point Programme for the welfare of minorities is an
overarching programme, covering 24 schemes/ initiatives of 11 different
Ministries / Departments implemented throughout the country, including Andhra
Pradesh. In order to ensure that the benefits of various Government schemes flow
equitably to minorities, this programme stipulates location of a certain
proportion of development projects in minority concentration areas. It also
provides that, wherever possible, 15% of targets and outlays under various
schemes should be earmarked for minorities. Some of the schemes/ initiatives
under this programme are exclusively for minority communities. The details of
schemes / initiatives covered under the programme, being implemented in Andhra
Pradesh since inception is:-

Details of schemes / initiatives covered under the Prime Minister's New 15 Point
Programme (PM's New 15-PP):

(a) Schemes considered amenable to earmarking of 15% for minorities:

i. Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (Ministry of Human Resources Development);

ii. Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) Scheme providing services
through Anganwadi Centres (Ministry of Women & Child);

iii. National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) (erstwhile Swarnjayanti Gram
Swarojgar Yojana / Aajeevika) (Ministry of Rural Development);

iv. National Urban Livelihoods Mission (NULM) (erstwhile Swarn Jayanti Shahari
Rojgar Yojana) (Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation);

v. Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) (Ministry of Skill Development and
Entrepreneurship);

vi. Bank credit under priority sector lending (Department of Financial
Services);

and

vii. Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) (Ministry of Rural Development).

(b) Schemes for minorities implemented by the M/o Minority Affairs (100% Budget
provision meant for minorities):

i. Pre-Matric Scholarship scheme;

ii. Post-Matric Scholarship scheme;

iii. Merit-cum-Means Scholarship scheme for technical & professional courses;

iv. Maulana Azad National Fellowship for Minority Students;

v. Loan schemes of National Minority Development & Finance Corporation (NMDFC)
for economic activities;

vi. Schemes of Maulana Azad Education Foundation (MAEF) for promotion of
education; and

vii. Free Coaching and Allied scheme.

(c) Schemes for which flow of funds to minority concentration areas is
quantified:

Integrated Housing and Slum Development Programme (IHSDP) (Ministry of HUPA);

i. Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) (Ministry of HUPA);

ii. Urban Infrastructure Development Scheme for Small and Medium Towns (UIDSSMT)
(Ministry of Urban Development);

iii. Urban Infrastructure and Governance (UIG) (Ministry of Urban Development);
and

iv. National Rural Drinking Water Programme (NRDWP) (Ministry of Drinking Water
& Sanitation).

(d) Special Initiatives for welfare of minorities:

i. Scheme for Providing Quality Education in Madarsa (SPQEM) (Department of
School Education & Literacy);

ii. Scheme for Infrastructure Development of Minority Institutions (IDMI)
(Department of School Education & Literacy );

iii. Greater Resources for Teaching Urdu - Scheme for Appointment of Language
Teachers (Deptt. of School Education & Literacy);

iv. Recruitment of minorities in Govt. Departments/ Organizations (Deptt. of
Personnel & Training); and

v. Guidelines on communal harmony (Ministry of Home Affairs).

The programmes/ schemes under Prime Minister's New 15 Point Programme for the
Welfare of Minorities (PM's New 15-PP) are being implemented by various
Ministries/ Departments administratively concerned with implementation of those
programmes/ schemes. Many of these schemes are being implemented through the
State Governments / UT Administrations. Ministry of Minority Affairs, being the
nodal Ministry for implementation of the PM's New 15-PP, monitors and reviews
these programmes. The schemes / programme are reviewed in the Ministry of
Minority Affairs on quarterly basis with the nodal officers of the concerned
Ministries / Departments for effective implementation of schemes. The
shortfalls, if any, are pointed out and the concerned Ministries/ Departments
are advised to take remedial actions to ensure that the targets are achieved.
The progress of schemes is also reported to the Committee of Secretaries and the
Cabinet.

This Information was given by Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi the Minister of State
(IC) for Ministry of Minority Affairs in reply to a question in Rajya Sabha on
19th July 2016. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Investors India

                                December 4, 2015

Mutual Funds News: SEBI asks AMFI to consolidate schemes having similar
fundamental attributes

LENGTH: 297  words


In order to speed up scheme mergers, SEBI has asked AMFI to prepare a report on
schemes having similar fundamental attributes and persuade fund houses to merge
such schemes. This decision was taken at SEBI Mutual Fund Advisory Committee
(SMFAC) meeting. SEBI norms say that two schemes can be merged if the
fundamental attributes of surviving scheme is not tinkered with.

Fund houses are allowed to merge schemes keeping investors' interests in mind.
They have to get an approval by the board members and trustees. Fund houses then
file a proposal with SEBI seeking such a merger. After getting an approval, AMCs
give an exit option to investors. Typically, fund managers decide which schemes
need to be merged. Usually, non-performing schemes or those which have a small
AUM are merged with bigger funds. The shares held by the scheme which is getting
merged are transferred to the surviving scheme. This results in increase in the
number of units, AUM and the investor base of the surviving scheme. Despite the
Budget 2015 having done away with tax liability on scheme mergers, the industry
has not seen many scheme mergers so far. Also, the government has reduced
securities transaction tax (STT) from 0.25% to 0.001% in 2013. Currently, the
industry has close to 1,900 schemes. In fact, a few fund houses have three
schemes each in the liquid fund and mid & small cap category. This creates
confusion among distributors and investors." In the AMFI AGM held last month,
SEBI Chairman U K Sinha has urged fund houses to consolidate schemes having
similar fundamental attributes. Expressing his concern over increasing number of
similar schemes, Sinha reportedly said that there are hardly any AMCs who have
put efforts to merge their schemes even after complete clarity on taxation.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2015 Bajaj Capital Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

KiwiSaver transfer could trigger hefty tax bill

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 467 words


Twelve members of the stock exhange"s Smartshares KiwiSaver scheme have been
told they could face a hefty tax bill if they move schemes because of changes to
tax laws in the United Kingdom.

The NZX has written to members of its Smartshares KiwiSaver scheme proposing
most transfer to its Superlife KiwiSaver scheme.

It acquired the Superlife business in January which means the company now
operates two KiwiSaver schemes.

It is recommending the Smartkiwi scheme members move to the Superlife scheme
because it has a wider range of investment options, a better online service and
more frequent communications.

But 12 of the approximately 1350 members have been told they will not be
transferred because they have previously moved UK pension money into their
KiwiSaver scheme and could face a tax bill of 40 per cent of the transferred
amount and a further 15 per cent of the balance in a surcharge.

"Recent UK law changes mean that if we transfer Smartshares KiwiSaver scheme
members who have transferred money from a UK pension scheme, these members could
be liable for an unauthorised payment charge (40 per cent of the transferred
balance) and an unauthorised payment surcharge (a further 15 per cent of the
transferred balance)," NZX head of funds management Aaron Jenkins wrote.

The NZX said it would keep the SmartKiwi scheme open to accommodate the members
and any higher costs of running it with fewer members would be met by the NZX.

The 12 members have been advised to get UK tax advice before transferring to any
other KiwiSaver scheme and have been told they are not alone in facing the
issue.

"Smartshares has raised its concerns in respect of the recent UK law changes
with HM Revenue & Customs (in particular, that people that have transferred
money from a UK pension scheme into a KiwiSaver scheme may be "trapped" with
their current KiwiSaver scheme provider - this is an issue for all KiwiSaver
schemes, not just the Smartshares KiwiSaver scheme).

"We have asked HM Revenue & Customs to allow you to transfer to another
KiwiSaver scheme without unauthorised payment charges."

The NZX said it had yet to receive a response from the UK tax department.

The problem stems from a UK tax department decision made in April to remove the
KiwiSaver schemes from its list of qualifying overseas pension schemes.

This was done because of concerns about people getting access to their money
before retirement.

KiwiSaver allows people to access their funds early to buy their first home and
through financial hardship.

The members of the SmartKiwi scheme not affected by the UK pension issue have
until October 26 to send a submission on the proposed transfer to the Financial
Markets Authority which will make the final call on the transfer.

If the FMA gives approval the members will be transferred this November.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

From bye bye to buy;
A look at some of the schemes that developers have been using in order to
attract fence-sitters especially in a sluggish market

BYLINE: Ramesh Nair

LENGTH: 911  words


Expert Speak:    A look at some of the schemes that developers have been using
in order to attract fence-sitters especially in a sluggish market

In response to the unrelenting sluggishness in the market, Mumbai's residential
developers have been offering various schemes to entice fence-sitters; at a
recently-held property exhibition in Mumbai, such schemes were very much in
evidence. Here's a detailed breakdown of the popular schemes:

Interest waiver

In this scheme, buyers get a waiver of EMIs for the stated number of months (12/
24/ 42), subject to the loan tenure. A bank loan and registration of the
property is compulsory under this scheme.

Insight: This scheme should be studied closely by buyers - in particular, the
interest rates applicable after the interest waiver period must be ascertained.
If the bank charges higher than normal interest rates after the waiver period,
customers should ideally not opt for this scheme unless it for some reason fits
in with their own financial planning.

Lower interest rate

Buyers opting to book a flat under this scheme get a reduction in interest rate
for two to three years. The interest rate on a housing loan is lower at 7.99%,
for a specific period as offered by the developer under this scheme, as against
the normal prevailing market interest rate. A bank loan and registration are
compulsory.

Insight: Again, buyers need to ascertain the interest rates applicable after the
two-three year period. The catch here is that the banks could charge at
prevalent market rates after the initial period. This amount may inflate the
EMIs far higher than the borrower expected.

Subvention schemes

The most popular schemes include 20:80, 10:90:10, 8:92 and 5:95 schemes. Also
known as subvention schemes, buyers opting for these are only required to pay an
amount equivalent to the smaller number of the ratio.

The rest is funded by a bank after it has approved the borrower's eligibility.
Equated monthly instalments (EMIs) start either on possession or after such
specific period as mentioned by the developer. Registration of the property is
compulsory in these cases.

In a variant of the above scheme, clients pay 5-10% of their own funds, and the
financial institutions lends up to 70% of the amount, which is
construction-linked. The balance 20% is contributed by the buyer, but EMIs start
immediately upon disbursement of the loan.

These schemes have been popular since the time of their introduction across
Mumbai and its extended suburbs. They remain a good selling tactic for
developers; more so in areas with an over-supply of units in affordable
projects. These schemes are particularly attractive to end-users, have been
quite successful in swinging irresolute buyers towards a purchase commitment.
Most projects offer these schemes in the pre-launch or launch stages, and they
are a good way for developers to raise money for construction.

Insight:What buyers need to know while opting for such schemes is that in these,
most developers charge higher per square feet (psf) prices compared to the rates
offered in construction-linked payment schemes. This is because the developers
need to pay interest to banks, and therefore charge customers a premium to
compensate for this.

20:80 scheme without bank funding

A variation of these subvention schemes is the 20:80 scheme without bank
funding. In this, a buyer needs to pay 19.9% of the total contribution, and will
pay the balance 80% on possession or after such specific period as mentioned by
the developer. Registration may or may not be compulsory in these projects. This
scheme appeals to investors and buyers not requiring bank loans. It is popular
with home buyers in premium projects or locations like South Mumbai, who do not
need bank financing to buy their properties. It makes good sense for them to
book and secure a property under this scheme, which would not be available by
the time the project reaches completion. They can also expect appreciation in
prices by the time of possession.

Semi/fully-furnished flats

Some developers are offering flats with white goods or with pre-installed
modular kitchen. Others may offer fully-furnished flats with wardrobes and other
furniture provided. These offers are also generally found in far-off suburbs
like Badlapur or Titwala, and are typically meant for end-users and budget
segment buyers. The supply is high in such areas, and sales can be accelerated
in projects offering these additional amenities.

Guaranteed rentals

The USP of this scheme is that developers offer guaranteed rentals for two to
three years, either until possession or post-possession. This is a scheme meant
to attract investors who are on the market for income-generating assets that
they will not occupy themselves.

Insight: Only a few builders offer this scheme, and it has been noted that the
lump-sum amount of 24-36 monthly rentals is actually a discount that the
developers give to their customers. In fact, this is an interesting example of
how developers disguise discounts.

Apart from these schemes, developers are also seen offering waivers on floor
rise price and stamp duty as well as registration cost for limited periods.
While such offers definitely boost sales, factors like local amenities, project
location and brand name of the developer still continue to remain relevant for
buyers. Customers also need to study the terms and conditions and the price
differences in each scheme.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Pakistan: LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, March 21 -- Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has launched operation
against 109 illegal housing schemes in Lahore under LDA Act-(1975). People have
been warned to restrain themselves in sale and purchase of property in these
schemes. LDA has informed that under the provisions of Lahore Development
Authority Act 1975; except Lahore Development Authority, no other authority or
Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body
or any other government agency is authorized to approve any private housing
scheme/ land sub-divisions in Lahore Division after 19.09.2013. Sponsors of the
housing schemes and land sub-divisions are not allowed to develop the scheme
without approval of Lahore Development Authority. Sponsors will not be allowed
to advertise any scheme or project prior to formal approval by LDA. As per
received record from TMA and field reports, following 109 housing schemes / land
sub-divisions are found illegal against which LDA has initiated necessary legal
action under LDA Act-(1975). New Kashmir Park PuranaKahna,Badduke Minor,Off
Ferozpur Road Lahore,Madni Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road, Madni Garden Extension Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur Road,
scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah Village,near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur
Road,Saleem Garden near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Aftab Garden near Khaira
Distributary,Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand,Green Avenue Mouza Bagrian Dharam
Chand,Abdullah Park Near Al Haram Garden Aziz Colony,near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Indus Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road,Lahore Gardens
3-km off Butherkhana Distributary,Mian Ji Abdullah HS near Raiwind Flyover,
Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore,New Gulshan-e-Lahore opposite Subhan Garden, off
Ferozpur Road,Subhan Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park
Housing Schemem,Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road,Al-Haram Garden,HS Near Madhey Shah
village, off Ferozpur Road,Al-Rehman Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga,Abdullah Park
Raiwal Road, Mouza Raiwind, Sabir Estate-II near Grand Avenue, 28-km Ferozpur
Road,Haji Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village, off Ferozpur Road,Madina View
Housing Scheme Butherkhana Distributary,Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju,Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha,Faisal town Mouza Thai
Panju,Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna, Roadway Commercial Area /
Sub-Division near Khyaban-e-Ameen, Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme
Situated near Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to grave
yard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.

Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana, Vital EE Housing
Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of
Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Ferozpur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to Block
E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme. Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-II, situated at Chandrai Road ,Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab Housing
Scheme,Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab Housing,Geelani Homes illegal extension
of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-I extension of
Gulshan -e- Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road,Geelani Park Phase- II illegal
extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Waheed Brothers Colony adjacent to Pak
Arab Housing,Hajvery Gardens,Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata,Iqbal
Park near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road,sadat Colony Gawala Colony,
Chandrai Road,Faisal town Phase-II KahnaKacha, Qasim Estate Housing Scheme Kacha
Road,Madina Town, Hudaira Drain, Madina Avenue Ferozpur Road,subhan Garden
Ferozpur Road,Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Punjab park phase III,Arshad Garden
UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden,Nazir Garden,IBL Homes UBD Canal, Mian Aziz
Gardens,Scholar University Town,Hafiz Town Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road,LDA
Employees Multan Road,Park View Villas Multan Road, C- Pearl Illegal extension
of Block C of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Tayyab Town College
Road,Feroze Park College Road,Sharif Park Phase I, Sharif Park Phase II college
Road,Hakim Town College Road, Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden College
Road, Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road, Jamal Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Heaven Homes Kyabane- Ferdosi Road,Mahnoor Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Rehman Park Khyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Mustafa Town Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Illegal sub-division
adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town Ph-II G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T
Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road, Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal
Road, Ali Town G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous
Garden Ph 2 G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road, Al Hassan Town G.T.
Road, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh , G.T Road, Rehmat Town GT Road, Gulshan
e Yaseen Momin Pura Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road, Amir Town Canal Road,
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil Garden Manga
Mandi,housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model High School Raiwind
Bypass Road, Teachers Colony ,Raiwind By Pass Road, Illegal scheme (Heaven
Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal scheme/Sub-Division near Khalis Fiber Mill
Off Raiwind Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Hashmat School Sundar Raiwind
Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass Road, illegal Scheme
/Sub-Division near Tameer-E-Serat School Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind
Sub-Division at Mall Chowk, At AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road. All prospective
buyers of plots in any of above mention Housing Schemes/ Land Sub-Divisions have
been advised not to purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land sub-
division is approved by the Lahore Development Authority. They have further been
advised to get information about the legality of the housing scheme / land
sub-division and status of plot(s) from Lahore Development Authority

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1022  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has
initiated legal action against 109 illegal housing schemes in
the city under LDA Act-(1975).
 The LDA, in a statement here Friday, warned the people to restrain
themselves in sale and purchase of property in these schemes.


    Under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975,
except LDA , no other authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil
Municipal  Administration or any local body or any other government
agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/land sub-divisions in
Lahore Division after 19.09.2013.
 Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions are not
allowed to develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority.
Sponsors will not be allowed to advertise any scheme or
project prior to formal approval by LDA, said the statement.
 The LDA said as per record received from TMA and field reports,
following 109 housing schemes/land sub-divisions were found illegal
against which it initiated necessary legal action under LDA Act-(1975):
 New Kashmir Park PuranaKahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore, Madni Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off
Ferozpur Road, Madni Garden Extension Purana Kahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur Road, scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah
Village, near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur Road, Saleem
Garden near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road, Aftab Garden near
Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Green Avenue
Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Abdullah Park Near Al Haram Garden
Aziz Colony, near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Indus Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road, Lahore Gardens
3-km off Butherkhana Distributary, Mian Ji Abdullah HS near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore, New Gulshan-e-
Lahore opposite Subhan Garden, off Ferozpur Road, Subhan
Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park
Housing Schemem,Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road, Al-Haram Garden, HS
Near Madhey Shah village, off Ferozpur Road, Al-Rehman
Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga, Abdullah Park Raiwal Road,
Mouza Raiwind, Sabir Estate-II near Grand Avenue, 28-km
Ferozpur Road, Haji Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village,
off Ferozpur Road, Madina View Housing Scheme Butherkhana
Distributary, Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju, Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha, Faisal
town Mouza Thai Panju, Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna,
Roadway Commercial Area / Sub-Division near Khyaban-e-Ameen,
Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated near
Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to
grave yard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.
Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana,
Vital EE Housing Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF
Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozpur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to Block E, Pak
Arab Housing Scheme,
    Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II,
situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing, Geelani Homes illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-I extension of
Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-II
illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Waheed Brothers
Colony adjacent to Pak Arab Housing, Hajvery
Gardens, Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata, Iqbal Park
near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road, Sadat Colony Gawala
Colony, Chandrai Road, Faisal town Phase-II KahnaKacha, Qasim
Estate Housing Scheme Kacha Road, Madina Town, Hudaira Drain,
Madina Avenue Ferozpur Road, Subhan Garden Ferozpur
Road, Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Punjab park phase III, Arshad
Garden UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden, Nazir Garden, IBL Homes UBD
Canal, Mian Aziz Gardens, Scholar University Town, Hafiz Town
Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road, LDA Employees Multan Road,
Park View Villas Multan Road, C-Pearl Illegal extension of Block
C ofPak Arab Housing Scheme, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Tayyab
Town College Road, Feroze Park College Road, Sharif Park Phase
I, Sharif Park Phase II college Road,Hakim Town College Road,
Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden College Road,
Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road,
Jamal Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Heaven Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi
Road, Mahnoor Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,
Rehman Park Khyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi
Road, Mustafa Town Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Illegal
sub-division adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town Ph-II
G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road,
Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal Road, Ali Town
G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous
Garden Ph 2 G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road,
Al Hassan Town G.T. Road, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh,
G.T Road, Rehmat Town GT Road, Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura
Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road, Amir Town Canal Road,
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil Garden
Manga Mandi, housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model
High School Raiwind Bypass Road, Teachers Colony, Raiwind By
Pass Road, Illegal scheme (Heaven Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road,
illegal scheme/Sub-Division near Khalis Fiber Mill Off Raiwind
Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Hashmat School Sundar
Raiwind Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass
Road, illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Tameer-E-Serat School
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind Sub-Division at Mall Chowk, At
AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.
    The LDA advised prospective buyers of plots in any of above
mentioned housing schemes/ land sub-divisions not to
purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land sub-
division was approved by the Lahore Development Authority.
    It also advised the people to get information about
the legality of the housing scheme / land sub-division and
status of plot(s) from the Lahore Development Authority.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

LDA initiates action against illegal housing schemes

LENGTH: 1022  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has
initiated legal action against 109 illegal housing schemes in
the city under LDA Act-(1975).
 The LDA, in a statement here Friday, warned the people to restrain
themselves in sale and purchase of property in these schemes.


    Under the provisions of Lahore Development Authority Act 1975,
except LDA , no other authority or Town Municipal Administration/Tehsil
Municipal  Administration or any local body or any other government
agency is authorized to approve any private housing scheme/land sub-divisions in
Lahore Division after 19.09.2013.
 Sponsors of the housing schemes and land sub-divisions are not
allowed to develop the scheme without approval of Lahore Development Authority.
Sponsors will not be allowed to advertise any scheme or
project prior to formal approval by LDA, said the statement.
 The LDA said as per record received from TMA and field reports,
following 109 housing schemes/land sub-divisions were found illegal
against which it initiated necessary legal action under LDA Act-(1975):
 New Kashmir Park PuranaKahna, Badduke Minor, Off Ferozpur
Road Lahore, Madni Garden Purana Kahna, Badduke Minor, Off
Ferozpur Road, Madni Garden Extension Purana Kahna, Badduke
Minor, Off Ferozpur Road, scheme adjacent to Madhey Shah
Village, near village Madhey Shah, Off Ferozpur Road, Saleem
Garden near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road, Aftab Garden near
Khaira Distributary, Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Green Avenue
Mouza Bagrian Dharam Chand, Abdullah Park Near Al Haram Garden
Aziz Colony, near Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind
Indus Estate Near Elite Town, Ferozpur Road, Lahore Gardens
3-km off Butherkhana Distributary, Mian Ji Abdullah HS near
Raiwind Flyover, Railway Road, Raiwind Lahore, New Gulshan-e-
Lahore opposite Subhan Garden, off Ferozpur Road, Subhan
Gardens Purana Kahna, Ferozpur Road Lahore, Gulberg Park
Housing Schemem,Sua Aasil, Ferozpur Road, Al-Haram Garden, HS
Near Madhey Shah village, off Ferozpur Road, Al-Rehman
Foundation HS Mouza Jia Bhaga, Abdullah Park Raiwal Road,
Mouza Raiwind, Sabir Estate-II near Grand Avenue, 28-km
Ferozpur Road, Haji Park Housing Scheme Madhey Shah village,
off Ferozpur Road, Madina View Housing Scheme Butherkhana
Distributary, Badar Colony Mouza Thai Panju, Bilal Town
Butcher khana Distributary, Roshan Town Kahna katcha, Faisal
town Mouza Thai Panju, Akhter Abad Housing Scheme Purana Kahna,
Roadway Commercial Area / Sub-Division near Khyaban-e-Ameen,
Defence Road, Green Cap Housing Scheme Situated near
Gajumata, Vital Premium Housing Scheme situated adjacent to
grave yard of Block E, Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Chandrai Road.
Vital DD Housing Scheme situated opposite to Baraf Khana,
Vital EE Housing Scheme adjacent to Shadab Colony, Vital FF
Housing Scheme adjacent to block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme,
Ferozpur Road,Vital AA Housing Scheme adjacent to Block E, Pak
Arab Housing Scheme,
    Bilal Town Illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-II,
situated at Chandrai Road, Fatima Houses adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing Scheme, Ideal Garden adjacent to Pak Arab
Housing, Geelani Homes illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab
Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-I extension of
Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Ferozpur Road, Geelani Park Phase-II
illegal extension of Gulshan-e-Ahab Phase-III, Waheed Brothers
Colony adjacent to Pak Arab Housing, Hajvery
Gardens, Defense Road, green Park Housing Gajjumata, Iqbal Park
near Gawala Colony, Amar Town defence Road, Sadat Colony Gawala
Colony, Chandrai Road, Faisal town Phase-II KahnaKacha, Qasim
Estate Housing Scheme Kacha Road, Madina Town, Hudaira Drain,
Madina Avenue Ferozpur Road, Subhan Garden Ferozpur
Road, Pearl Garden Ferozpur Road, Punjab park phase III, Arshad
Garden UBD Canal, Hajveri Garden, Nazir Garden, IBL Homes UBD
Canal, Mian Aziz Gardens, Scholar University Town, Hafiz Town
Multan Road, Pak Town Multan Road, LDA Employees Multan Road,
Park View Villas Multan Road, C-Pearl Illegal extension of Block
C ofPak Arab Housing Scheme, F-I, F-II/Pak Arab Scheme, Phase-II
Situated adjacent to Block E of Pak Arab Housing Scheme, Tayyab
Town College Road, Feroze Park College Road, Sharif Park Phase
I, Sharif Park Phase II college Road,Hakim Town College Road,
Jeeva Park College Road, Al Madina Garden College Road,
Illegal land sub-division adjacent to NFC Scheme College Road,
Jamal Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road , Heaven Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi
Road, Mahnoor Villas Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Johar Villas
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Islam Park Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,
Rehman Park Khyabane-Ferdosi Road, Prime Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi
Road, Mustafa Town Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Ghousia Colony
Kyabane-Ferdosi Road, Zain Homes Kyabane-Ferdosi Road,Illegal
sub-division adjacent to T & T Aabpara Scheme, Ata Town Ph-II
G.T Road, Tufail Garden G.T Road, Ali Alam Garden Canal Road,
Khabar Garden canal Road, Rizwan Garden Canal Road, Ali Town
G.T Road, Ata Town G.T Road, Al Khair Garden Taij Garh, Ghous
Garden Ph 2 G.T. Road, Asad Town Sooter Mill Road, G.T Road,
Al Hassan Town G.T. Road, Garrision Garden Ph-III Taij Garh,
G.T Road, Rehmat Town GT Road, Gulshan e Yaseen Momin Pura
Road G.T Road, Fahad Town G.T Road, Amir Town Canal Road,
Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division adjacent Manga Mandi, Aqil Garden
Manga Mandi, housing Scheme/Land Sub-Division near Govt Model
High School Raiwind Bypass Road, Teachers Colony, Raiwind By
Pass Road, Illegal scheme (Heaven Villas) Raiwind Bypass Road,
illegal scheme/Sub-Division near Khalis Fiber Mill Off Raiwind
Road, Illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Hashmat School Sundar
Raiwind Road, adjacent To VIP Marriage Hall Raiwind Bypass
Road, illegal Scheme/Sub-Division near Tameer-E-Serat School
Raiwind Bypass Road, Raiwind Sub-Division at Mall Chowk, At
AddaMal, Sundar Raiwind Road.
    The LDA advised prospective buyers of plots in any of above
mentioned housing schemes/ land sub-divisions not to
purchase property in any scheme, until the scheme/ land sub-
division was approved by the Lahore Development Authority.
    It also advised the people to get information about
the legality of the housing scheme / land sub-division and
status of plot(s) from the Lahore Development Authority.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 08, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes are healthier than ever - thanks to you finances at a glance

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 508 words


Medical schemes had a good year financially in 2011 and have reached a new level
of financial soundness, the regulator of schemes has reported. This is despite
steep escalations in the cost of claims paid by schemes, especially those for
hospital and specialist treatment.

Last year was again a year in which members faced above-|inflation contribution
increases, and there are few indications that the factors that are contributing
to these stiff increases are abating.

What medical schemes collected from you in contributions exceeded, by R1
billion, what they paid in claims on your behalf, and this, together with
investment income, resulted in schemes recording an average net surplus of R4.3
billion last year, the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2011/12
released this week shows.

The total reserves that schemes hold as protection against times when they may
incur high claims rose by 13.9 percent to R35 billion.

As a result of these good results, the average solvency ratio of all schemes -
their reserves as a percentage of contribution income - increased by 2.5
percentage points to 32.6 percent. This is well above the solvency ratio of 25
percent of|contributions that medical schemes are required by law to maintain.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says although medical
schemes have to provide you with certain minimum benefits - and some schemes say
these benefits are pushing up the cost of your contributions - the medical
scheme industry has been performing better than ever, and schemes have reached a
new level of financial soundness.

"The industry has never been as stable and sustainable as it is now," Gantsho
says.

But the registrar's comments may mean less to you, the medical scheme member,
who saw your|contributions increase by an average of 8.9 percent last year.
Inflation, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), was 6.1 percent for
the year to the end of December 2011.

Members of open medical schemes (which must admit anyone as a member) had a
higher average increase of 9.2 percent, while restricted schemes (which limit
membership to certain groups or employees) had a lower average increase of 8.4
percent. The average family contribution to a restricted scheme is 12 percent
lower than to an open scheme, according to the council's annual report.

The annual report notes that from 2001 to 2011 the average difference between
the increase in contributions and CPI was in the region of 3.9 percent, which is
higher than the increase of CPI plus three percent recommended by the
registrar's office. The trend of a CPI plus|3.9-percent increase "has
implications for the long-term affordability of the medical schemes industry, as
increases in salaries may not necessarily be able to keep pace with contribution
increases", Gantsho notes in his report.

Although the financial health of schemes may be good, the annual report also
contains information that suggests the pressure on your contributions is
unlikely to ease soon. Some of the issues are covered in the articles on page 3.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

High court backs council over medical scheme

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: PRINT:PAGE

LENGTH: 584  words


High court backs council over medical scheme

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - The North Gauteng High Court has upheld a decision by the Council
for Medical Schemes to stop Barloworld, one of the largest traders of
earth-moving equipment, from enrolling in its in-house medical scheme people who
work for a subsidiary it sold in 2007.

The ruling is significant as it upholds the council's view that the Medical
Schemes Act does not allow restricted schemes to change their rules to enable
them to pick and choose their members.

The council has faced legal challenges from several restricted medical schemes
trying to change their rules in this way, including the Government Employees
Medical Scheme (GEMS) and Profmed, which enrolls professionals.

GEMS has attempted to exclude public servants working for local and municipal
government, while Profmed has tried to extend its membership criteria to include
people who do not meet its usual requirement of having a four-year degree.

There are two types of medical schemes: restricted schemes that limit their
membership to employees from a specific company or trade, and open medical
schemes that allow anyone who can afford their fees to join. All are governed by
the Medical Schemes Act, and held to account by the Council for Medical Schemes.

& Our view has consistently been that restricted schemes are required to operate
within the strict parameters prescribed by the Medical Schemes Act and do not
have the latitude to expand eligibility criteria to suit themselves,& said
council registrar Monwabisi Gantsho.

& This has been a long haul and is not inconceivable that Bowman Gilfillan, who
act for Barloworld Medical Scheme, may advise them to appeal to the Supreme
Court of Appeal. In the interim it remains a significant victory for us,& he
said.

Barloworld Medical Scheme applied to the council to amend its rules to enable it
to include employees of its former subsidiary, paint maker Freeworld Coatings,
in October 2007.

Instead of limiting membership to Barloworld and its subsidiaries and associated
or affiliated entities, the board of trustees asked that it be given discretion
to allow former employees to continue to participate in the scheme.

& The board had sought to change the eligibility rule by adding that
participating employers can be added at their discretion - in essence redefining
'employer',& said Dr Gantsho.

& These subjective powers would have had the effect of being able to exclude a
legitimate participating employer, which contradicts section 29(3)(b) of the
Medical Schemes Act, or include a company that is not a participating employer,
as is the case for the unbundled companies, which contradicts section 29(3)(b).&
The council rejected Barloworld Medical Scheme's proposed rule amendments in
August 2008, prompting it to appeal the decision - first within the council's
appeals processes, and then in the high court.

On Wednesday, the North Gauteng High Court ruled that the eligibility criteria
of restricted schemes cannot be changed by the board of trustees, as doing so
would have the effect of making the scheme an open one and it would be breaking
the law by restricting membership.

The court said it was likely that the board of trustees would be more likely to
favour employer groups that were financially advantageous, and a scenario could
unfold where a company unbundled and chose to admit only a favourable division
to the medical scheme.

Barloworld Medical Scheme was not available for comment.

kahnt@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

High court backs council over medical scheme

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 584  words


High court backs council over medical scheme

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - The North Gauteng High Court has upheld a decision by the Council
for Medical Schemes to stop Barloworld, one of the largest traders of
earth-moving equipment, from enrolling in its in-house medical scheme people who
work for a subsidiary it sold in 2007.

The ruling is significant as it upholds the council's view that the Medical
Schemes Act does not allow restricted schemes to change their rules to enable
them to pick and choose their members.

The council has faced legal challenges from several restricted medical schemes
trying to change their rules in this way, including the Government Employees
Medical Scheme (GEMS) and Profmed, which enrolls professionals.

GEMS has attempted to exclude public servants working for local and municipal
government, while Profmed has tried to extend its membership criteria to include
people who do not meet its usual requirement of having a four-year degree.

There are two types of medical schemes: restricted schemes that limit their
membership to employees from a specific company or trade, and open medical
schemes that allow anyone who can afford their fees to join. All are governed by
the Medical Schemes Act, and held to account by the Council for Medical Schemes.

& Our view has consistently been that restricted schemes are required to operate
within the strict parameters prescribed by the Medical Schemes Act and do not
have the latitude to expand eligibility criteria to suit themselves,& said
council registrar Monwabisi Gantsho.

& This has been a long haul and is not inconceivable that Bowman Gilfillan, who
act for Barloworld Medical Scheme, may advise them to appeal to the Supreme
Court of Appeal. In the interim it remains a significant victory for us,& he
said.

Barloworld Medical Scheme applied to the council to amend its rules to enable it
to include employees of its former subsidiary, paint maker Freeworld Coatings,
in October 2007.

Instead of limiting membership to Barloworld and its subsidiaries and associated
or affiliated entities, the board of trustees asked that it be given discretion
to allow former employees to continue to participate in the scheme.

& The board had sought to change the eligibility rule by adding that
participating employers can be added at their discretion - in essence redefining
'employer',& said Dr Gantsho.

& These subjective powers would have had the effect of being able to exclude a
legitimate participating employer, which contradicts section 29(3)(b) of the
Medical Schemes Act, or include a company that is not a participating employer,
as is the case for the unbundled companies, which contradicts section 29(3)(b).&
The council rejected Barloworld Medical Scheme's proposed rule amendments in
August 2008, prompting it to appeal the decision - first within the council's
appeals processes, and then in the high court.

On Wednesday, the North Gauteng High Court ruled that the eligibility criteria
of restricted schemes cannot be changed by the board of trustees, as doing so
would have the effect of making the scheme an open one and it would be breaking
the law by restricting membership.

The court said it was likely that the board of trustees would be more likely to
favour employer groups that were financially advantageous, and a scenario could
unfold where a company unbundled and chose to admit only a favourable division
to the medical scheme.

Barloworld Medical Scheme was not available for comment.

kahnt@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

The Annual Allowance - big savers beware!

BYLINE: Georgina Rankin

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1090 words


The cap on the amount of savings a person could build up in registered pension
schemes over a year - the Annual Allowance - was reduced from pounds 255,000 to
pounds 50,000 from April 6, 2011. To the extent that this cap is exceeded a tax
charge may be levied.

What immediate issues will individuals with high pension savings have to address
for the tax year 2011/2012? Given that it is the individual's responsibility to
determine whether an Annual Allowance tax charge has been incurred, there will
be a need to assess the increase in savings over the pension input period in
each pension scheme of which the individual is a member. A pension input period
is usually a one-year year period, although the start and end date of each
pension input period will vary between pension schemes. Pension scheme members
should already be aware of their applicable pension input periods.

The assessment of whether a member has exceeded the Annual Allowance is
relatively straightforward in defined contribution pension schemes, as the
calculation of savings accrued over a pension input period will depend on the
total amount of employer and employee contributions paid to the scheme. The
calculation is less straightforward for defined benefit pension schemes. There
is a prescribed formula for assessing the value of the pension that a member has
accrued throughout the year in a defined benefit pension scheme, taking into
account factors such as any increase in salary.

What information should members expect to receive to allow them to determine
whether a tax charge is due? Members may receive (and can request) a pension
savings statement from the pension scheme, advising on the increase in their
savings over the pension input period. The pension savings statement should also
state the level of the Annual Allowance for the relevant tax year, and the same
information for the last three tax years to help a member identify if he has any
'carry forward' entitlement. This is because it is possible for members to carry
forward unused Annual Allowance from the past three years.

Pension schemes are obliged to provide a pension savings statement to a member
automatically by October 6 following the end of the relevant tax year if the
member exceeds the Annual Allowance in that pension scheme. For the tax year
2011/12 the pension scheme has an extra year to issue the pension savings
statement - it must do so by October 6, 2013.

Individuals have to account via their self assessment tax return for any Annual
Allowance tax charge that is due. A member will be asked to provide information
about his pension savings in the tax return. Problems arise with timings for the
tax year 2011/2012. The deadline for a member to submit a self assessment tax
return for 2011/2012 is 31 January 2013 (assuming that the return is being
submitted online). However, a pension scheme will have until October 6, 2013, to
provide the member with a pension savings statement - over eight months after
the tax return deadline.

If a member does not have the required information from the pension scheme then
HMRC expects the member to estimate the amount of his pension savings. This is
not a straightforward exercise, particularly where the member is accruing
benefits in a defined benefit pension scheme. There are a number of additional
complexities (not covered in this article) that may need to be taken into
account, depending on the member's circumstances, that will impact upon how the
member's pension savings are assessed against the Annual Allowance. Individuals
may have to ask pension scheme trustees or administrators to assist them in
making their assessment, or take steps to calculate the pension savings
information themselves.

Scheme pays If the member incurs an Annual Allowance tax charge of more than
pounds 2,000, and his pension savings in any one pension scheme exceeds the
Annual Allowance, the member can notify the pension scheme that the element of
the charge attributable to savings in that pension scheme should be met from the
benefits under that pension scheme - this process is known as 'scheme pays'. For
the tax year 2011/12 the member has until December 31, 2013 to issue a notice
that he wishes to use 'scheme pays'. Due to the extended deadline for issuing
pension savings statements the member could potentially only have from October
6, 2013, until December 2013 to make the decision on whether to opt for scheme
pays. This is an important decision for an individual to make as it will impact
upon the benefits that will eventually be paid from the scheme and it may need
to be made within a tight timescale.

If the Annual Allowance tax charge payable by the member via scheme pays is
incorrect, there is an opportunity to correct this mistake by giving an amended
notice to the pension scheme at a later date. If the tax liability has reduced
it will be for the pension scheme to make a claim to HMRC for the refund, and
that refund will be passed on to the member in a form decided by the pension
scheme.

Be prepared!

Individuals who have high pension savings would be wise to start understanding
the implications of the reduction in the Annual Allowance now. With regards to
the tax year 2011/2012 affected pension scheme members may wish to request the
necessary pension savings information in advance of completing their self
assessment tax returns. This will hopefully ensure accuracy of any Annual
Allowance tax charge and allow sufficient time for individuals to assess whether
scheme pays is the best option for them.

? Georgina Rankin was promoted to the partnership at Squire Sanders in
Birmingham in May 2012. Georgina's practice focuses on advising on occupational
pension plans, and she has particular experience in advising both the trustees
and the corporate sponsor of occupational pension plans.

Squire Sanders' market-leading Pensions Practice Group is one of the largest and
most experienced pensions teams, with 18 partners and over 60 pensions law
specialists in the UK, further supported by pension and benefit specialists in
the US, Europe and Australia. The team, which has recently been awarded
"Pensions Law Firm 2012" in the Pension and Investment Provider Awards run by
the Financial Times group, continues to attract a diverse and prestigious client
base: alongside advising many household names in the private sector, and an
increasing number of public sector bodies, the pensions practice also has
particular strengths in utility companies ranging from water to nuclear energy.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Georgina Rankin, Pension Partner at Squire Sanders Understanding the
implications of the reduction in Annual Allowance is key for people with high
pension savings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2012 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

Contaminated water claims over 10,000 lives annually in Karachi alone

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 157

LENGTH: 456  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water. A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases
revealed that every third person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and
Sindh province is the most affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber
Pakhtunkhawa and Punjab provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor. The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes
are providing piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs
and for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million
persons on 1247 surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes. More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional
schemes are providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the
average water charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Talking to APP, Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management,
operation and maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of
the water supply schemes. On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718
non-functional schemes have been found as temporarily closed. The Chairman said
identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are financial
problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery and
distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes. According to the
survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16 percent of the
schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20 years old,
whereas 47 percent schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years. It necessitates a
program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in
the district and the priority should be given to the older schemes. These
remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future water
requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

New valuation norms to raise Liquid Plus schemes' volatility

BYLINE: Bakul Chugan Tongia

SECTION: MF NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


The new valuation norms, which mandate fund houses to mark-to-market securities
with a maturity of over 91 days in the Liquid Plus category of mutual funds, may
increase volatility in these schemes.

Asset management companies (AMCs) are now gearing up to revamp their investment
strategies to ensure that volatility is curtailed without compromising on the
tax arbitrage enjoyed by the Liquid Plus category of funds.

While there has not been any immediate adverse impact of the new ruling on the
assets managed by fund houses under Liquid and Liquid Plus categories, there may
be concerns in the future, if there is high volatility in the money market. It
is, thus, important for fund managers to insulate these products so as to retain
their large-ticket institutional investors.

"One likely change in the investment strategy can be to incorporate a higher
percentage of securities with less than a 91-day maturity in Liquid Plus schemes
," says Mahendra Jajoo, ED & CIO (fixed income), Pramerica Asset Management.
"This would reduce the volatility of the portfolio which will otherwise be
marked-to-market for securities with maturities higher than 91 days," he adds.

This new strategy, which fund managers may now look forward to, will, in fact,
act as a double-edged sword. On one hand, Liquid Plus schemes will run like any
other liquid scheme, on the other hand, investors will continue to enjoy the tax
arbitrage applicable to Liquid Plus schemes.

Liquid Plus schemes currently attract a dividend distribution tax (DDT) of
nearly 22.7% against 28.3% DDT applicable to the Liquid category of funds. It's
for this reason that many institutional investors prefer Liquid Plus to Liquid
schemes. Moreover, as the Liquid Plus category invests in papers with a maturity
higher than 91 days, their returns are relatively superior to Liquid schemes
which invest in papers with less than a 91-day maturity.

Over the past one year, Liquid schemes have generated an average of around 4%
returns while Liquid Plus schemes have generated about 6% returns during the
same period. For large institutional investors, with investments running in
crores of rupees in these schemes, this differential of 200 basis points is
quite significant.

The popularity enjoyed by Liquid Plus schemes is also evident from the assets
managed by these schemes vis-?-vis Liquid schemes. By the end of June '10,
Liquid Plus schemes managed assets worth around `1.9-lakh crore against `66,000
crore by Liquid schemes.

Thus, with new valuation guidelines directing the securities in Liquid Plus
schemes to be marked-to-market have raised more concerns among investors of
these schemes.

The new investment strategy, to run Liquid Plus schemes like any other Liquid
scheme, will reduce the volatility of the portfolio, but will also mean that
investors may have to compromise on returns that accrue to securities with
higher maturities. However, this may not be an immediate concern since currently
the yield curve being flat - both short and long duration securities are earning
relatively similar yields.

"Going forward, however, the industry may see the category of Liquid Plus
schemes being sub-categorised as those with maturity of less than 91 days,
carrying a lower risk and volatility and those with securities more than 91 days
and up to one year, which will be marked-to-market, will be construed to be more
volatile," says a fund manager from the industry who did not wish to be named.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 10, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Medical schemes shake-up 'to cut' your healthcare costs;
The government wants more young and healthy people to join medical schemes so
that comprehensive health care remains affordable for higher-claiming sick and
elderly members. Bruce Cameron reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1041 words


Mandatory membership of a medical scheme for those who can afford it and greater
standardisation of the benefits offered by schemes are among the options that
the government is considering to reduce your healthcare costs.

Stephen Harrison, who is in charge of strategy at the Council for Medical
Schemes, says these moves are essential to sustain risk pooling
(cross-subsidisation between medical scheme members) and to contain costs.

Harrison this week provided details of the medical scheme policy alternatives at
the annual Health Focus seminars, which are sponsored by Personal Finance and
Discovery Health.

Two-tier structure

Harrison says a two-tier benefit structure is being considered by the Council
for Medical Schemes. The structure separates basic benefits from supplementary
or optional benefits that schemes can offer you.

The two tiers will be structured as follows:

u The first tier will be a set of basic prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) to
which all scheme members will be entitled. Currently, there are about 300 PMBs.

To ensure that medical schemes do not try to shut out high-claiming members, the
proposed risk equalisation fund (REF) will come into play at this tier.

The REF is being set up to make sure that it costs medical schemes the same to
provide certain basic benefits to their members regardless of the members' age
or state of health. Schemes that have a large number of younger and healthier
members will have to pay into the REF, while schemes with many older and sicker
members will receive payments from the fund.

Medical schemes will be required to set a single contribution rate across all
their options for treatment in terms of the PMBs.

Harrison says there is concern that some doctors and other service providers are
over-charging for the treatment they provide in terms of the current PMBs
because they know that medical schemes have to foot the bill for the PMBs. He
says action is being considered to limit what doctors may charge for treatment
in terms of the PMBs.

The Council for Medical Schemes would like other benefits that are common to all
members who belong to a scheme, such as hospitalisation, to be offered to all
members at the same price.

Currently, the benefits covering hospitalisation on a comprehensive option,
which may have more older, sicker members, may be more expensive than the same
benefit on a hospital plan, which generally has more younger, healthier members.

Harrison says the council would ideally like benefits that are common to all
members to be included in the REF so that members can benefit from the
cross-subsidisation of the cost of these benefits.

u A second tier of supplementary benefits, which will include discretionary
benefits that medical schemes can structure as one or more options.

Contribution structures will be designed to discourage medical schemes from
creating separate pools of high- and low-claiming members that will make benefit
options unaffordable for high-claiming members, Harrison says.

Need for more members

The proposals come against a background of:

u The government moving to fulfil the commitment in the Constitution for health
care to be a basic human right;

u The number of medical scheme beneficiaries remaining stubbornly at about seven
million lives for a number of years; and

u Medical scheme members selecting lower-cost, hospital plan-like options until
they need a higher and more costly level of health care. As a result, people who
require private health care are paying more for comprehensive benefit options.

Discovery Health chief executive Neville Koopowitz estimates that two million
people who can afford to join a medical scheme are staying out of the private
sector system, effectively self-insuring for their healthcare expenses. The
consequences are:

u The risk pool is reduced, with mainly high-claiming people joining medical
schemes.

In other words, low-claiming people stay out of the system until they believe
they will benefit from joining a scheme. This has the effect of pushing up the
contributions of higher-claiming members to the extent that medical scheme
membership becomes unaffordable.

Koopowitz says the situation is exacerbated by members choosing hospital cover
options until they require more extensive health care. He says this is a form of
"anti-selection" that also pushes up the cost of comprehensive options.

Harrison says other measures that should be considered to make health care
affordable include:

u The creation of a legal framework for centralised bargaining between
healthcare service provi-ders and medical schemes to set tariffs at which
schemes pay providers.

Harrison says a mechanism is being considered to reintroduce a list of tariffs
that schemes have negotiated with healthcare providers in a way that will
overcome concerns about such tariffs being anti-competitive.

The Competition Commission banned centralised bargaining between medical schemes
and healthcare providers in 2003.

In the absence of collective bargaining, the Council for Medical Schemes
published the National Health Reference Price List (NHRPL) of guideline tariffs.
Last year, the Department of Health took over the publication of the NHRPL, but
was challenged and publication of the list has been delayed.

In the interim, members often face paying in the difference between what
providers charge and what schemes will reimburse.

u The possible regulation of costs, including those for treatment in hospitals
where medical inflation is higher than in any other sector of the private
healthcare system.

u Reducing the oligopolistic stranglehold that the three main hospital groups
have on private health care. The three groups controlled 50 percent of "acute
beds" in 1996 but now control 83 percent.

u Centralising the licensing of hospitals, with a licence being conditional on
fair pricing and scrapping unacceptable practices, such as the rebate system
that allows hospitals to camouflage overcharging for items used when treating
patients.

u Increased cross-subsidisation between high- and low-income earners so that
more people can afford to join medical schemes.

Many of these plans are, however, still being discussed and are some way from
being implemented. The REF, for example, is expected to start operating only in
2010.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                          September 13, 2007, Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Buyouts may be new boom area for more pension funds;
PENSIONS

BYLINE: Nicky Burridge Special Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1269 words


Company pension funds are in the news again after it was reported that Rank
Group was considering putting its scheme up for sale. With assets worth pounds
700 million, the Mecca Bingo chain owner's pension scheme is valued more highly
than the company itself, which has a market capitalisation of pounds 655
million.

While a major company has yet to sell its pension scheme, Rank is not thought to
be alone in exploring the possibility of a buyout, under which the sponsoring
company clears any outstanding deficit and pays an insurer or third party to
take the scheme off its hands.

In fact a number of specialist buyout companies have sprung up during the past
18 months, seeking a share of a market previously dominated by Prudential and
Legal & General. Synesis Life, Paternoster and Pension Insurance Corporation all
launched last year. Aviva's UK arm Norwich Union also announced its intention to
bid for pension buy-out deals.

Talk of pension buyouts would have been unthinkable a few years ago, when
company pension schemes were labouring under massive deficits.

Even at the beginning of last year the funding shortfall collectively faced by
schemes stood at pounds 80 billion.

But record cash injections from sponsoring companies, combined with
restructuring at many schemes to reduce liabilities and a strongly performing
stock market helped wipe out the deficits.

The pensions safety net, the Pension Protection Fund, said at the end of June
that the UK's defined benefit schemes, or so-called final salary pensions,
collectively had a surplus of pounds 99 billion based on their PPF liabilities,
compared with a shortfall of nearly pounds 8 billion in July last year.

At the same time consulting actuaries Lane Clark & Peacock reported that the
defined benefit schemes of FTSE 100 companies collectively had pounds 12 billion
above what was needed to meet their liabilities in mid July.

It said this was a record improvement from the pounds 36 billion deficit they
faced at the same point last year and was the first time since 2002 that its
survey had shown schemes to be collectively in the black.

However, the good news was short-lived with stock market falls wiping billions
of pounds off the funds' value before Lane Clark & Peacock had even been able to
publish its study, putting schemes pounds 6 billion into the red.

The situation worsened as the US sub-prime mortgage default crisis deepened and
by the middle of last month, the UK's biggest 200 defined benefit schemes faced
a pounds 21 billion deficit again.

But despite funds crashing back into the red, most analysts remained upbeat
about their prospects.

Marcus Hurd, senior consultant and actuary at Aon Consulting, said the shortfall
was still well down on the pounds 40 billion deficit pension schemes faced in
January this year and the pounds 80 billion black hole they had at the beginning
of 2006.

Equity markets are also only one side of the coin that determines pension scheme
funding and of equal importance are bond yields, which are used to calculate
schemes' liabilities.

Mr Hurd said that yields increased from 5.1 per cent in January to 5.7 per cent
last month, adding that if yields had remained at the January levels, pension
funds would be facing a pounds 50 billion deficit.

The pensions landscape is now very different to when scheme deficits first began
hitting the headlines in the early 2000s. The issue of funding shortfalls came
to the fore with the introduction of a new accounting standard FRS17. Under this
companies were no longer able to smooth out stock market volatility and instead
had to include a snapshot of their scheme's funding position on a given day on
their balance sheet.

At the same time stock markets began falling as the dotcom bubble burst and they
were further depressed following the September 11 terrorist attacks, while life
expectancy also began increasing faster than had previously been predicted.

This combination of events forced firms to take a long, hard look at their
company pension schemes and kicked off a round of closures to new members.

Today 81 per cent of defined benefit schemes are closed to new members, up from
68 per cent two years ago.

At the same time contribution levels from both companies and individuals have
been ratcheted up. A report from the Association of Consulting Actuaries found
that during the past five years the average employer contribution to schemes has
nearly doubled, rising from 11.5 per cent of staff pay to 22.6 per cent, while
the amount members themselves have to pay into the schemes has risen by 40 per
cent to 6.1 per cent of their salary.

Meanwhile, two-thirds of companies have made special additional contributions
into their schemes in a bid to close funding shortfalls.

Many companies endured battles with unions to restructure their schemes,
typically raising their retirement age and reducing the accrual rate.

Other firms changed schemes from being those based on final salary, where the
company bore all the risk, into hybrid schemes where the risk was shared between
the company and the worker. There was also a shift into schemes that based
payouts on people's average earnings rather than their final wage.

Around 14 per cent of final salary schemes were even closed altogether, with
existing members barred from making any future accruals.

The action helped put company pension schemes on to a stronger footing and left
them better able to weather future storms, but they are by no means out of the
woods yet.

Lane Clark & Peacock has warned that, irrespective of stock market moves, the
funding position of most pension schemes is under threat from an equally
pressing problem - increasing life expectancy.

The group said many companies had updated the mortality assumptions of their
schemes during the past two years, reflecting growing evidence that life
expectancy is continuing to rise rapidly.

But it said even the updated figures, which tended to increase the amount of
time scheme members were expected to live for by around 1.5 years, may not be
enough as predictions for life expectancy continued to increase.

Each additional year of life expectancy adds around pounds 12 billion to pension
scheme liabilities, meaning continued rises could potentially have a big impact
on the overall funding position of FTSE 100 schemes.

Many companies had been looking to cash-in on the strong stock market returns
seen until the recent financial turbulence in a bid to hold on to gains made,
which would at least give them a fighting chance to offset funding issues such
as longer life expectancy.

Having reduced or in many cases wiped out their deficits, companies were hoping
to shift pension assets out of volatile equities into more stable bonds. But the
recent market turmoil caught many off guard and trustees have been reluctant to
sell at the bottom of the market and crystallise losses, leaving schemes, for
the time being at least, at the mercy of rising and falling stock markets.

No one knows how long the current financial turmoil will last for, or when it
will bottom-out and a prolonged downturn in equity markets will further
highlight the risks of the schemes to their sponsoring companies.

Ken Willis, investment partner at Lane Clark & Peacock, said: "Pension schemes
are long-term investments but it does highlight the risks that exist.

"Despite the fact that it is a long-term investment if you have particular plans
or accounting deadlines it could become quite an important issue."

Talk of pension buyouts would have been unthinkable a few years ago, but record
cash injections, combined with restructuring, helped wipe out the deficits

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A pensions action group hold a 'strip off' outside Downing Street after
Tony Blair resisted pressure to back a 'lifeboat fund' to help thousands of
people who lost out when pension schemes collapsed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          February 23, 2002, Saturday

End to life of luxury for army of golden oldies

BYLINE: James Moore and Caroline Merrell

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 1970 words


James Moore and Caroline Merrell explain why a controversial accounting rule,
FRS17, is forcing employers to opt out of offering final salary plans

SOME of Britain's biggest employers will be forced to disclose huge holes in the
financing of their employees' pension schemes over the next few months.

A controversial accounting standard means companies have no choice but to
disclose the parlous state into which their pension arrangements have fallen.
Some are expected to abandon the promise of guaranteed pension benefits,
creating an uncertain future for thousands of employees.

Providing workers with great pensions has been easy for UK corporations for the
past 20 years. Staff could be attracted with schemes paying out up to two thirds
of final salary on retirement. Booming stock markets and high dividends ensured
that attractive pension arrangements were cheap to provide.

The bull run of the 1990s saw the value of shares rising at such a rate that
many companies suspended contributions to pension schemes because their assets
were worth more than enough to pay pensions. Up until two years ago, most
corporate pension schemes had a healthy surplus.

But that has all changed. The decline in equity markets over the past year has
left many companies without enough money in their schemes to guarantee pensions
for retiring employees. Companies have gradually been withdrawing from providing
guaranteed pensions benefits. This trend looks set to become a tide under a
controversial new accounting rule for pension schemes. The rule, FRS17, mean
companies will have to give details of pension deficits in their accounts. This
will have a direct impact on the profits they declare and, accountants have
warned, could significantly constrain their ability to pay dividends. The
companies most likely to be affected are those that have a large number of
people in their schemes, but a dwindling capital base. Companies falling into
this category include Marconi, many privatised utilities and engineering
companies.

The CBI has been leading a chorus of protests over the new standard, cautioning
that it will lead to companies closing down their final salary pension schemes
to new members.

But critics, including the TUC, suggest this is nothing more than a convenient
excuse to cover up mismanagement of the schemes. They argue that businesses have
ignored warning signs which have for several years been suggesting a need for a
fundamental reappraisal of UK company pension provision.

Employees are now paying the price as companies have closed final salary schemes
, replacing them with much more risky stock market-linked money purchase
arrangements, where returns are not guaranteed. These typically see companies
matching employees' contributions into a pension fund. The pension the employees
receive is based on how well these funds perform and are not linked to final
salary.

Effectively, all the risk is transferred on to the employee's shoulders.
Estimates vary over how much these risky schemes will pay out, ranging from just
25 per cent to 40 per cent of final salary.

FRS17 was born when Sir David Tweedie, the former head of the UK Accounting
Standards Board, was given the task of reforming corporate accounting 11 years
ago, after a series of Enron-style accounting scandals rocked the stock market.
His concern was the treatment of acquisitions by companies. Accounting rules
were such that an acquiring company could highlight the benefits of the
acquisition but disguise problems in the company being bought.

Sir David was also unhappy over the various ways companies assessed the value of
the pensions, different company actuaries had differing ways of assessing fund
values and its eventual liabilities. The new accounting standard would give an
up-to-date picture of the value of the scheme and whether it was on target to
meet its liabilities.

Because most company pension schemes are heavily invested in volatile equities,
a shortfall in one year can turn into a surplus the next year, but FRS17 allows
for no smoothing over the years.

Mark Thomas, senior policy adviser at the CBI, says: "This volatility is
unnecessary. The consequences of FRS17 show that it has not been properly
thought through. We will be presenting proposals to the Accounting Standards
Board for changes will allow for more smoothing."

Chris Lewin, head of UK pensions at Unilever, agrees: "FRS17 is technically
flawed. It does not take full effect until 2003, but in 2005 British companies
will move to international accounting standards which could make the whole thing
unneccassary."

But others say that while the arguments over the way FRS17 works are all very
well, what it has done is to throw an existing problem and growing problem into
stark relief.

Raj Mody, senior actuary with Bacon & Woodrow, the actuarial consultancy, says a
number of factors have combined to make pensions extremely expensive for
companies to provide. He points out that advances in medical science now mean
that employees can look forward to up 30 years or more of retirement.

Government regulations requiring final salary pension schemes to index-link
payments have added to costs. Gordon Brown also did his bit with the abolition
of the dividend tax credits for pension schemes, which has taken an estimated
Pounds 6 billion a year out of pension schemes' pockets.

It was called his "smash and grab raid" on Britain's pensioners and is arguably
the "stealth tax" with the most far reaching and negative effect. At the same
time, regulation costs have spiralled in the wake of the Maxwell pension
scandal.

BT yesterday said that its current pension shortfall is about Pounds 1.6
billion, although under FRS17 it would have to show a Pounds 4 billion deficit.
It is paying Pounds 200 million a year to make good the shortfall. This month
ICI, the troubled chemicals group, admitted to a Pounds 453 million deficit
under FRS17.

More companies, including AstraZeneca, are expected to declare deficits as they
release full-year results over the coming months. Boots switched its entire
Pounds 2 billion pension portfolio over to fixed-income securities to ensure it
can meet its liabilities and AstraZeneca is in the process of shifting a further
Pounds 200 million worth of pension scheme investments into bonds.

Mr Mody says companies are left with stark choices: "They can contribute more
money to their pension schemes and force their members to contribute more. They
could start thinking about deferring paying benefits on pensions schemes or they
could simply cut benefits."

To the outrage of the TUC, most companies have opted for the latter. They have
done this by closing final salary schemes to new members and forcing them into
money purchase pension schemes instead. Some 46,000 companies abandoned final
salary pension schemes last year.

Companies such as BAT and Diageo have both said they remain "committed" to
providing final salary pension schemes, as the TUC is demanding.

But others are less sure. Vodafone, whose pension scheme is fully funded, is
keeping the situation under review. Prudential declined to comment on whether it
was looking at changing its pension arrangements.

A spokeswoman, however, said: "Changes to the tax treatment of dividends, lower
equity returns and increased longevity, are leading trustees to consider
alternatives to defined benefit schemes. In addition, over the next two years,
FRS17 will increase the transparency of reporting in company accounting.

Mr Mody says that regardless of the furore over FRS17, people are going to have
to face up to some unpalatable facts. "It used to be that you could retire in
your fifties. In fact companies often made it worth your while to do so by
offering better terms than if you retired at say 65. That sort of practice is
just no longer sustainable. The days when people could retire in their fifites
are now over. People and their employees are just going to have to face up to
the fact that providing a pension is getting very much more expensive. They will
just have to save more."

The death of the final salary pension scheme has been predicted for years. All
FRS 17 is doing is acting as a catalyst.

Money, page 1

The basic information

What is FRS17?

This new accounting standard obliges companies to declare how well funded their
pension schemes are on their balance sheets for the first time. A funding
shortfall could force a cut in dividend payments to shareholders.

Why are pension schemes showing shortfalls?

Most pension schemes invest heavily in the stock market but share prices have
fallen sharply over the past two years. As a result, many companies do not have
enough cash in their pension schemes to meet their obligations to scheme
members. BT is an example.

What are defined benefit pensions?

These are the best company pension schemes available. They will pay a guaranteed
percentage of an employee's final salary on retirement, usually about 66 per
cent. Many schemes do not even require employees to contribute during their
working lives.

What is a defined contribution scheme?

An employee pays money into a fund and its performance is based on how the fund
is invested. On retirement it is typically converted into an annuity, which pays
a percentage of how much it is worth. Estimates put the value of this
arrangement at about 25 per cent to 40 per cent of final salary.

Why are companies switching to this arrangement?

Defined benefit schemes require companies to bear all the risks and to make good
any shortfall. Because FRS17 obliges companies to declare shortfalls, companies
with schemes that are underfunded could see their profits wiped out. Defined
contribution schemes transfer all the risks to the employee.

Going fishing? The top 20 companies and what they offer

Company Scheme Type(s) Scheme members Comment

1 BP Final salary 67,000 No plans to change arrangements

2 GlaxoSmithKline Final salary and defined contribution 68,000 Final salary
scheme closed to new members but no shortfall

3 Vodafone Final salary 13,000 Keeping scheme under review

4 HSBC Final salary and defined contribution 128,000 New staff into defined
contribution

5 AstraZeneca Final salary and defined contribution 26,000 Final salary scheme
closed to new members. Scheme in deficit, increasing bond investment

6 Royal Bank of Scotland Final salary 40,000

7 Shell Final salary 46,000 No plans to change arrangements Scheme fully funded

8 Lloyd's TSB Final salary and defined contribution 184,000 Final salary closed

9 Barclays Final salary and defined contribution 160,000 Final salary scheme
closed to new members Fund in surplus

10 HBOS Final salary and defined contribution 64,000 Final salary scheme closed
to new members

11 Diageo Final salary 72,000 No plans to change arrangements Scheme fully
funded

12 BT Final salary and defined contribution 301,000 Final salary scheme in
deficit Closed to new members.

13 CGNU Final salary and defined contribution 74,000 New staff into defined
contribution

14 Tesco Final salary and defined contribution 222,000 Final salary closed to
new members on April 1, 2001 Scheme in deficit at last valuation Contributions
increased

15 Anglo American Final salary No further data available

16 Unilever Final salary 90,000 Open to new members. No shortfall but valuation
being reviewed

17 Rio Tinto Final salary 15,000

18 Abbey National Final salary and defined contribution 27,000 Final salary
scheme closed to new members

19 BAT Final salary 14,800 Committed to providing final salary pension schemes

20 Prudential Final salary 50,000 Declines to comment on whether arrangement
will be changed


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                              491 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           January 6, 1999, Wednesday

Midweek money: Unite and rule: the brave new ombudsman's world; It sounds great
- an all-embracing ombudsman scheme instead of the eight existing ones. But will
consumers lose out?

BYLINE: By John Andrew

SECTION: FEATURES; Page 12

LENGTH: 732 words


IN THE past few weeks I have looked at the main financial ombudsman schemes,
where aggrieved consumers can take their complaints if they fail to reach
satisfaction with providers of financial services.

Unsurprisingly, consumers do not always know to whom they should address their
complaints - last year 10 per cent of complaints received by the Banking
Ombudsman should have been directed elsewhere.

However this confusion will soon end. Next year, an all-embracing service will
be born, spawned by the Financial Services Authority (FSA), the regulatory
regime launched last October which will eventually regulate all providers of
financial services in the UK and replace the current regulators.

A single Financial Services Ombudsman scheme is to replace the eight schemes
covering the financial sector. They are: the Banking, Building Society,
Insurance, Investment and Personal Investment Authority Ombudsman schemes, the
Personal Insurance Arbitration Service, the SFA Complaints Bureau and
Arbitration Services and the FSA Independent Investigator.

The establishment of the single ombudsman scheme is set out in the draft
Financial Services and Markets Bill. Operating as a company, it will be
established by the FSA but will work independently.

The FSA will be integrating the existing schemes as opposed to starting from
scratch - the existing schemes have built up considerable expertise and it would
be foolhardy to dispense with their knowledge.

The FSA has been working with the ombudsman steering group, which has Laurie
Slade as an independent chairman. The group's members are the five existing
ombudsmen and the FSA head of consumer complaints policy.

The arrangements for unifying the existing ombudsman schemes have involved:

l examining the scope of bringing all the schemes together under one roof;

l considering the practicalities of integration before the legislation is in
place;

l ensuring that the scheme will retain the benefits of flexibility and
informality;

l working on its detailed design, particularly its organisational structure and
case-handling procedures.

When the limited company that will run the scheme is formed, the Ombudsman
Scheme's board (OSB) will be appointed - its key role being to decide the
structure of the new scheme.

Priorities for the OSB will be to appoint the Chief Ombudsman and the Panel of
Ombudsmen - tasks that should be completed by March. High on its agenda will
also be the merger of the existing schemes, the completion of which will create
a single point of entry for complaints.

The new scheme is expected to have between 250 and 400 staff and a budget of
between pounds 15m and pounds 20m.

However, while it may all sound ideal in theory, the creation of a single
Ombudsman Scheme has its critics.

One leading campaigner for consumer rights, who was in the running for
membership of the OSB but declared himself unavailable, suggested that an
immobile monster was being created. And the most recent annual reports of the
existing schemes have also expressed concerns. For example, the council of the
Building Society Ombudsman Scheme stated: "An ombudsman scheme should bear no
resemblance to the process of going to law, which is a very expensive way to
resolve disputes and one that consumers find daunting.

"An ombudsman offers a mechanism that is independent, fair, informal, flexible
and speedy. We have concerns that the single ombudsman may not produce these
benefits."

As the new scheme is to be compulsory for regulated firms and is to issue
binding decisions, it will be a requirement under the European Convention on
Human Rights to make provisions for oral hearings. Apart from the attendant cost
of these changes, some observers feel that the informality and flexibility of
the current schemes will be lost.

It will also be interesting to see whether the public and providers of financial
services will regard an adjudication scheme run under the auspices of the
regulator as truly independent.

Should it not be viewed as completely separate from the FSA, there is the danger
that the scheme will be perceived by consumers as another piece of regulatory
bureaucracy. Hopefully the OSB will ensure that the scheme is an improvement on
the existing arrangements and is absolutely independent.  Only time will tell.


LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              492 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                January 29, 1993

YOUR MONEY;
 Retirement law leaves much to the beneficiary

BYLINE: By GARETH HEWETT

SECTION: Business; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 695 words


THE passage through the approval process of Hongkong's first piece of
legislation on retirement schemes, for enactment this summer, went by with
something of a whimper after being at least six years in the making.

For an individual beneficiary the enactment of the legislation will have a
number of pluses, but it is up to individuals to ensure their own circumstances
are properly looked after.

Most employees do not know the first thing about their own schemes, a situation
which should be remedied immediately by asking for a copy of the scheme details
from their employer's personnel office.

The legislation will demand minimum standards for operation of the schemes with
professional certification to ensure standards are kept.

This legislation is separate from the proposals that will demand that all
corporate entities in Hongkong establish a scheme.

The current legislation covers only existing schemes.

Neither piece of legislation produces a pension, as understood in the West -
which is an arrangement by which certain types and levels of contributions and
benefits enjoy tax relief from government authorities.

In Hongkong, while there is a facility for obtaining Inland Revenue approval,
tax arrangements are nothing like those associated with pensions in the West.

Furthermore, pension schemes in the West generally pay out an income alongside a
lump sum, to last the recipient until death.

In Hongkong, retirement schemes tend to pay a lump sum, leaving the beneficiary
to make his or her own arrangements.

There are two types of retirement scheme in Hongkong, the most common being the
defined-contribution system involving set contributions by the beneficiary and
the employer.

Defined-benefit schemes, which are less common, set out to pay the employee a
pre-determined level of benefits at the time of retirement - calculated on the
number of years of service and final salary.

Lump-sum payments from either scheme, with Inland Revenue approval, are tax-free
in Hongkong.

Any income paid by a retirement scheme is automatically liable to tax. To
mitigate this tax liability on income from a retirement or any other
income-paying investment, the beneficiary should ensure that the scheme is
offshore.

This type of tax mitigation is not straightforward, and professional advice is
needed before making any firm commitments.

Issues surrounding the question of scheme trusteeship and domicile also centre
on whether or not a scheme is onshore or offshore.

According to most actuarial consultancy surveys, most schemes in Hongkong are
onshore and rely on an alternate trustee to operate the scheme if the onshore
trustee is incapacitated.

As 1997 approaches, the question of whether a scheme should be onshore or
offshore has grown in prominence.

Most professionals in trusteeship recommend that schemes be established offshore
because in a time of emergency, the clauses of an onshore scheme allowing the
appointment of an alternate trustee have never been fully tested.

Given the uncertainty surrounding these flee clauses, onshore schemes should be
avoided in favour of an offshore arrangement, protecting the scheme's offshore
assets and some of the benefit due employees.

Under the legislation coming in this summer, individuals will be entitled to a
minimum amount of information on their schemes. Where there are more than 20
people employed by the company, this entitlement can be exercised through the
creation of an employee consultative committee.

Actuaries William Mercer say in a bulletin to clients: "The purpose of this
committee is largely to receive information on the operation of the scheme,
including the accounts, actuarial certificates, details of scheme provisions,
copies of documents and details of any restricted investments."

Where the company has no committee, this type of information will have to be
made available to individual employees.

With all of this in mind, it would seem sensible to check that the actual
benefits expected from investment arrangements and retirement schemes are fully
protected should things not go according to plan in the future.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              493 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                      March 16, 2017 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

I-T - No benefit of TDS can be availed to adjust 'tax payable under Voluntary
Disclosure of Income Scheme'

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 1484  words


MUMBAI, MAR 16, 2017: THE ISSUE IS -Whether benefit of TDS under Income tax Act
can be availed for adjusting the tax payable under Voluntary Disclosure of
Income Scheme.NO is the verdict.


Facts of the case:

Theassessee though being incorporated in the year 1991, had not filed its return
u/s 139 of the 1961 Act since its incorporation, despite having income by way of
rent and interest chargeable to tax under the 1961 Act, during the A.Ys 1995-96,
1996-97 and 1997-98. Therefore, on promulgation of the Scheme of 1997 Act, the
assessee made a declaration of its undisclosed income in the prescribed in terms
of Sections 64 and 65 of the above Scheme by disclosing an income of
Rs.5,00,63,885/- and the Income tax payable on it under the Scheme was
aggregated to Rs.1,75,22,360/- at the rate of 35%. The assessee had also stated
in its above declaration that no amount of income tax has been paid on or before
the filing of declaration i.e. 31st December, 1997.The Petitioner had opted to
pay the tax within three months of the filing of the declaration along with
interest. Just before the last date of making the payment of tax along with
interest under the Scheme of 1997 Act, the Petitioner addressed a letter to the
Commissioner of Income Tax, inter alia, pointing out that it had filed a
declaration under the Scheme of 1997 Act disclosing income on account of rent
and interest. It was further pointed out that the aforesaid rent/ interest
received by it had already suffered tax under the Act, 1961 as an amount was the
tax deducted at source (on its behalf) by the payer.

In the above view, the Petitioner contended that the tax deducted at source
being also a payment of tax, should be given credit so as to determine the tax
payable on the declared undisclosed income under the Scheme of 1997 Act.
Commissioner of Income Tax rejected the Petitioner's request on the basis of
Circular No. 755 dated 25th July, 1997 issued by the CBDT.This resulted in the
Petitioner paying on 31st March, 1998 the entire amount of tax along with
interest.

On appeal, the HC held that,

++ a person seeking to avail the benefit of the Scheme of 1997 Act must strictly
satisfy its provisions as held by the Supreme Court in  HemalathaGargya v/s. CIT
= 2002-TIOL-548-SC-IT. The Scheme is a part of the Finance Act, 1997 and it is
self contained. The Scheme of 1997 Act is a different and distinct statute from
the 1961 Act. The subject matter of tax and rate of tax are different under the
Scheme of 1997 Act and under the 1961 Act. Therefore, even though the tax which
is payable under the Scheme of 1997 Act, is a tax on Income, it is not a charge
to tax under Section 4 of the 1961 Act, but an Income tax charged to tax under
Section 64 of the Scheme of 1997 Act. The subject matter and rate of tax in the
case of Scheme of 1997 Act is different from that of the 1961 Act. The subject
matter of tax in case of the above Scheme as evident from the charge of tax
therein is on voluntarily disclosed income, which, though chargeable to tax
under the 1961 Act, had not been disclosed earlier thereunder. The charge under
the 1961 Act is on the total income of the previous year and the scope of the
total income is income received/ deemed to be received/ accrued/ arisen during
the previous year. As against the above, the charge under the Scheme of 1997 Act
is the undisclosed income under the 1961 Act which is voluntarily disclosed.
There is no obligation under the Scheme of 1997 Act that every person who has
not disclosed his income under the 1961 Act is required to disclose and pay
taxes. It is optional. This unlike the 1961 Act, which obliges every person by
whom tax is payable to disclose and pay the tax payable on its income at the
peril of penalty and prosecution, if income is not disclosed and taxes thereon
not paid. Similarly, the rate of tax is also different under the 1961 Act from
that under the Scheme of 197 Act. In fact, it is one flat rate and not at a
progressive rate as under the 1961 Act. Therefore, as the tax payable under the
Scheme is different and distinct from the tax payable under the 1961 Act, the
benefit of tax paid on the undisclosed income as and by way of tax deduction at
source under the 1961 Act, cannot be availed under the Scheme;

++ the charge of tax is different in the 1961 Act from the charge of tax on the
Voluntary Disclosure of Income and Wealth Tax Act, 1976, even if the tax in both
the cases is on Income. Consequently, tax paid under the Voluntary Disclosure of
Income and Wealth Tax Act, 1976 is not a tax paid under 1961 Act. Therefore, the
benefit of TDS under the 1961 Act cannot be availed to adjust the tax payable
under the Voluntary Disclosure of Income and Wealth Tax, 1976. A tax payable
under the Scheme of 1997 is not a tax under the Act,1961. The tax payable under
the Scheme of 1997 Act is indeed a 'different animal' from the tax payable under
the 1961 Act. Therefore, the tax deducted at source and/or any other mode of
payment of tax under the 1961 Act cannot be used to discharge the obligation to
pay tax under the Scheme of 1997 Act on the disclosure of undisclosed income.
Thus, it is not permissible to adjust the tax deducted at source under the 1961
Act to discharge an obligation to pay tax under the Scheme of 1997 Act. In
accordance with the declaration filed by the petitioner, the balance tax payable
under the Scheme as on 31st December, 1997 was Rs.1,75,22,360/-. This on income
voluntarily declared at Rs.5,00,63,885/- The basis of the petitioner availing
the benefit of the Scheme is its above declaration dated 31st December, 1997 in
terms of Sections 64 and 65 of the Scheme of 1997 Act. In fact, Section 65(3) of
the above Scheme prohibits a person who has made one declaration from making any
other declaration in respect of the same income. In fact, any further
declaration, if made by the person on the same income would be deemed to be
void. In this case, the petitioner has itself on 31st December, 1997 in its
declaration stated that the balance amount of tax payable is Rs.1,75,22,360/- on
the voluntarily disclosed income of Rs.5,00,63,885/-. At the time of filing of
the declaration, the petitioner did not claim any credit for the tax deducted at
source under the 1961 Act in respect of the tax payable on voluntarily disclosed
income under the Scheme as is now being made;

++ in its application dated 16th March, 1998, addressed to the Commissioner of
Income Tax, the petitioner had for the first time claimed that it is entitled to
credit of tax deducted at source of Rs.1,59,74,149/- paid under the 1961 Act to
determine the tax payable under the Scheme of 1997 Act. Any declaration filed
after 31st December, 1997 cannot be entertained under the Scheme of 1997 Act as
provided under Section 64 thereof. The facility of payment of tax during the
extended time does not entitle a person to file a fresh declaration or modify a
declaration which is filed on or before 31st December, 1997. In fact, filing of
another declaration by a declarant is prohibited u/s 65(3) of the Scheme. This
would be void as filing of another declaration under the above Scheme, is
prohibited. The Petitioner is seeking to modify / amend its declaration
resulting in a different amount of tax payable from that declared on or before
31st December, 1997. Therefore, it does not strictly satisfy the term of the
Scheme of 1997 Act. Thepayment of the tax under the Scheme of 1997 Act was in
terms of the declaration made by the petitioner on 31st December, 1997. In its
declaration, no claim for the Tax Deducted at Source under the 1961 Act being
treated as tax paid under the Scheme was made by the petitioner. The letter
dated 31st March, 1998 has been filed by the petitioner with the Commissioner of
Income Tax, not along with the proof of payment of tax under the Scheme but
separately and only after the proof of payment had been submitted to the
Revenue. Further, the communication does not in terms states that the petitioner
reserves its rights to claim refund nor does it state that the right to refund
is subject to the result of the petition. The payment could not have been made
under protest as the payment had already been made prior to addressing the above
letter dated 31st March, 1998. The Petitioners' who seek an equitable relief in
Writ, should have been more forthright in its communication to the Revenue. This
conduct on the part of the Petitioner is an attempt on the part of the
Petitioner to secure the benefit of the Scheme i.e. Protection (insulation) from
prosecution and penalty under the 1961 Act, and at the same time challenge the
payment made under the Scheme of 1997 Act. The payment of tax under the Scheme
of 1997 Act is not payment of tax under the 1961 Act. Thus, adjustment as sought
of the tax paid as TDS under the 1961 Act to reduce the tax payable under the
Scheme of 1997 Act is not permissible.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2017 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

4,000 people found drawing pension from multiple schemes

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Dehradun


Dehradun, April 9 -- The Social welfare department officers of the State were
stunned, finding around 4,000 persons from across the State drawing pensions
under more than two pension schemes. This startling revelation came up while the
officials reviewed the pension schemes, said Uttarakhand additional secretary
(social welfare) Manoj Chandran on Friday. The social welfare department would
recover around Rs3.97 crore from 3973 such persons, he added. He further said
that as per the government rule, a person can draw pension under a single
pension scheme.

Complaints were received from some districts that ineligible persons were
drawing amounts under various pension schemes or under the same scheme using two
names. Initial reviews revealed that some of these persons had enrolled
themselves in the list of the pension beneficiaries from two or more districts.

Notably, social welfare department conducts camps at district levels where those
who fulfill the criteria of eligibility are given pension cards under various
pension schemes launched by the State Government

Chandran said that the social welfare officers had earlier been directed around
a month ago to review the list of pensioners and draft a list of bank account
numbers into which the pension amounts are released. "This was when the fact of
persons drawing amounts under two or more pension schemes either under one name
or two different names came to the notice of the officials," he said.

Reports submitted by the officers revealed that 1357 persons are receiving two
pensions under the same old age pension scheme. They had enrolled two names in
the department under the same. Likewise, 454 women are receiving two pensions
from widow pension scheme. Similarly, 499 persons are receiving two pensions
from the scheme meant for the physically handicapped. Moreover, 662 persons are
receiving pension from two of the three schemes- old age pension scheme, widow
pension scheme and that of the handicapped. There are also women who draw
pensions from both old age pension scheme and widow pension scheme.

Notably, in Dehradun district, around 12, 500 persons are benefiting from the
scheme meant for the physically handicapped while around 17,000 women are
drawing amounts, availing the widow pension scheme. Besides, while around 800
farmers are getting pension around 53, 000 persons are benefiting from the old
age pension scheme.

Critics opined that nexus of local political leaders and department officers is
responsible for the persons making two cards of two different pension schemes.
Moreover, local political leaders pressurise the officers to release pension
scheme cards without verifying things thoroughly. "This is what is depriving a
large number of intended beneficiaries of the benefits of the pension schemes,"
one of them said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

Counter Point Sebi's Next Frontier: MF Consolidation

BYLINE: NARENDRA NATHAN

SECTION: MONEY MATTERS

LENGTH: 509 words


Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has 'restarted' its push for
consolidation of mutual fund schemes. Instead of coming out with detailed
regulations, Sebi is trying to achieve this objective indirectly by putting
pressure on asset management companies (AMCs).For example, the regulator is
pressurising AMCs to consolidate existing schemes before applying for New Fund
Offers (NFOs). Similarly , Sebi is also clearing new mergers and acquisition
(M&A) activities among mutual funds only after the merger of similar schemes.

We agree that Indian mutual funds now offer too many schemes and this is
creating confusion among investors. The problem becomes acute when AMCs have
several schemes within same category . This has to stop and AMCs should ensure
that they have only one scheme per category .

Though this 'one scheme per category' sounds ideal, problem comes when one get
into details and starts defining a 'category'.For example, AMCs that already
have mid cap and small cap equity funds may want to come out with 'mid and small
cap fund', claiming that 'it is another category'. Currently , rating agencies
classify schemes into categories and they do it mostly based on the historical
investment pattern of the schemes. The problem in this structure is that several
thematic equity schemes such as dividend yield funds and international funds get
clubbed as large cap or mid cap or flexi cap funds.

Sebi officials also are aware about these problems and have started thinking
about restricting the number of schemes at the AMC-level itself. For example,
Sebi may put an overall cap of 10 schemes for equities and 10 schemes for debt
and then leave it to AMCs. This will be a good move, if implemented. The only
caveat -close-ended schemes should also come under this overall cap. Else, AMCs
will circumvent this restriction by

coming out with large number of close-ended schemes.

In addition to making investors' life easier, scheme consolidation makes it
operationally easy for fund houses to manage their schemes. AMCs can also kill
underperforming schemes (i.e. many AMCs will be more than happy to kill 'infra'
funds that have become embarrassment for them) by merging them to their
outperformers.

Why are most AMCs still ignoring the repeated warnings from Sebi? The layered
expense slab structure (i.e. small-sized scheme can charge higher expense ratio)
is the main villain here. Say , if a mutual fund consolidates five small equity
schemes of Rs 300 crore AUM each into one, its total AMC fee will come down. So
the solution is simple: scrap this special favour and keep a flat expense rate
structure.

While pushing for consolidation of schemes, Sebi also needs to do its part by
amending regulations. For example, it is not possible to merge two tax-saving
schemes at present because Sebi regulations mandate AMCs to give a 'no load exit
window' and the same is not allowed as per Income Tax regulations (i.e. due to
threeyear lock-in periodin tax saving schemes). So, Sebi should offer some
special exemption for tax-savings funds.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Counter Point Sebi's Next Frontier: MF Consolidation

BYLINE: NARENDRA NATHAN

SECTION: MONEY MATTERS

LENGTH: 509 words


Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has 'restarted' its push for
consolidation of mutual fund schemes. Instead of coming out with detailed
regulations, Sebi is trying to achieve this objective indirectly by putting
pressure on asset management companies (AMCs).For example, the regulator is
pressurising AMCs to consolidate existing schemes before applying for New Fund
Offers (NFOs). Similarly , Sebi is also clearing new mergers and acquisition
(M&A) activities among mutual funds only after the merger of similar schemes.

We agree that Indian mutual funds now offer too many schemes and this is
creating confusion among investors. The problem becomes acute when AMCs have
several schemes within same category . This has to stop and AMCs should ensure
that they have only one scheme per category .

Though this 'one scheme per category' sounds ideal, problem comes when one get
into details and starts defining a 'category'.For example, AMCs that already
have mid cap and small cap equity funds may want to come out with 'mid and small
cap fund', claiming that 'it is another category'. Currently , rating agencies
classify schemes into categories and they do it mostly based on the historical
investment pattern of the schemes. The problem in this structure is that several
thematic equity schemes such as dividend yield funds and international funds get
clubbed as large cap or mid cap or flexi cap funds.

Sebi officials also are aware about these problems and have started thinking
about restricting the number of schemes at the AMC-level itself. For example,
Sebi may put an overall cap of 10 schemes for equities and 10 schemes for debt
and then leave it to AMCs. This will be a good move, if implemented. The only
caveat -close-ended schemes should also come under this overall cap. Else, AMCs
will circumvent this restriction by

coming out with large number of close-ended schemes.

In addition to making investors' life easier, scheme consolidation makes it
operationally easy for fund houses to manage their schemes. AMCs can also kill
underperforming schemes (i.e. many AMCs will be more than happy to kill 'infra'
funds that have become embarrassment for them) by merging them to their
outperformers.

Why are most AMCs still ignoring the repeated warnings from Sebi? The layered
expense slab structure (i.e. small-sized scheme can charge higher expense ratio)
is the main villain here. Say , if a mutual fund consolidates five small equity
schemes of Rs 300 crore AUM each into one, its total AMC fee will come down. So
the solution is simple: scrap this special favour and keep a flat expense rate
structure.

While pushing for consolidation of schemes, Sebi also needs to do its part by
amending regulations. For example, it is not possible to merge two tax-saving
schemes at present because Sebi regulations mandate AMCs to give a 'no load exit
window' and the same is not allowed as per Income Tax regulations (i.e. due to
threeyear lock-in periodin tax saving schemes). So, Sebi should offer some
special exemption for tax-savings funds.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

Counter Point Sebi's Next Frontier: MF Consolidation

BYLINE: NARENDRA NATHAN

SECTION: MONEY MATTERS

LENGTH: 509 words


Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has 'restarted' its push for
consolidation of mutual fund schemes. Instead of coming out with detailed
regulations, Sebi is trying to achieve this objective indirectly by putting
pressure on asset management companies (AMCs).For example, the regulator is
pressurising AMCs to consolidate existing schemes before applying for New Fund
Offers (NFOs). Similarly , Sebi is also clearing new mergers and acquisition
(M&A) activities among mutual funds only after the merger of similar schemes.

We agree that Indian mutual funds now offer too many schemes and this is
creating confusion among investors. The problem becomes acute when AMCs have
several schemes within same category . This has to stop and AMCs should ensure
that they have only one scheme per category .

Though this 'one scheme per category' sounds ideal, problem comes when one get
into details and starts defining a 'category'.For example, AMCs that already
have mid cap and small cap equity funds may want to come out with 'mid and small
cap fund', claiming that 'it is another category'. Currently , rating agencies
classify schemes into categories and they do it mostly based on the historical
investment pattern of the schemes. The problem in this structure is that several
thematic equity schemes such as dividend yield funds and international funds get
clubbed as large cap or mid cap or flexi cap funds.

Sebi officials also are aware about these problems and have started thinking
about restricting the number of schemes at the AMC-level itself. For example,
Sebi may put an overall cap of 10 schemes for equities and 10 schemes for debt
and then leave it to AMCs. This will be a good move, if implemented. The only
caveat -close-ended schemes should also come under this overall cap. Else, AMCs
will circumvent this restriction by

coming out with large number of close-ended schemes.

In addition to making investors' life easier, scheme consolidation makes it
operationally easy for fund houses to manage their schemes. AMCs can also kill
underperforming schemes (i.e. many AMCs will be more than happy to kill 'infra'
funds that have become embarrassment for them) by merging them to their
outperformers.

Why are most AMCs still ignoring the repeated warnings from Sebi? The layered
expense slab structure (i.e. small-sized scheme can charge higher expense ratio)
is the main villain here. Say , if a mutual fund consolidates five small equity
schemes of Rs 300 crore AUM each into one, its total AMC fee will come down. So
the solution is simple: scrap this special favour and keep a flat expense rate
structure.

While pushing for consolidation of schemes, Sebi also needs to do its part by
amending regulations. For example, it is not possible to merge two tax-saving
schemes at present because Sebi regulations mandate AMCs to give a 'no load exit
window' and the same is not allowed as per Income Tax regulations (i.e. due to
threeyear lock-in periodin tax saving schemes). So, Sebi should offer some
special exemption for tax-savings funds.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Facilitating the fund flow

BYLINE: Vijay Pandya

LENGTH: 1240  words


Leading developers share with Vijay Pandya how special financing schemes enable
home seekers to book earlier and reap multiple benefits

* Dhaval Ajmera

Director, Ajmera Realty

while offers definitely boost interest in purchase, factors like local
amenities, project location and brand name of the developer still continue to
remain relevant for buyers. However, among the most popular schemes introduced
by builders, 20:80, 10:80:10, 8:92 and 5:95 are mostly preferred by consumers.
The scheme like the 20:80 appeals to both investors and buyers not requiring
bank loans. Locations like Wadala, South Mumbai, which do not require bank
financing showcase interest with a goal of securing the property under this
scheme. They can also expect appreciation in prices by the time of possession.

Perfect mode for builders and buyers

On an overall view, 20:80 schemes pose dual implications. With home loan rates
at 10.15 to 11 per cent, loans to builders come at 16-17 per cent or even more,
if the builder is new. So, this is a perfect way for builders to get money at
extremely cheap rates. On the other hand, the scheme of paying only 20% at the
beginning also gives a buyer a breathing space to get the finance right at the
time of possession

The benefits of 20:80 scheme

Under this scheme, apartments in Wadala (Mumbai) are offered say @19,800 psf. A
2 BHK apartment measuring 1350 sq. ft. the cost will come to  2.67 crore for
which the buyer will have to pay 20%, which is equal to Rs 53 lakh. Within the
tenure of three years when the flat will be ready for possession by which time
the rate will be say Rs 26,000 psf approximately. The buyer now sells it for
3.51 crore thereby making a profit 84 lakh on initial investment of 53 lakh
additional. This works out to a whopping 158% profit in 3 years.

It facilitates people staying in rented houses to buy under construction
property by taking a home loan. They could move into their own houses once they
were ready and start paying the saving pre EMIs interest against the rent.

Developers can avail of ADF and draw down the entire (or substantial) portion of
the sanctioned loan up front instead of in installments linked to construction

Considering all this, it would be advisable to go for 20:80 scheme wherein the
property is being offered at close to the prevailing market price and the buyer
has to start paying EMIs only once he take the possession.

What to watch out for

It should be noted that it's the buyer who takes the loan and is ultimately
liable to repay the same. Further, although the developer promises to pay the
EMI till possession, if he defaults, the bank has right to recover the same from
the buyer even before possession and there are chances to get the possession on
time because builder is paying the pre EMI interest to the bank.

Right now we are offering a 5:5:5:85 Scheme in Ajmera i-Land, Wadala  (In which
customer has to pay 5% of the cost of flat at the time of booking, 5% after the
5 months from the date of booking and 5% after the 10 month from the date of
booking and  EMI 85% will start at the fit out and 20:80 Scheme in Ajmera
Pristine, Borivali (In which customer hast to pay 20% now and the balance at the
time of possession).

The types of buyer profiles opting for it can be divided in two: investor is
able to invest in a property at an early stage of its construction and benefit
from the appreciation in the value of the property as the construction is
completed, NRI and HNI customers.

* Dharmesh Jain

Chairman & Managing Director, Nirmal Lifestyle and President, MCHI-CREDAI

even though other main aspects like location, amenities, brand name play a key
role, builders offer many attractive payment schemes to attract buyers. One of
the most payment attractive schemes is 20-80. This scheme is mostly beneficial
for both investors and buyers. Buyers can definitely expect a good appreciation
by the time of possession under this scheme.  Also 20:80 schemes are very
popular with investors as it gives them the opportunity to increase their gains
on property investment exponentially due to leveraging it offers. The scheme was
mainly designed to make it possible for people staying in rented houses to buy
under construction property by taking home loan

Figure it out

If you calculate it mathematically under 20:80 scheme if a flat in Mulund is
offered at Rs 1crore for which the buyer has to pay 20% which is equivalent to
20 lakh. So within the span of three years when the flat is ready for
possession, if the rate of the flat goes high by 15 - 20 percent, a buyer can
make a good profit after selling that flat. Also developers can go for ADF and
draw down the entire (or substantial) portion of the sanctioned loan up front
instead of in installments linked to construction

As of now we are still under the process of working on some unique schemes to
attract buyers.

Nowadays almost each and every builder is offering this scheme to attract buyers
since it's a win - win situation for both. But mostly this scheme works well for
luxurious projects and also it is favourable for the projects which are under
initial stage.

Buyer profiles

Mostly High Net worth Individuals (HNIs) and investors avail this scheme. Since
for them to make profit from the property is one of their main aim. So buyers
falling under these two categories take benefit of this scheme.

* Ravi Gurav

Member, MCHI-CREDAI and Vice President - Marketing, Dheeraj Realty

normally 20-80 scheme structure is like 20% own contribution of buyer and 80% is
a housing finance from bank or HFC (housing finance company). In many cases
developer get the approval of subvention scheme from bank or HFC. Under such
subvention scheme bank or HFC release the money to the developer more than
actual due which is in principle approved buy a buyer also. In return buyer
doesn't pay any interest on such loan disbursement till occupation of property.
But developer pays on behalf of buyer.

Win-win scenario

Such schemes helps buyer to save on interest during under-construction and cost
of uncertainty on delay. Developer gets advance money released at the cost of
normal housing loan and not a commercial loan. So such schemes are win-win for
all; buyers, developers and banks/ HFCs too

Under such schemes, developer tends to keep the selling rate high, covering cost
of interest for a certain period of time. Property rates at projects without
such schemes are normally lower than those under scheme. Buyers should compare
the rates under such scheme with normal rate without any scheme. In our project
we do not offer such schemes but we are offering lowest housing loan interest
which is 7.5% per annum for 15  years. These are much more beneficial than any
20-80 schemes

Preferred concept

Such schemes are mostly seen in mid-range or second home properties which are at
the outskirts of Mumbai. Most developer operating out of Mumbai or low-cost
properties are not very known. In such a scenario trust deficit is there and
buyer wants assurance on timely completion. Plus 20-80 subvention schemes
provides some cost benefits to buyer even if project is not delayed. These are
preferred by middle class working buyer profile mostly opting for budget homes
and entry level homes in Mumbai such as 1BHK. Buyers of such low-cost properties
cannot afford unwanted interest due to delay of projects, so they look for
properties where cost will not escalate upper side.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                              July 13, 2014 Sunday

How . . . many KiwiSaver schemes have shut up shop?

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 424 words


BY OUR count 20, though not all of them have entirely disappeared just yet.

KiwiSaver, like any boom industry, was always going to experience schemes
failing to make the grade and attract customers.

It was also always going to see consolidation, with banks and fund managers with
big ambitions buying the schemes of rivals to get themselves more customers,
especially regular savers who virtually guarantee future growth.

And there were always going to be failed strategies. In that first category -
failing to attract customers - comes Asteron, the insurance company, which
entered the market late, and though it is well-known among advisers, has a brand
with little pulling power on retail investors, who are the lifeblood of
KiwiSaver. Also in that category are some small schemes which hoped to draw
support from specific workforces.

In the enthusiasm of the early days of KiwiSaver, it seemed so easy to launch a
scheme, but getting numbers if you weren't a bank, a default scheme provider, or
a fiercely professional fund manager like Milford or Fisher Funds, proved hard.
This included some single workplace schemes like Hexion, Stevenson Group,
Turners & Growers, Ecolab and Griffins, but also some that hoped to draw savers
from an affinity group like The Law Professionals scheme, the Professionals
Superannuation and Benefits Group, and the union-linked IRIS scheme.

Two tiny property-focused schemes, MSF and Real Property, also lacked the legs
to stay in business.

Into Fisher Funds' growing empire has gone the Huljich KiwiSaver book of
business, the Credit Union scheme, First NZ Capital's scheme, and Tower's
KiwiSaver scheme, which is now called the Fisher Funds Two scheme.

Also into the "consolidation" story of KiwiSaver go the takeover of AXA by AMP,
which saw the schemes merged, the purchase by Kiwibank of the Gareth Morgan
scheme, and the Fidelity Life scheme going to Grosvenor as part of a deal to
release funding for Fidelity to buy the life insurance business of Tower.

And as Brook Asset Management showed, a KiwiSaver scheme built on the
reputations of specific managers may not survive their departure.

Fisher Funds' Mark Brighouse said the costs of a scheme merger (legal advice,
communication, additional staff training, rebranding and compliance work) are
costs for the providers rather than the scheme members, who often end up paying
reduced fees. KiwiSaver providers have to absorb the costs and take a long- term
view members will be happy with the new scheme, he said. Members can opt not to
be included in a merger.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Welsh housing help scheme withdrawn after backers pull out;
UK GOVERNMENT ACCUSED OF CAUSING 'NEWBUY' TO FAIL

BYLINE: GRAHAM HENRY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 721 words


A FLAGSHIP Welsh mortgage guarantee scheme has been axed after its backers
withdrew support - just a month after the Welsh Government set its launch date.

Housing Minister Carl Sargeant told AMs NewBuy Cymru would not now be launched
on June 3, saying that the UK Government had "pulled the carpet away" from the
scheme by launching a similar policy in the Budget in March.

The confirmation came just two days after the Welsh Government closed the £36m
back-to-work Genesis Cymru Wales 2 project due to chronic under-performance and
failure to meet targets.

The announcement in the Budget that the UK Government would roll out a £130bn
Help-to-Buy mortgage guarantee scheme to help UK buyers get onto the housing
ladder from next year torpedoed the Welsh mortgage guarantee scheme, with Mr
Sargeant saying in a statement to AMs that the announcement meant the Welsh
scheme would not be taken forward "as originally envisaged".

The long-delayed scheme was already meant to be in place by spring, and first
formed part of the budget deal struck with the Liberal Democrats in 2011.

The three-year NewBuy scheme - which aimed to help 3,000 new-build homes up to a
value of £250,000 to be bought through guarantees for 95% mortgages - was backed
when the launch was announced last month by the Council of Mortgage Lenders
(CML) and the Home Builders' Federation (HBF).

But Mr Sargeant told AMs on the Communities, Equality and Local Government
Committee that backers in the housing industry for the scheme had pulled out as
the UK scheme had "lesser financial risk".

He told AMs: "The NewBuy Cymru scheme was one of the first things I brought to
the chamber in terms of the announcement.

What we didn't quite see was, the day after, the Treasury announcement in terms
of their scheme, Help-to-Buy.

"[It] would be fair to say that has caused a glitch - an issue with the delivery
of our scheme."

He said that, now that New-Buy Cymru's partners had pulled out, he wanted to
find out if there was some way a Welsh Government scheme could continue
temporarily - until the UK scheme started.

When he announced the launch date last month, Mr Sargeant said that the scheme
was "not only good news for the Welsh economy, but good news for families and
individuals across Wales".

He added yesterday: "We were certainly unaware of the UK scheme that was coming
into place which sort of pulled the carpet away from the scheme, the development
of what we had intended."

Tamsin Stirling, a Welsh Government special adviser on housing, said that the
department had struggled to get details on the UK scheme.

Liberal Democrat South Wales West AM Peter Black, who campaigned for the scheme
to be brought forward, said that the scheme's collapse showed "intolerable"
incompetence.

"The Welsh Labour Government has taken over a year from the initial announcement
to put together a scheme only to see it collapse under the weight of its own
complexity," he said.

"Having dragged their heels, the Welsh Labour Government has left first-time
buyers with no way forward to get on the housing ladder."

Plaid Cymru housing spokesman Rhodri Glyn Thomas said that the announcement was
"very disappointing".

"The Welsh Government has long been dithering on the scheme which would have
helped first-time buyers get on the property ladder and its dithering has once
again led to disappointment.

"It's high time that it finally took action that can help prospective homebuyers
in Wales," he said.

A spokesman for CML said: "Given the changing political landscape and the
interaction between UK-wide and Welsh national policy, it's not surprising that
this has caused some rethinking to take place.

"While the final outcome is still not clear, we look forward to liaising with
the Welsh Government and continuing to support the mortgage market in Wales."

A spokesman for HBF said: "We're still working through the implications of the
Budget and will be working with the Welsh Government to see what can be
implemented in Wales".

Tony Filice, RICS Wales spokesman on residential matters and director of Cardiff
chartered surveyors Kelvin Francis, said he was disappointed that the scheme had
collapsed.

He said: "We believe this scheme would have worked well in conjunction with Help
to Buy as the schemes together would have addressed both the new-build market
and the second homes market."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2013 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved
