
                               1 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 52412  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Department of Agriculture
----------------------------------------------------------------------- Rural
Business-Cooperative Service
----------------------------------------------------------------------- Rural
Utilities Service
----------------------------------------------------------------------- 7 CFR
Parts 4279 and 4287 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program; Final Rule Federal Register / Vol. 80 , No.
121 / Wednesday, June 24, 2015 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 36410]]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Rural Utilities
Service 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287 RIN 0570-AA73 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,
and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service and Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Interim
final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is publishing this interim final
rule for the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program (the Program), formerly the Biorefinery Assistance Program,
incorporating changes required in the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
and addressing comments received on the interim final rule published on February
14, 2011 (76 FR 8404). This interim final rule establishes provisions for the
loan guarantees available for Biorefineries to support the production of
Advanced Biofuels and Renewable Chemicals and for Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities. DATES: This interim rule is effective August 24, 2015. Comments on
the rule and the information collection under the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1995 must be received on or before August 24, 2015. ADDRESSES: Submit your
comments on this rule by any of the following methods:  Federal eRulemaking
Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
     Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742.
     Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail, or other courier service requiring a street address, to
the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington,
DC 20024.
    All written comments will be available for public inspection during
regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed
above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Todd Hubbell, Energy Branch, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3201;
telephone (202) 720-0410.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Executive Summary

The Food, Conversation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-246),
otherwise known as the 2008 Farm Bill, established the Biorefinery
Assistance Program (the Program) under Title IX, Section 9003, for
making loan guarantees to fund the development, construction, and
Retrofitting of Commercial-Scale Biorefineries using Eligible
Technology. The 2008 Farm Bill defined Eligible Technologies as:
Technology that is being adopted in a viable Commercial-Scale operation
of a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced Biofuel; and technology that
has been demonstrated to have technical and economic potential for
commercial application in a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced
Biofuel.
    The Program's authority is continued in the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) (Pub. L. 113-79), with several specific changes:
(1) Renames the Program as the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance; (2) Revises the purpose
statement for the Program to include Renewable Chemicals and Biobased
Product Manufacturing; (3) Expands the Program to include Biobased
Product Manufacturing facilities; (4) Adds definitions for ``Renewable
Chemicals'' and ``Biobased Product Manufacturing''; and (5) Ensures
diversity in the types of Projects approved.
    Eligible applicants for the Program are as follows: Individuals;
entities; Indian Tribes; units of State or Local Government;
corporations; Farm Cooperatives; Farmer Cooperative Organizations;
associations of Agricultural Producers; National Laboratories;
Institutions of Higher Education; rural electric cooperatives; public
power entities; and consortia of any of the foregoing entities.
    The 2014 Farm Bill provides the Program with a total budget
authority of $200 million in mandatory funding over three years, with
discretionary funding totaling $375 million over five years ($75
million per year). This level of funding is less than provided under
the 2008 Farm Bill, which had a total budget authority of $320 in
mandatory funding, with discretionary funding totaling $750 million
over five years ($150 million per year).

Purpose of the Regulatory Action

This rule revises 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and 7 CFR part 4287,
subpart D to implement the provisions contained in the 2014 Farm Bill,
modifies the Program to incorporate administrative improvements based
on Agency experience in implementing the Program, addresses comments
received on the interim final rule, published in the Federal Register
on February 14, 2011, and incorporates the guaranteed loan provisions
of the Agency's Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan program to
make the rule a ``stand alone'' rule.

Summary of the Major Changes

The major changes being implemented by this rulemaking are:
     Revised the purpose and scope section by adding Renewable
Chemicals and Biobased Product Manufacturing;
     Adding the ability to fund Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities;
     Removing the requirement that the majority of the
Biorefinery production must be an Advanced Biofuel in order to be
eligible for Program assistance;
     Supplementing the Program to include a ``project-finance
framework;''
     Implementing a two-phase application process;
     Overhauling the scoring of applications; and
     Limiting Interest accrual to 90 days, in most instances,
to determining what the guarantee will cover and what can be included
in a loss claim.

Costs and Benefits

The Agency estimates that approximately 95 applicants will submit
Phase 1 applications. The burden to these applicants under the new two-
phase application process is estimated to be approximately 700 hours
per application. The Agency estimates that each applicant who receives
a loan guarantee would require an additional 252 hours for reporting
and other servicing actions.
    The benefits associated with the Program under the subsequent
interim rule are, for the most part, the same as those that accrue
under the baseline Program. Direct beneficiaries of the Program
continue to be those applicants who receive a Section 9003 loan
guarantee, but now include owners and operators of Biorefineries whose
primary product is a Renewable Chemical and owners and operators of
Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities. Indirect beneficiaries of
the Program continue to include technology providers of the systems
used in advancing these facilities, feedstock

[[Page 36411]]

suppliers, producer associations and cooperatives, and Lenders.
    Expanding the Program to include Renewable Chemicals and Biobased
Product Manufacturing will further potential positive environmental
impacts associated with replacing petroleum-based feedstock with
renewable biomass feedstock.
    The Agency expects the changes (described later in this Notice) to
make the Program more attractive to larger, more sophisticated Lenders
who are under more regulatory scrutiny than the Lenders that have
historically participated in the Agency's guaranteed loan programs.
Their participation is necessary due to the size of the Projects funded
under the Program. Changes are also made that clarify and streamline
Agency application requirements, which will aid Lenders and Borrowers
in putting together materials required as part of the application
process.
    The Agency also expects the changes to the Program to result in a
greater diversity of the types of Projects being funded, including
Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities and Biorefineries whose
primary product is a Renewable Chemical that had not been eligible for
funding under the Program as authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. The
Agency further expects these changes to improve the financial
feasibility of Biorefineries producing Advanced Biofuels and Renewable
Chemicals because Renewable Chemicals typically are of higher value
than Advanced Biofuels and have broader market opportunities.

II. Executive Orders/Acts

Executive Order 12866

This interim final rule has been reviewed under Executive Order
(EO) 12866 and has been determined to be ``economically significant''
by the OMB. The EO defines a ``significant regulatory action'' as one
that is likely to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect
on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect, in a
material way, the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity,
competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State,
local, or tribal governments or communities; (2) create a serious
inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) materially alter the budgetary impact of
entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and
obligations of recipients thereof; or (4) raise novel legal or policy
issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or
the principles set forth in this EO.
    The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the
requirements of EO 12866. In this analysis, the Agency identifies
alternatives considered, the distributional effects of the rule
changes, the estimated costs of applying for and the potential benefits
of receiving Section 9003 funding.
Alternatives Considered
    In the benefit-cost analysis, the Agency considered alternatives
associated with three provisions--Renewable Chemicals, Biobased Product
Manufacturing, and Project diversity.
    Renewable Chemicals. Under the baseline Program, a Biorefinery is
required to primarily produce Advanced Biofuels in order to
participate; that is, the majority of the Biorefinery's production must
be an Advanced Biofuel. The 2014 Farm Bill provisions add ``Renewable
Chemicals'' to the Program's title and its purpose statement, but do
not address how Renewable Chemical facilities will be assisted. The
Agency, therefore, had to consider how a facility producing Renewable
Chemicals would be eligible for a Section 9003 loan guarantee.
    The Agency considered whether the 2014 Farm Bill would allow
providing loan guarantees to facilities that produced Renewable
Chemicals, but did not produce any Advanced Biofuel. The Agency also
considered Congressional intent as articulated in the 2014 Farm Bill
conference report, which would enable the Program to provide loan
guarantees to a wide array of facilities.
    After consideration of the entire 2014 Farm Bill provisions, the
Agency is removing the regulatory requirement that a Biorefinery
primarily produce an Advanced Biofuel. In addition, the subsequent
interim rule (this rule) requires that the Biorefinery produce at least
some Advanced Biofuel, but it does not set a minimum production level
of Advanced Biofuel, and does not require the Advanced Biofuel be sold
as Biofuel. The primary effect of these changes is to allow a
Biorefinery that primarily produces a Renewable Chemical to apply for a
Section 9003 loan guarantee.
    Biobased Product Manufacturing. The 2014 Farm Bill added Biobased
Product Manufacturing to the Program's title and purpose statement and
provided for up to 15 percent of the mandatory funds for Fiscal Years
2014 and 2015 to be used to support facilities producing Biobased
Products for end use. To incorporate Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities into the Program, the Agency considered two approaches--(1)
writing separate sections in the rule to address specific Project
criteria and administrative requirements for Biobased Product
Manufacturing provisions or (2) revising the rule to broadly apply to
all types of projects eligible under the Program.
    Under the first approach, the Agency would develop criteria and
other specific requirements for applications and write separate
sections in the rule to address Biobased Product Manufacturing. This
approach would require a large amount of duplication or cross
referencing to the general rule. In addition, there is no statutory
authorization for Biobased Product Manufacturing projects after 15% of
the fiscal years 2014 and 2015 mandatory funding is expended on such
projects. Thus, this approach would create provisions that would
``sunset'' after a short period of time.
    Under the second approach, which the Agency is implementing, the
Agency would revise the rule to apply as broadly as possible to all
types of projects eligible under the Program, such as changing
references from ``biorefinery'' to ``facility'' and to identify in an
annual notice the priority scoring criteria that explicitly apply to
Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities.
    Project diversity. The 2014 Farm Bill provisions require that there
be a diversity of technologies, products, and approaches in the types
of Projects approved under the Program. The Agency considered two
approaches for addressing Project diversity--specific Project criteria
and administrative priority points.
    Under the first approach, the Agency would identify one or more
priority scoring criteria for specific technologies, products, and
approaches that are under-represented in the Program portfolio and
update the specific technologies, products, and approaches annually.
The Agency determined that this approach would be more cumbersome and
it could be difficult to identify new and emerging technologies,
products, and approaches in advance of drafting and publishing criteria
on an annual basis.
    Under the second approach, which the Agency is implementing, the
Agency would include the authority for the Administrator to award
additional discretionary points in the priority scoring and selection
process. This approach provides greater flexibility than the first
approach and allows the Agency to respond to changes in the
applications and the industries as a whole. As implemented, the
Administrator, at the Administrator's discretion, may award up to 10
points to ensure as wide a range as possible of

[[Page 36412]]

technologies, products, and approaches are assisted in the Program's
portfolio.
Distributional Effects
    The subsequent interim rule affects the distribution of costs and
benefits across eligible applicants. The subsequent interim rule
increases costs to some of the applicants, but decreases the cost to
many applicants (i.e., those applicants who are not invited to submit a
Phase 2 application). On balance, the two-phase application process
reduces the total cost of the Program to the public.
    While the types of benefits occurring as a result of the subsequent
interim rule are not different from those that occur under the baseline
Program, the benefits occur across a broader range of Projects
(Renewable Chemicals and Biobased Product Manufacturing). The Agency
also expects these changes to improve the financial feasibility of the
Biorefineries supplying Renewable Chemicals and other Biobased Products
to manufacturing facilities because Renewable Chemicals typically are
of higher value than Advanced Biofuels.
    The inclusion of the Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product
Manufacturing provisions also means that there may be a shift in the
entities receiving the benefits--from Biorefineries that primarily
produce Advanced Biofuels to those that produce primarily Renewable
Chemicals and to facilities that manufacture Biobased Products into
end-user products. The extent that such a shift occurs depends in part
on the applications received and their merits.
    With regard to the distribution of benefits over time, the Program
initially directly benefits those who are receiving loan guarantees for
the construction and production of the Advanced Biofuels, Renewable
Chemicals, and Biobased Products. The benefits of these products will
be enjoyed by future generations to the extent that such Projects are
successful in growing these businesses to the point where they become
part of the long-term economy. While the subsequent interim rule does
not directly change this type of distributional effect, the greater
inclusion of Renewable Chemicals and the funding of Biobased Product
Manufacturing can help ensure that these types of Projects and their
products become part of the long-term economy.
Costs
    The Agency estimates that the burden to the public of applying for
a Section 9003 loan guarantee under the new two-phase application
process to be approximately 700 hours per application. The Agency
estimates that each applicant who receives a loan guarantee would
require an additional 252 hours for reporting and other servicing
actions.
    Over the three years following the effective date of the subsequent
interim rule, the Agency estimates that there will be approximately 95
applicants submitting Phase 1 applications, of which 34 will be invited
to submit a Phase 2 application. The number of applicants is based on
(1) an assumption of full funding for the Program over the next three
years, (2) the fact that we have received approximately three times
more applications than we could fund, and (3) the number of expected
applications for the first time from biorefineries whose primary output
is a Renewable Chemical and from Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities based on inquiries from these sectors.
Benefits
    The benefits associated with the Program under the subsequent
interim rule are, for the most part, the same as those that accrue
under the baseline Program. Direct beneficiaries of the Program are
those applicants who receive a Section 9003 loan guarantee, which can
be up to $250 million (not to exceed 80 percent of total Eligible
Project Costs). As a result of the 2014 Farm Bill, direct beneficiaries
will now include owners and operators of Biorefineries whose primary
product is a Renewable Chemical and owners and operators of Biobased
Product Manufacturing facilities.
    Indirect beneficiaries of the Program include the technology
providers of the system used in advancing these Biorefineries and
Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities, Agriculture Producers and
others who supply the feedstock used in these Biorefineries and
facilities, producer associations and cooperatives (to the extent that
applicants seek to partner with such entities), and Lenders.
    By relying on Renewable Biomass feedstock, these Projects have the
ability to have a greater positive impact on the environment than
similar products produced from petroleum-based feedstock. Expanding the
Program to include Renewable Chemicals and Biobased Product
Manufacturing will further these potential positive environmental
impacts.
    Creating diversity in technologies, products, and approaches helps
spread the potential for development of new and emerging technologies
products, and approaches as broadly as possible thereby achieving a
primary purpose of the Program--to assist in the development of new and
emerging technologies.
Funding
    The 2014 Farm Bill provides $100 million of mandatory funding for
the Program for Fiscal Year 2014 and $50 million of mandatory funding
for each of Fiscal Years 2015 and 2016. Of the mandatory funding for
Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015, the Secretary may use for the cost of loan
guarantees not more than 15 percent to promote Biobased Product
Manufacturing. The 2014 Farm Bill also enables Congress to approve an
additional $75 million of discretionary funding for Fiscal Years 2014
through 2018.

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act 1995 (UMRA), Public
Law 104-4, establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the
effects of their regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal
governments and the private sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA,
Rural Development generally must prepare a written statement, including
a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with ``Federal
mandates'' that may result in expenditures to State, local, or tribal
governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector of $100 million
or more in any one year. When such a statement is needed for a rule,
section 205 of the UMRA generally requires Rural Development to
identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives
and adopt the least costly, more cost-effective, or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule.
    This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the UMRA) for State, local, and tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to
the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the UMRA.

National Environmental Policy Act

The Program has been operating since 2009, initially under funding
notices, but later under an interim final rule published on February
14, 2011. The Program's regulations are found in 7 CFR part 4279,
subpart C and 7 CFR part 4287, subpart D. Under this Program, the
Agency conducts a National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) review for
each application received. To date, no significant environmental
impacts have been reported, and Findings of No Significant Impact
(FONSI) have been issued for each approved application. Taken
collectively, the applications show no

[[Page 36413]]

potential for significant adverse cumulative effects.
    This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has determined
that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment, and in
accordance with NEPA of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental
Impact Statement is not required.

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This interim final rule has been reviewed under EO 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. In accordance with this rule: (1) all State and local
laws and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be
preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will be given to this rule; and
(3) administrative proceedings in accordance with the regulations of
the Department of Agriculture's National Appeals Division (7 CFR part
11) must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging action
taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically allow
bringing suit at an earlier time.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

It has been determined, under EO 13132, Federalism, that this
interim final rule does not have sufficient federalism implications to
warrant the preparation of a Federalism Assessment. The provisions
contained in the rule will not have a substantial direct effect on
States or their political subdivisions or on the distribution of power
and responsibilities among the various government levels.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612) (RFA) generally
requires an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to notice and comment rulemaking requirements under the
Administrative Procedure Act or any other statute unless the Agency
certifies that the rule will not have an economically significant
impact on a substantial number of small entities. Small entities
include small businesses, small organizations, and small governmental
jurisdictions.
    Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This interim
rule affects entities that utilize the Section 9003 Guaranteed Loan
Program and any prospective entities that may utilize the program in
the future. Between fiscal years 2009 and 2014, the Agency received 42
applications. Of these 42 applications, 28 applications were either
withdrawn by the applicant/borrower, were determined by the Agency to
be ineligible, or have had program funds previously committed,
deobligated. Of the remaining 14 applications, the Agency issued 10
Conditional Commitments and 4 applications are pending further review
and evaluation. The Agency estimates that most, if not all, of the
entities that submitted applications would be considered a small
entity, as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility Act, based on using
the SBA-established threshold of 1,000 employees for defining a small
business for the NAICS code 325199 (which is often used as a default
code for many the entities applying for the Section 9003 program).
Because of this high percentage, the Agency has determined that this
rule will have an impact on a substantial number of small entities.
    However, the Agency has determined that the economic impact of this
rule on these entities will not be significant. The most significant
change in the rule that affects entities applying for this program is
the implementation of the two-phase application process, which will
have a positive impact on most applicants. Under the two-phase
application process, all applicants must submit a Phase I application
and then only a smaller subset of these applicants would submit the
Phase II application. Under the current interim rule, all applicants
have to submit an application that is equivalent to a combined Phase I
and Phase II application. The new application process reduces the cost
to those applicants who are ``unsuccessful''--that is, to those who are
not invited to submit a Phase II application. This change reduces the
impact of the Section 9003 program by almost 70 percent for the
``unsuccessful'' applicant. Thus, under the new application process, 67
percent of the applicants between fiscal years 2009 and 2014 would have
incurred significantly lower application costs.
    Based on the data in the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) burden
package, the Agency estimates the cost of the rule to be approximately
$31,000 per successful applicant. This is based on determining which of
the estimated costs in the PRA burden package would be incurred by the
entities applying for and participating in the program. As noted above,
most of the entities applying for and participating in the Section 9003
program are likely to be small businesses. The Agency examined the 10
entities to whom conditional commitments were made and the four
entities whose applications are still pending. With the exception of
two projects, none of the projects are yet operating. Thus, the Agency
does not have actual financial information to use to evaluate the
impact of the rule on these entities. Therefore, the Agency elected to
look at the financial data (specifically, projected revenue or sales
data when the projects reach full production) supplied in the
applications and upon which the Agency made its decisions as to which
projects to issue conditional commitments. Based on these data, the
range of projected annual revenues/sales for these 14 projects is $4.1
million to $262 million. A cost of $31,000 per entity represents
approximately 0.75% of the projected revenues for the smallest
projected revenue stream down to 0.01% for the largest. Therefore, this
rule will not have a significant impact on a substantial number of
small entities.

Executive Order 13211, Actions Concerning Regulations That
Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use

The regulatory impact analysis conducted for this interim final
rule meets the requirements for EO 13211, which states that an agency
undertaking regulatory actions related to energy supply, distribution,
or use is to prepare a Statement of Energy Effects. This analysis finds
that this rule will not have any adverse impacts on energy supply,
distribution, or use.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This Program is not subject to the provisions of EO 12372, which
require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribes

This EO imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or
preempt tribal laws. Rural Development has determined that this rule
does not have a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian
Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of powers
and responsibilities between the Federal Government and the Indian
Tribes. Thus, this notice is not subject to the requirements of EO
13175.

[[Page 36414]]

Programs Affected

The Biorefinery Assistance Program is listed in the Catalog of
Federal Domestic Assistance under Number 10.865. This will be updated
with the Program's new name, as changed by the 2014 Farm Bill, the
``Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program.''

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service announces its intention to seek OMB
approval of the new reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained
in this rule.
    The following annual estimates are based on an estimated volume of
activity of 32 Phase 1 applications, 11 Phase 2 applications, and 6 new
loan guarantees. Phase 1 applications are evaluated by the Agency to
determine whether the Borrower is eligible, the proposed loan is for an
eligible purpose, there is reasonable assurance of repayment ability,
there is sufficient Collateral and equity, and the proposed loan
complies with all applicable statutes and regulations. Phase 2
applications are only required for those applicants submitting
eligible, high scoring phase I applications.
    Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for the requirements
will increase the current collection of information by an estimated
total of 6,281 hours. The Agency anticipates the number of respondents
to fluctuate based on funding levels. The average burden per respondent
under the current interim rule is estimated to be 148 hours, and the
average burden under the subsequent interim rule is estimated to be 410
hours, for an estimated increase of 262 hours per respondent.
    Respondents: Respondents for this data are lending institutions and
for profit businesses but also include individuals and corporations,
non-profit businesses, Indian Tribes, units of State and Local
Governments, farmer and rural electric cooperatives, Associations of
Agricultural Producers, Institutions of Higher Education, public power
entities, and consortiums of any of the foregoing entities. The annual
estimates below are for both subparts associated with this rule.
    Estimated Number of Respondents: 32.
    Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 23.5.
    Estimated Number of Responses: 752.
    Estimated Total Annual Burden (hours) on Respondents: 13,115.
    Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne
Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services
Division, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742,
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742 or by calling
(202) 692-0040.
    Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the Agency, including whether the information will
have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the Agency's estimate of
the burden of the proposed collection of information including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance
the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on
those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate
automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology.
    Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork
Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development,
STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250. All
responses to this rule will be summarized and included in the request
for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record.

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the Internet and other information
technologies to provide increased opportunities for citizen access to
Government information and services, and for other purposes.

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal and, where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
    If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor (PDF) within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

III. Background

On February 14, 2011, the Agency published an interim final rule
for the Biorefinery Assistance Program (the Program) in the Federal
Register (76 FR 8404). The interim final rule addressed comments that
the Agency received on the proposed rule, which was published in the
Federal Register on April 16, 2010 (75 FR 20044), and to clarify
proposed provisions. Changes were made throughout the rule, with many
of the changes addressing definitions; Lender, Borrower, and Project
eligibility requirements; application requirements and scoring; and
various loan guarantee provisions, such as those associated with
conditions of guarantee, fee, Interest rates and loan terms, and
maximum percent guarantee.
    The interim final rule became effective on March 16, 2011, and the
Agency provided a 60-day comment period for the public to submit
comments on the interim final rule.

[[Page 36415]]

Today's action is addressing the public comments received.
    On February 7, 2014, the 2014 Farm Bill was signed into law.
Section 9003 of the 2014 Farm Bill addresses the Program. The Agency
held a listening session on March 13, 2014, to receive input from
interested stakeholders on the various energy and bioeconomy provisions
of the 2014 Farm Bill. No comments specific to the Program were
received.
    In addition to renaming the Program the ``Biorefinery, Renewable
Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance,'' Section 9003
affects funding associated with Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities and funding associated with Biorefineries producing
Renewable Chemicals. Section 9003 also requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to ensure diversity in the types of Projects approved under
the Program.
    The Agency has been implementing the Program since the 2008 Farm
Bill. During this time, the Agency has applied a ``commercial lending''
framework to the Program. The Agency has determined that the Program
can be implemented more effectively by adding the flexibility of using
a ``project finance-based'' framework. In order to add project finance-
based framework aspects, it is necessary to revise certain Program
provisions, which are discussed later in this preamble.
    Lastly, the Agency is restructuring the rule to be a ``stand
alone'' rule. The current interim rule relies heavily on incorporating
the guaranteed loan provisions of the Agency's B&I Guaranteed Loan
program. The Agency has decided to eliminate the extensive cross-
references to the B&I Guaranteed Loan program and in its place create a
``self-contained'' rule for the Program. In the course of doing this,
the Agency is taking the opportunity to clarify and/or modify many of
the provisions previously incorporated by reference in order to improve
Program administration.
    Most of the current interim rule's provisions have been carried
forward into the subsequent interim rule, although there have been
several significant changes. A summary of major changes to the current
interim rule are summarized below in Section IV of this preamble. All
of the comments received on the current interim rule and during the
listening session are summarized in Section V of this preamble. Section
VI presents in brief the substantive changes, if any, made in each
section of the rule.
    Interim final rule. USDA Rural Development is issuing this rule as
an interim final rule, effective July 24, 2015. All provisions of this
rule are adopted on an interim final basis, are subject to a 60-day
comment period, and will remain in effect until the Agency adopts the
final rule.

IV. Discussion of Major Changes to the Program

As noted above, the changes being made to the Program are due to:
(1) Statutory changes resulting from the 2014 Farm Bill, (2) based on
the Agency's experience in operating the Program since it was
authorized in 2008, amending the Program to enable flexibility to use a
project finance-based framework, (3) the Agency's consideration of
public comments on the February 14, 2011, interim final rule, and (4)
the Agency's decision to create a ``self-contained'' rule. The
following discussion presents the major changes made in response to
these four considerations.

A. The 2014 Farm Bill

Section 9003 of the 2014 Farm Bill requires the Agency to modify
the current interim rule in order to:
     include Biorefineries that primarily produce Renewable
Chemicals;
     include Biobased Product Manufacturing; and
     ensure that there is diversity in the types of Projects
approved.
1. Renewable Chemicals
    The 2014 Farm Bill provisions add ``Renewable Chemicals'' to the
Program's title and purpose statement, but do not address how the
Program will assist Renewable Chemical facilities.
    Currently, Biorefineries are required to primarily produce Advanced
Biofuels in order to participate. Under the subsequent interim rule,
the Agency is removing the regulatory requirement that the majority of
production of a Biorefinery be an Advanced Biofuel. By removing this
regulatory requirement, a Biorefinery producing Advanced Biofuel and
Renewable Chemicals, will be able to participate without having to meet
a specific minimum threshold production level of Advanced Biofuel.
    When considering the eligibility of Biorefineries that produce
Renewable Chemicals, the Agency will include in its consideration
reliance on the program purpose and scope and the definitions of
``Biorefinery'' and ``Eligible Technology'' as found in 7 U.S.C. 8101
and 8103).
    The purpose of the Program is to assist in the development of
Advanced Biofuels, Renewable Chemicals, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing.
    ``Biorefinery.--The term `Biorefinery' means a facility (including
equipment and processes) that (A) converts renewable biomass into
biofuels and biobased products; and (B) may produce electricity.'' 7
U.S.C. 8101(7) (emphasis added.) The Agency interprets this definition
to mean that the facility must produce Biofuel and may produce Biobased
Products (which includes Renewable Chemicals) and may produce
electricity.
    ``Eligible technology.--The term `Eligible Technology' means, as
determined by the Secretary (A) a technology that is being adopted in a
viable Commercial-Scale operation of a Biorefinery that produces an
Advanced Biofuel; and (B) a technology not described in subparagraph
(A) that has been demonstrated to have technical and economic potential
for commercial application in a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced
Biofuel.'' 7 U.S.C. 8103(b)(2) (emphasis added.)
    Under the subsequent interim rule, a Biorefinery may convert
Renewable Biomass into Renewable Chemicals or Biobased Products and
must produce an Advanced Biofuel.
    While requiring Biorefineries produce an Advanced Biofuel, the
subsequent interim rule does not set a specific minimum production
level of Advanced Biofuel and does not require that the Advanced
Biofuel be sold as Biofuel. A Biorefinery may sell the Advanced Biofuel
that it produces as a Biofuel or for other non-fuel usage. A
Biorefinery may further process the Advanced Biofuel into Renewable
Chemicals or other Biobased Products or use the Biofuel as a fuel for
heat or power in its process or generate electricity.
    Food or feed are not eligible Biobased Products (see Sec.  4279.202
for definition of Biobased Products). However, a Renewable Chemical
that is food-grade would be eligible.
    In summary, the subsequent interim rule requires that at least some
amount of Advanced Biofuel is produced, but does not set a specific
minimum production level of Advanced Biofuel. The subsequent interim
rule does not require that the Advanced Biofuel be sold as Biofuel. The
Biorefinery may sell the Advanced Biofuel that it produces as a
Biofuel, Renewable Chemical, or for other non-fuel usage. Further, the
Biorefinery may process the Advanced Biofuel into Renewable Chemicals
or other Biobased Products or use the Biofuel as a fuel for heat or
power in its process or generate electricity.

[[Page 36416]]

2. Biobased product manufacturing facilities
    The primary substantive change related to Biobased Product
Manufacturing facilities is that the Program will now be able to
provide funding to Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities.
    The 2014 Farm Bill provides the definition of ``Biobased Product
Manufacturing,'' which the Agency has incorporated into the subsequent
interim rule. See Sec.  4279.202. This definition requires the Biobased
Product Manufacturing facility to use Renewable Chemicals and other
biobased outputs of Biorefineries as inputs to produce end-user
products. The facility must also use Technologically New Commercial-
Scale processing and manufacturing equipment.
    As being implemented under the subsequent interim rule, these
facilities can be either stand-alone facilities or add-ons to existing
Biorefineries. The amount of funding that can be used to support these
facilities is limited by the 2014 Farm Bill to no more than 15 percent
of mandatory funds made available in FY 2014 and FY 2015 to promote
Biobased Product Manufacturing. (Note: This excludes any and all FY
2016 mandatory funds and all discretionary funds.)
    The Agency is adding a new paragraph to the Project eligibility
section to address Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities. The
general Program requirements apply to financing of Biobased Product
Manufacturing facilities. The Agency will publish, subsequent to the
publication of this rule, a notice in the Federal Register soliciting
applications for Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities.
3. Project Diversity
    The 2014 Farm Bill provisions require that there be diversity in
the types of Projects approved under the Program. The relevant
provision states ``the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent
practicable, there is diversity in the types of Projects approved for
loan guarantees to ensure that as wide a range as possible of
technologies, products, and approaches are assisted.'' 7 U.S.C.
8103(d)(1)(D).
    The Agency is implementing this provision by including authority
for the Administrator to award discretionary points in the priority
scoring and selection process. As implemented under the subsequent
interim rule, the Administrator, at the Administrator's discretion, may
award up to 10 points to ensure as wide a range as possible of
technologies, products, and approaches are assisted in the Program's
portfolio.

B. Improvements in program administration

As has been noted, the Agency is supplementing the commercial
lending framework with the flexibility to use a project finance-based
framework. A commercial loan is generally made to well-established
companies in established industries. Commercial loans are secured by
business assets. The evaluation of a commercial loan is generally based
on the historical financial performance of the business and its
financial performance in comparison to its industry peers.
    Project financing is the financing of infrastructure and industrial
projects. The evaluation of a project financing loan relies primarily
on the development of a project and its cash flow for repayment, with
the project's assets as secondary security or collateral.
    Supplementing the Program with a project finance-based framework
will align the Program with the Lenders standards and procedures and
improve the Agency's evaluation of loan guarantee applications and
credit risks. Significant changes are discussed below.
1. Two-Phase Application Process
    The rule currently requires all applicants to submit a complete
application including a technical report, environmental analysis, and
the Lender's credit evaluation, as specified in the rule. The
subsequent interim rule divides the application process into two
phases. Phase 1 applications will provide information to determine
Lender, Borrower, and Project eligibility; preliminary economic and
technical feasibility; and the priority score of the application. Based
on the priority score ranking, the Agency will invite applicants whose
Phase 1 applications receive higher priority scores to submit Phase 2
applications. Phase 2 application materials will be submitted as the
project planning and engineering is finalized and will include an
environmental report, technical report, financial model, and the
Lender's credit evaluation, as specified in the rule.

Phase 1 Application Materials
  [Phase 1 application content must be submitted in an initial complete
                          application package]
------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Project Summary.
2. Application form, Form RD 4279-1.
3. Financial statements--Audited annual statements and current
 statements.
4. Financial model and supporting assumptions.
5. Feasibility Study.
6. Business Plan.
7. Scoring information.
8. Intergovernmental consultation.
9. DUNS Number.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                      Phase 2 Application Materials
 [Phase 2 application materials are submitted under the direction of the
 Agency and may be submitted as the materials are developed or updated]
------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Technical assessment/Technical Report.
2. Environmental Assessment.
3. Updates to application materials, as appropriate.
4. Other information requested by the Agency including contacts and
 agreements.
5. Lender's analysis, credit evaluation, and supporting materials.
6. Appraisals.
7. Lender's proposed Loan Agreement.
8. Estimate timing of loan closing and issuance of the Loan Note
 Guarantee (pre-construction or post-construction).
9. Credit rating--obtained under the direction of the Agency after loan
 terms and conditions have been established.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 36417]]

2. Credit Evaluation
    The current interim rule requires Lenders to include an analysis of
the credit factors associated with each guarantee application,
including consideration of each of the following five elements:
    (1) Credit worthiness.
    (2) Cash flow.
    (3) Capital.
    (4) Collateral.
    (5) Conditions.
    Rather than focusing on a limited listing of elements, the
subsequent interim rule requires the Lender to analyze all credit
factors associated with each proposed loan and apply its professional
judgment to determine that the credit factors, considered in
combination, ensure loan repayment. This allows the Lender to apply a
commercial lending framework or a project finance framework, as
appropriate, on a project-by-project basis.
    The Agency has identified in the subsequent interim rule the
factors it uses to conduct its credit evaluation of the Project and
Borrower. These factors include, but are not limited to, debt
structure, revenues, technical feasibility, project equity, and other
project funding.
3. Collateral Evaluation
    Under the current interim rule, the adequacy of the Collateral is
based on the value of the Project assets and requires the discounted
Collateral value to be at least equal to the loan amount. The current
interim rule does not evaluate the Collateral from the perspective of
the Project's cash flow for repayment. However, of the Projects
financed under this Program, the value of the assets is directly
related to the Project's cash flow.
    Under the subsequent interim rule, the Agency has the flexibility
to determine how Collateral will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis,
taking into account the type of project and the types of assets.
4. Lender Responsibilities
    The subsequent interim rule places more emphasis on the Lender
obtaining and relying on certain written materials (including, but not
limited to, certifications, evaluations, appraisals, financial
statements and other reports) from qualified third parties (including,
among others, one or more independent engineers, appraisers,
accountants, attorneys, consultants or other experts).

C. Public Comments on Interim Final Rule

The Agency received four comment letters from the public on the
current interim rule (see Section V below.) After reviewing the public
comments, the Agency identified a number of changes to improve the
Program including:
     Removing the 500 basis point spread requirement between
the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan. (Sec.
4279.231(a) of the current interim rule)
     Clarifying when a subordinate lien position may be taken
on Borrower inventory and accounts receivables. (Sec.  4279.235(a))
     Adding a provision to allow the Lender to require
Borrowers to fund debt service reserve accounts with loan proceeds.
(Sec.  4279.210(c)(7))
     Revising the requirement for a Borrower to obtain an
evaluation and either a credit rating or credit assessment for loan
requests of $125 million or greater to requiring the Borrower to obtain
a an evaluation and rating of the total Project's indebtedness, without
consideration for a government guarantee, from a nationally-recognized
statistical rating organization (NRSRO), as defined by the U.S.
Security and Exchange Commission for all Projects with total Eligible
Project Costs of $25 million or more. An updated rating may be required
at the Agency's discretion if changes are subsequently made to the
Project including changes to any contracts and agreements or changes to
loan terms and conditions. (Sec.  4279.261(k)(5))

D. Stand-Alone Rule

As discussed earlier, the Agency is restructuring the rule to be a
``stand alone'' rule. The current interim rule relies heavily on
incorporating the guaranteed loan provisions of the Agency's B&I
Guaranteed Loan program. The Agency has decided to eliminate the
extensive cross-references to the B&I Guaranteed Loan program and in
its place create a ``self-contained'' rule for the Program. In the
course of doing this, the Agency has restructured the rule. While the
majority of the current interim rule's provisions have been carried
forward, a number of provisions have been relocated. In addition, the
Agency took the opportunity to clarify and/or modify many of the
provisions previously incorporated by reference in order to improve
Program administration.

V. Summary of Comments and Responses

As noted earlier, the current interim rule was published in the
Federal Register on February 14, 2011, with a 60-day comment period
that ended April 15, 2011. The Agency received comments from four
commenters, which included Biorefinery owner/operators, Lenders and
investment banking institutions. As a result of some of the comments,
the Agency made changes in the rule. The Agency sincerely appreciates
the time and effort of all commenters.

A. Equity Requirements

Comment: One commenter encouraged USDA to allow contributions of
other real and personal property previously purchased with cash to
count towards the Project equity requirement.
    Two commenters recommended clarification as to whether or not the
Fair Market Value of the Project, based on audited financial
statements, can be used in whole or in part to meet equity
requirements. One of these two commenters also recommended
clarification as to whether or not the value of qualified intellectual
property based on audited financial statements may be substituted in
whole or in part to meet equity requirements.
    One commenter recommended applying the Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) utilized in the B&I Guaranteed Loan
program such that the equity requirement may be calculated by deducting
Federal grants from Eligible Project Costs in arriving at the equity
requirement.
    One commenter recommended allowing Project assets funded with other
Federal grants, as well as other subordinate financing, to qualify as
Project equity in arriving at the 20 percent equity requirement.
Another commenter also recommended including subordinated financing as
Project equity for purposes of satisfying the Program's equity
requirements.
    Response: The subsequent interim rule clarifies that Total Federal
participation will not exceed 80 percent of total Eligible Project
Costs. The subsequent interim rule states that the total amount of a
loan guaranteed for a Project plus other Federal funding in the Project
will not exceed 80 percent of total Eligible Project Costs. The
remaining 20 percent of total eligible project cost must be funded from
non-Federal sources. In addition, the subsequent interim rule revises
the equity requirement by removing the balance sheet or financial
statement equity test. The subsequent interim rule requires the
Borrower and other principals involved in the Project to make a
significant equity investment in the Project in the form of cash

[[Page 36418]]

contribution. Equity does not include loans to the Project. The Agency
will establish the specific amount of equity it requires on a project-
by-project basis based on its credit evaluation.
    The following diagram illustrates the Project funding requirements
and differentiates the cash equity requirement from non-Federal funding
requirement:
[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TR24JN15.000

B. Financing More Than One Facility

Comment: One commenter recommended clarifying whether or not more
than one facility can be financed, together in the same loan package in
order to be able to cross collateralize and to reduce application
costs.
    Response: There is no provision in the current or subsequent
interim rule that excludes Projects that would provide financing for
more than one facility in one application. Thus, Projects may be
submitted with more than one facility under the same loan application.

C. Interest Rates

Comment: Two commenters stated that the Interest rate spread on the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan should not be
restricted and should be allowed to follow market rates for similar
investments with commensurate risk.
    Response: The Agency agrees that the Interest rates on the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan should be set by the
market and this change has been incorporated into the subsequent
interim rule. The requirement from the current interim rule of a
maximum 500 basis point spread between the Interest rates on the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan has been removed.

D. Minimum Retention

Comment: One commenter requested that the Agency lower the amount
of the unguaranteed portion of the loan that the Lender must hold from
7.5 percent to 5 percent.
    Response: The subsequent interim rule maintains that the Lender
must retain 7.5 percent of the total loan amount. However, it allows
for the Agency to reduce the percentage of the specific loan held, on a
case by case basis, if the Lender establishes to the Secretary's
satisfaction that reduction of the minimum retention percentage is to
meet compliance with the Lender's regulatory authority.

E. Prototypes

Comment: One commenter stated that alternate approaches to
prototype testing of complex processes and facilities should be
considered to build confidence for Commercial-Scale readiness. The
commenter requests that the Agency allow ``Semi-Work'' Scale testing
combined with predictive modeling to cut the cost of demonstration
scale testing.
    Response: The Agency disagrees with the commenter. The Projects
financed in the Program all involve complex processes which are stand-
alone but must be integrated with each other for the facilities to be
successful. Integrated demonstration of all necessary processes
provides the best way of minimizing risk to both the Lender and the
Agency. Under the subsequent interim rule, Projects utilizing a
technology that does not have a history of successful utilization in a
Commercial-Scale operation of a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced
Biofuel will be required to provide evidence supporting technical
information and data for 120 days of continuous, steady state
production from an integrated demonstration unit facility prior to
issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee. The integrated demonstration unit
must prove out the Project's ability to utilize Project relevant
biomass and produce Advanced Biofuel at a yield and quality consistent
with the design basis of the Project.

F. Liens

Comment: One commenter recommended allowing a senior lien on the
Borrower's cash in order to secure a portion of the unguaranteed loan
amount retained by the Lender.
    Response: The Agency disagrees with the commenter's recommendation.
It is important the Lender have a financial interest in the success and
also in any possible failure of the Project and

[[Page 36419]]

requiring that the Lender hold a certain percentage of the unguaranteed
portion of the loan, and not allowing additional Collateral solely to
secure the unguaranteed portion of the loan, is key to that position.
Therefore, the rule does not allow for additional Collateral to be
obtained solely for the purpose of securing the amount of the
unguaranteed portion of the loan that must be held by the Lender.
    Comment: One commenter requested that the Agency clarify whether or
not a Working Capital Lender may secure a senior lien position on
inventory and accounts receivables and also have senior payment rights
with respect to the proceeds of the sale of that Collateral.
    Response: The subsequent interim rule allows a Working Capital
Lender to take a senior lien position on inventory and accounts
receivables. The financial structure of the Project is under the
discretion of the Lender and submitted to the Agency for review. If the
Lender chooses to allow another banking institution to secure a lien on
inventory and accounts receivables in exchange for Working Capital, it
is permissible, provided that all Collateral requirements for the
Agency guaranteed loan are met.

G. Tax Exempt Financing

Comment: One commenter recommended allowing tax exempt financing to
fund the unguaranteed portion of the loan.
    Response: OMB Circular A-129, Policies for Federal Credit Programs
and Non-Tax Receivables, precludes adopting the commenter's suggestion.

H. Sale or Assignment

Comment: One commenter recommended allowing the sale or assignment
of a portion of the guarantee to subsidiaries or Affiliates under
certain conditions.
    Response: It is the Agency's position that allowing the sale or
assignment of a portion of the guarantee to subsidiaries or Affiliates
constitutes a Conflict of Interest. In some servicing actions, such as
changing loan terms and Interest rate reductions, the Holder of
portions of the guaranteed loan would have to approve the modification.
The Agency's concern is that allowing subsidiaries or Affiliates to
have control over loan modifications that they have a direct benefit in
constitutes a Conflict of Interest. To avoid any appearance of a
Conflict of Interest, the subsequent interim rule prohibits the sale or
assignment of any portion of the guaranteed loan to the Borrower or its
parent, subsidiary or Affiliate or to officers, directors,
stockholders, other owners, or members of their Immediate Families.

I. Bonds

Comment: One commenter stated that any Agency required debt service
reserve funds should not be viewed as Collateral for Bonds but rather
as an accommodation to the bond market and that the proceeds of the
sale of the Bonds should be permitted to be used to fund the debt
service reserve funds thus making them Eligible Project Costs.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenter. The subsequent
interim rule allows for the use of guaranteed loan or Bond proceeds to
be used to fund a debt service reserve account, if the Lender deems it
necessary. The Agency reserves the right to require a debt service
reserve on all Projects.

J. Collateral

Comment: One commenter stated that USDA should include assets
acquired with other Federal funds on which the Lender is require to
have first lien in the definition of Collateral in determining the
value of Collateral, including loan-to-value calculations and net worth
covenants.
    Response: The Agency agrees with the commenter and has modified the
rule accordingly. The subsequent interim rule does not require that
assets acquired with Federal funds be excluded from the total value of
Collateral. Under the Program, the onus is on the Lender to obtain and
maintain proper and adequate Collateral to protect the interest of the
Lender, the Holder, and the Agency.

K. Eligible Project Costs

Comment: One commenter requested a clarification whether or not the
following are considered Eligible Project Costs: capitalized Interest,
cost of financing, overhead expenditures of the Borrower related
directly to a Project, development fees, license fees, third party
engineering costs and other expenses such as rail lines, roads, and
electric power lines.
    Response: All of the expenses listed by the commenter, except for
development fees, would be considered Eligible Project Costs.

L. Credit Assessment

Comment: One commenter recommended requiring a credit assessment on
loans larger than $125 million rather than requiring a credit rating,
which has significantly higher costs.
    Response: The Agency has removed the requirement for a credit
rating from all applicants for loans of $125 million and more and will
require an evaluation and rating only for applicants selected for Phase
2 applications. The Agency is requiring an evaluation and rating of the
total Project's indebtedness, without consideration for a government
guarantee, from a nationally-recognized statistical rating organization
(NRSRO), as defined by the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission, for
all Projects with total Eligible Project Costs of $25 million
submitting phase 2 applications. An updated rating may be required at
the Agency's discretion if changes are subsequently made to the Project
including changes to any contracts and agreements or changes to loan
terms and conditions.

M. Surety

Comment: One commenter recommended removing the requirement that
surety be secured on work to be completed.
    Response: The Agency disagrees with the commenter. The commenter
claims that the types of Projects in the Program will not be able to
meet that requirement because these Projects are first-of-a-kind
technology Projects where contractors will not accept the risk of a
lump sum fixed price contract. Based on the Projects submitted to the
Agency for review thus far, the majority have fixed price engineering,
procurement and construction contracts, and many have wraps on the
individual processes that constitute the Project. The rule specifies
that Surety, as the term is commonly used in the industry, will be
required. The Borrower must have either 100 percent performance/payment
bonds on the contractors or a guarantee from a creditworthy parent
entity or an alternative acceptable to the Lender and the Agency and
must be secured. The bonding agent must be listed on Treasury Circular
570.

VI. Section-By-Section Discussion

This section presents, in brief, substantive changes and notable
clarifications to the rule on a section-by-section basis. In developing
the stand-alone rule, many existing provisions have been relocated to
different places in the rule. Such relocations are not identified in
the following discussion because the requirement itself has not
changed.

A. 7 CFR Part 4279, Subpart C

Purpose and scope (Sec.  4279.201)
    The Agency modified this section to reflect expansion of the
Program as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions to address
Renewable Chemicals and

[[Page 36420]]

Biobased Product Manufacturing and to reflect more directly the
authorizing language establishing the Program.
Definitions and abbreviations (Sec.  4279.202)
    The Agency deleted terms that are no longer used within the rule.
The Agency also added terms to, in part, incorporate changes in
response to the 2014 Farm Bill and make improvements to the
administration of the Program. Added terms include, but are not limited
to:
     Annual Renewal Fee
     Biobased Product Manufacturing
     Bond
     Commercial-Scale
     Conflict of Interest
     Delinquency
     Good cause
     Grossly Negligent Loan Origination
     Grossly Negligent Loan Servicing
     In-house Expenses
     Interest termination date
     Liquidation Expenses
     Loan Packager
     Loan Service Provider
     Local Government
     Person
     Public Body
     Renewable Chemical
     Technologically New
     Well Capitalized
Exception authority (Sec.  4279.203)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Appeals (Sec.  4279.204)
    The Agency provided additional examples and clarifications to this
section, including reference to ``adverse'' decisions, but did not make
any other substantive changes.
Prohibition under Agency programs (Sec.  4279.205)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
The Agency removed the prohibition of assistance to Government
employees and active military personnel who are directors or officers
or have an ownership interest of 20 percent or more in the business
from being eligible applicants. While this change has the potential to
increase the pool of applicants, the Agency expects the actual impact
to be minimal.
Agency representation (Sec.  4279.206)
    The Agency added this new section to ensure that in any litigation
case in which the Agency is named a party the Agency has the right to
be represented by the U.S. Department of Justice.
Lender eligibility requirements (Sec.  4279.208)
    The Agency replaced the specific Lender capital requirements with a
cross-reference to FDIC's definition of ``Well Capitalized.'' This
modification, however, does not change the actual capital requirements.
    The Agency also supplemented when Lenders must notify the Agency
when under a ``cease-and-desist order'' with ``or other similar
constraint, from a Federal agency'' to cover instances where different
terminology is used.
    In addition, insurance companies regulated by a State or National
insurance regulatory agency are no longer eligible for the Program.
Borrower eligibility requirements (Sec.  4279.209)
    The Agency did not make any changes to this section.
Project eligibility requirements (Sec.  4279.210)
    The Agency made a number of changes to this section including:
     Requiring that the Borrower and other principals involved
in the Project make a significant equity investment in the Project in
the form of cash contribution, with the specific amount of equity
required determined by the Agency on a project-by-project basis based
on its credit evaluation;
     Incorporating requirements associated with the 2014 Farm
Bill provisions for Renewable Chemicals and Biobased Product
manufacturing.
     Removing the provisions associated with the requirement
that the majority of the Biorefinery production must be an Advanced
Biofuel.
     Removing the paragraph addressing eligible feedstock.
Feedstock is addressed in the definitions of ``Advanced Biofuel'',
``Biorefinery'', and ``Renewable Biomass.''
     Clarifying Eligible Project Costs include an integrated
demonstration unit under certain circumstances, professional services,
necessary insurance and bonds, financing fees and costs, and cash
reserve accounts.
     Incorporating ineligible project costs into this section.
Changes include reducing/simplifying the identified ineligible purposes
to only those costs that are most applicable to the Program; clarifying
processing of corn kernel starch into biofuel is ineligible; and
payments in excess of actual costs incurred by the contractor are
ineligible under certain conditions. The absence of other ineligible
loan purposes or project costs that are incorporated by reference under
the current interim rule does not mean that they are now eligible.
General functions and responsibilities (Sec.  4279.214)
    The Agency made three substantive changes in this section:
     Clarifying the Lender's responsibility when contracting
with third parties and when relying on information from qualified third
parties.
     Prohibiting agents and Persons from acting as both Loan
Packager and Loan Service Provider on the same guaranteed loan. This
implements a best practice.
     Requiring the keeping of a Collateral inventory by the
Lender. This implements a best practice that a reasonable Lender should
be doing as part of its normal business practice.
Credit evaluation (Sec.  4279.215)
    The Agency revised this section based on experience administering
the Program (as discussed earlier in Section III, Background.)
Environmental responsibilities (Sec.  4279.216)
    The Agency changed the role of the Lender from helping the Borrower
complete Form RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental Information,'' to
ensuring that the Borrower has provided the environmental assessment.
Oversight and monitoring (Sec.  4279.217)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
General conditions of guarantee (Sec.  4279.220)
    The Agency made two primary modifications to this section. First,
the Lender may request a change in the standard from ``negligent'' to
``grossly negligent'' for Loan Origination and Loan Servicing. The
Agency will make this change on a case-by-case basis and only when the
Lender can demonstrate to the Agency's satisfaction that changing to a
``gross negligence'' standard will not materially impair the Agency's
interests, determined solely at the Agency's discretion. The subsequent
interim rule identifies several additional conditions that must be met
for the Agency to grant such a request.
    Second, the Agency instituted a limitation on the period of time
over which accrued Interest would be covered by the Loan Note
Guarantee. If the Lender owns all or a portion of the guaranteed
interest in the guaranteed loan or make a Protective Advance, the Loan
Note Guarantee will not cover interest to the Lender accruing after 90
days from the most recent Delinquency effect date as reported by the
Lender. If the guaranteed loan has one or more Holders, the Loan Note
Guarantee will

[[Page 36421]]

not cover interest to the Holder(s) accruing after the greater of 90
days from the most recent Delinquency effect date as reported by the
Lender or 30 days from the date the Lender or the Agency sends an
interest termination letter to the Holder(s). These conditions are
found in the definition of Interest Termination Date.
Rights and liabilities (Sec.  4279.221)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Payments (Sec.  4279.222)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan (Sec.  4279.223)
    The Agency made a number of clarifications to this section to
ensure Lenders know how the process works.
    The Agency modified provisions associated with the multi-note
option. The Agency removed limits on the number of notes that can be
issued under the multi-note option. The Agency also removed the
provision that allowed the Lender to issue a new series of notes when a
loan is closed using the multi-note option and additional notes are
desired at a later date.
Minimum retention (Sec.  4279.224)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Repurchase from Holder (Sec.  4279.225)
    The Agency replaced the current provisions associated with the
accrued Interest that the guarantee will cover with the provisions
described above under Sec.  4279.220 and the Interest Termination Date
definition and now addresses these provisions in paragraphs (b)(3)
through (5) of the section.
    The Agency clarified that if the Agency repurchases 100 percent of
the guaranteed portion of the loan, the Agency will not continue
collection of the Annual Renewal Fee from the Lender.
    The Agency also made a number of clarifications to ensure Holders
know how the repurchase process works.
Replacement of document (Sec.  4279.226)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Equal Credit Opportunity Act (Sec.  4279.227)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Fees (Sec.  4279.231)
    The Agency changed the basis for calculating the guarantee fee and
Annual Renewal Fee from ``Total Project Costs'' to ``total Eligible
Project Costs.''
Guaranteed loan funding (Sec.  4279.232)
    The Agency simplified and clarified the text describing the maximum
amount of loan a Project is eligible for and changed reference from
``equity'' to ``non-Federal sources.''
    In cases requesting 90 percent guarantee rate, the Agency restated
the requirement for ``equity of 40 percent'' to ``total Federal
participation . . . not be greater than 60 percent of total Eligible
Project Costs.'' The Agency also replaced the requirement of the
Collateral coverage ratio with a provision limiting tax credits, carbon
credits and other subsidies to 10 percent of the Project's total
revenue on an annual basis in the Borrower's base case of financial
projections.
Interest rates (Sec.  4279.233)
    The Agency removed the requirement that the Interest rate on the
unguaranteed portion of the loan cannot exceed the rate on the
guaranteed portion of the loan by more than 500 basis points.
    The Agency also modified the section to remove redundancies.
Terms of Loan (Sec.  4279.234)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Collateral (Sec.  4279.235)
    The Agency restated the Collateral requirement to reflect the
revised standards resulting from the Agency's experience administering
the Program.
Insurance (Sec.  4279.243)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Appraisals (Sec.  4279.244)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     A clarification removed reference to a complete self-
contained appraisal and now requiring the appraisal must be reported in
a manner that summarizes all of the information necessary for the
intended users to understand the report and contain all information
pertinent to the appraiser's opinions and conclusions.
     Clarifying that documentation is included showing that the
appraiser has the necessary experience and competency to appraise the
property in question.
     Adding a requirement that appraisals not be more than 1
year old and that a more recent appraisal may be required by the Agency
in order to reflect more current market conditions.
     For loan servicing purposes, updating to an appraisal may
be acceptable in lieu of a completely new appraisal when the original
appraisal is between one and two years old.
     Clarifying the requirements on what appraisals need to
conform to.
     Adding a requirement for Lender to submit its technical
review of the appraisal.
     For construction Projects, requiring the use of the ``as
completed'' Market Value of the real estate to determine the value of
the real estate.
Personal and corporate guarantees (Sec.  4279.245)
    The Agency revised the conditions under which owners may be
exempted, in part or in full, from providing guarantees.
Construction planning and performing development (Sec.  4279.256)
    The Agency is clarifying a number of provisions associated with
this section including:
     Lenders may contract for services and may rely on certain
written materials and other reports provided by independent engineers
or other qualified third parties;
     Borrowers must have either 100 percent performance/payment
bonds on the contractors or a guarantee from a creditworthy parent
entity or an alternative acceptable to the Lender and the Agency and
must be secured;
     Lender requirements prior to the disbursement of
construction funds (e.g., having on file major drawings and a detailed
timetable for the Project, requiring the Borrower to have contingencies
in place for handling unforeseen cost overruns);
     The contents of monthly construction reports and quarterly
progress reports submitted by the Lender to the Agency; and
     Once construction is completed, final permits and
accounting of project funds.
    The Agency is requiring Lenders to expeditiously report any
problems in Project development to the Agency and to provide the Agency
with a copy of the Notice of Completion when construction has been
completed.
Borrower responsibilities (Sec.  4279.259)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Guarantee applications--general (Sec.  4279.260)
    The Agency added a requirement that the Lender or Borrower must
submit to the Agency a non-binding letter of intent to apply for loan
guarantee not

[[Page 36422]]

less than 30 calendar days prior to the application deadline.
    The Agency revised the application deadlines from November 1 and
May 1 to October 1 and April 1, respectively.
    The Agency clarified how application revisions submitted after the
application deadline may impact the processing of the application and
added ``ownership structure'' as a type of revision the Lender must
report to the Agency.
Application for loan guarantee content (Sec.  4279.261)
    The Agency revised the application process to a two-phase
application (see Section IV.B.1). The Agency will use Phase 1
application information to determine Lender, Borrower, Project
eligibility, economic and technical feasibility, and application
priority score. Phase 2 application materials will be submitted as the
Project planning and engineering develops and is finalized.
    As noted earlier, the Agency is revising the requirement for a
Borrower to obtain an evaluation and either a credit rating or credit
assessment for loan requests of $125 million or greater to requiring
only Phase 2 applicants to obtain an evaluation and rating for Projects
with total Eligible Project Costs of $25 million or greater. In
addition to the evaluation and rating from a nationally recognized
statistical rating organization, the Agency is also using its own
credit evaluation (see Sec.  4279.215(b)) to conduct its ``assessment
of the credit-worthiness of a security or money market instrument.''
The Agency has determined that these provisions are not in conflict
with section 939A(b) of Pub. L. 111-203 (Dodd Frank).
    The Agency also expanded the application requirements from
submittal of the required environmental information to include
submittal of an environmental analysis that meets the policies and
requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act and the Agency.
In addition, the Agency added to the resource assessment content a
requirement to address methods and systems to prevent the spread of
invasive species.
Guarantee application processing (Sec.  4279.265)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Making conforming changes to remove reference to the
financial metric criteria that are no longer part of the rule.
     Replacing reference to ``technical merit'' with
``technical and economic feasibility'' to align with the authorizing
statute.
     Adding that the economic feasibility of the Project will
be based on the Agency's analysis of the Feasibility Study, the
Lender's credit evaluation, and other application materials.
     Deleting the three financial metric criteria for the
Borrower and replaced with consideration of the Project's economic
feasibility.
     For those Projects utilizing a technology that does not
have a history of successful utilization in a Commercial-Scale
operation of a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced Biofuel, requiring
the evaluation of technical feasibility to include evidence
demonstrating 120 days of continuous, steady state production from an
integrated demonstration unit.
Guarantee application scoring (Sec.  4279.266)
    The Agency made numerous changes and clarifications to this
section, including:
     Revising the scoring criterion whether the Borrower has
established a market for the Biofuel and Byproducts to evaluate the
degree of commitment of Off-Take Agreements, duration of the Off-Take
Agreements, financial strength of the off-take counterparty and
dependency on subsidies. Total maximum points are increased from 10 to
20.
     Revising the scoring criterion whether the Borrower is
proposing to use a feedstock not previously used in the production of
Advanced Biofuels by reducing the total maximum points from 15 to 10.
     Revising the scoring criterion regarding working with
cooperatives to simplify distribution of points.
     Revising the scoring criteria regarding the level of
financial participation by the Borrower by changing the metric from
debt-to-tangible net worth ratio to Federal participation as a
percentage of total Eligible Project Costs. Total maximum points are
increased from 15 to 20.
     Revising the scoring criteria whether the Borrower can
establish that, if adopted, the Biofuels production technology proposed
in the application will not have any economically significant negative
impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities that use
similar feedstocks by reducing the total maximum points from 10 to 5
points.
     Revising the scoring criterion regarding the potential for
Rural economic development by adding points if the majority of
feedstock to be utilized by the Project, on an annual basis, is
harvested from the land and by increasing total maximum points from 10
to 20 points.
     Adding Administrator discretionary points to ensure, to
the extent practical, there is diversity in the types of Projects
approved for loan guarantees to ensure as wide a range as possible of
technologies, products, and approaches are assisted in the Program's
portfolio.
     Clarifying that the Agency will award points on the basis
of its review and analysis of all application materials.
Selecting guarantee applications (Sec.  4279.267)
    The Agency added text to explain that procedures for selecting
Biobased Product Manufacturing Projects will be identified in a Federal
Register notice.
    With the change in the application deadlines and with the
implementation of the two-phase application process (see Sec.  4279.260
above), the Agency revised the dates by which the Agency expects to
rank applications each year.
    The Agency also made conforming changes to accommodate the two-
phase application process.
Loan approval and obligating funds (Sec.  4279.278)
    The Agency clarified the procedures on how the Agency will handle
Conditional Commitments and any changes thereto, including that changes
must be for Good Cause. The Agency is also making clear that the
Borrower must comply with all Federal requirements then in effect for
receiving Federal assistance.
Transfer of Lenders (Sec.  4279.279)
    The Agency clarified the specifics on how the Agency will handle
the transfer of Lenders, which reflects current policy.
Changes in Borrowers (Sec.  4279.280)
    The Agency did not make any changes to this section.
Conditions precedent to issuance of Loan Note Guarantee (Sec.
4279.281)
    The Agency made explicit all of the forms and documents needed at
or immediately after loan closing to include the following:
     Copy of the executed Promissory Note(s);
     Copy of the executed Loan Agreement;
     Copy of the executed settlement statement and updated
source and use statement including all Project funding;
     Original, executed ``Unconditional Guarantee'' forms, as
appropriate;
     Borrower's loan closing balance sheet; and

[[Page 36423]]

Any other documents required to comply with applicable law
or required by the Conditional Commitment or the Agency.
    The Agency reduced the number of certifications required and
removed redundancy in the certifications being required.
    In the certification regarding the Borrower or its officers,
directors, stockholders, or other owners having an ownership interest
in the Lender, the Agency replaced ``substantial financial interest''
with ``more than a 5 percent ownership interest in the Lender.''
Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee (Sec.  4279.283)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.
Requirements after Project construction (Sec.  4279.290)
    The Agency made conforming changes to accommodate the inclusion of
Renewable Chemicals and Biobased Product Manufacturing.

B. 7 CFR Part 4287, Subpart D

Introduction (Sec.  4287.301)
    The Agency clarified that all loan servicing actions under this
subpart, except for certain specific actions, are subject to Agency
concurrence and that, whenever Agency approval is required, the
servicing action must be for Good Cause.
Definitions (Sec.  4287.302)
    As discussed above, the definitions in Sec.  4279.202 apply for
terms applicable to this subpart.
Exception authority (Sec.  4287.303)
    The Agency did not make any changes to this section.
Appeals (Sec.  4287.306)
    The Agency made edits to clarify what is appealable versus
reviewable. In addition, the Agency expanded the provisions to reflect
current practice.
Servicing (Sec.  4287.307)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Clarifying that while the Lender may contract with third
parties and rely on information from qualified third parties that the
Lender is solely responsible for servicing the loan.
     Adding additional examples of servicing responsibilities.
     Requiring Lenders to submit monthly Default reports.
     Revising the timeframes for submitting financial
statements.
     Requiring the written summary provided by the Lender to
include any violations of loan covenants and covenant waivers proposed
by the Lender and any routine servicing actions performed.
     Updating the audit requirements to conform to 2 CFR part
200, subpart F and including Indian Tribes as being subject to the
audit requirements.
     Clarifying, as a conforming change, that the guarantee is
unenforceable under either negligent loan servicing or grossly
negligent loan servicing as established in the Loan Note Guarantee.
Interest rate changes (Sec.  4287.312)
    All increases in interest rates must be for Good Cause. The Agency
did not make any other substantive changes to this section.
Release of Collateral (Sec.  4287.313)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Clarifying that working assets can be released for routine
business purposes without prior concurrence of the Agency when the loan
is in good standing.
     Summarizing appraisal requirements.
     Requiring justifications and conditions for release of
Collateral to include: applying the Collateral sold to Borrower debt,
using net proceeds to purchase other Collateral of equal or greater
value, and applying the proceeds to the business operations. Assurance
that the release of Collateral is essential for the success of the
business must be provided by the Lender.
Subordination of Lien Position (Sec.  4287.323)
    The Agency made several changes to this section, including:
     Removing the limitation concerning the Subordination to a
revolving line of credit cannot exceed one year.
     Replacing the requirement for adequate consideration for
the Subordination with the requirement that the Subordination must be
in the best financial interest of the Agency.
     Removing the provision prohibiting a Subordination from
extending beyond the term of the guaranteed loan because a
Subordination deals solely with the lien position on joint Collateral
and does not address the term of the guaranteed loan.
     Requiring the Lender's Subordination proposal to include a
financial analysis of the servicing action and be fully supported by
current financial statements.
     Allowing a Subordination on accounts receivables and
inventory to a line of credit.
     Providing the Agency the discretion to require an
appraisal of Collateral assuring proper Collateral coverage.
     Providing the Agency the ability to deny Subordinations of
the Lender's lien position for good cause.
Alterations of Loan Instruments (Sec.  4287.324)
    The Agency did not make any changes to this section.
Transfer and Assumption (Sec.  4287.334)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Clarifying that a Transfer and Assumption of the
Borrower's operation can take place either before or after the loan
goes into liquidation.
     Prohibiting a Transfer and Assumption if Borrower
Collateral has been purchased through foreclosure or the Borrower has
conveyed title to the Lender.
     Providing Agency discretion as to when personal or
corporate guarantees are required and whether the guarantees will be
full or partial.
     Requiring that any new loan terms must also be for Good
Cause.
     Adding a provision that the Agency will not approve any
change in terms that results in an increase in the cost of the loan
guarantee, except for good cause and only if the change otherwise
conforms to applicable regulations.
     As one of the conditions for a release of liability,
requiring that all of the loan Collateral is transferred to the
transferee if the transferee is assuming the full amount of loan.
     If the proposed Transfer and Assumption is for less than
the full amount of the Agency guaranteed loan, requiring an appraisal
and limiting the appraised value of the Collateral to not less than the
amount of the assumption.
     Requiring a legal opinion to accompany each request for a
Transfer and Assumption.
     Prohibiting the issuance of new Promissory Notes to the
transferee.
     Requiring a legal opinion that, upon its execution, the
Transfer and Assumption is completed, valid, and enforceable and a
certification that the Transfer and Assumption is consistent with the
Agency's approved conditions for the transfer.
     Adding a requirement that, when the transfer and
transferee are Affiliates or related parties, the Transfer and
Assumption must be to an eligible Borrower and must continue the
Project for eligible purposes as well as be for the full amount of the
guaranteed loan indebtedness.
     Providing a description of the calculation of the transfer
fee.

[[Page 36424]]

Removing, with regard to change in control of the
Borrower, reference to ``change of control means the merger of the
borrower, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
borrower, or the sale of more than 25 percent of the stock or other
equity interest of either the borrower or its corporate parent.''
Substitution of Lender (Sec.  4287.335)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Requiring the Lender to transfer the original Promissory
Note and loan security documents to the new Lender, who must agree to
the current loan terms.
     Adding additional procedures to be followed when there is
a substitution of Lender.
     Requiring the request for a substitute Lender to be from
the Borrower, the proposed substitute, and the original Lender if still
in existence.
     Clarifying that where a Lender has been merged with or
acquired by another Lender, the new Lender must execute a new Lender's
Agreement unless the new Lender already has a valid Lender's Agreement
with the Agency.
Lender Failure (Sec.  4287.336)
    The Agency added this new section to address procedures when a
Lender fails.
    The acquiring Lender must take such action that a reasonable Lender
would take if it did not have a Loan Note Guarantee.
Default by Borrower (Sec.  4287.345)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Clarifying Lender duties in the event of a loss, including
acting reasonably, working with the Borrower to cure the Default, and
minimizing potential loss in the case of liquidation.
     Requiring monthly (rather than every other month) reports
while the loan is still in Default.
     Removing reference to subsequent loan guarantees as a
servicing option.
     Prohibiting capitalization of accrued Interest.
     Allowing balloon payments as a servicing option under
certain conditions.
     Prohibiting the Lender from claiming Default or penalty
Interest, late payment fees, and Interest-on-Interest when there is a
loss or repurchase.
     Prohibiting debt write-down by the Lender where the Lender
will continue with the Project loan, except as directed or ordered by a
final court order.
     In instances of a loss, not allowing the guarantee to
cover any accrued Interest in accordance with the Interest Termination
Date as discussed earlier under Sec.  4279.220.
Protective Advances (Sec.  4287.356)
    The Agency made several changes and clarifications to this section,
including:
     Clarifying that Protective Advance claims are paid only at
the time of the final loss payment.
     Not allowing the guarantee to cover Interest on the
Protective Advance accruing after the Interest Termination Date as
discussed earlier under Sec.  4279.220.
     Revising the cumulative total of Protective Advances for
which Agency authorization is required from ``$100,000'' to ``$200,000
or 10 percent of the outstanding principal, whichever is less.''
Liquidation (Sec.  4287.357)
    The Agency made a number of changes and clarifications to this
section, including:
     Clarifying that when the decision to liquidate is made, if
any portion of the loan has been sold or assigned, provisions will be
made for repurchase.
     Explaining more clearly how the Agency will handle the
Lender's liquidation plan, including its approval and the resolution of
any Agency concerns.
     Requiring the Lender to take such actions that a
reasonable Lender would take without a guarantee and to keep the Agency
informed of such actions.
     Allowing a liquidation plan to be submitted with an
estimate of Collateral value with Agency approval subject to the
results of the final liquidation appraisal.
     Requiring the Lender to notify the Agency of any changes
and updates (e.g., change in value based on the liquidation appraisal)
in the liquidation plan.
     Clarifying provisions regarding protective bids.
     Explaining when Agency approval is or is not required for
acceleration.
     Limiting the accrual of Interest in accordance in the
Interest Termination Date as discussed earlier under Sec.  4279.220.
     Explaining more clearly the process for compromise
settlements.
     Spelling out the responsibilities of the Lender during
litigation proceedings.
Determination of Loss and Payment (Sec.  4287.358)
    The Agency made a number of changes and clarifications to this
section, including:
     Prohibiting the estimated loss payment from being used to
reduce the unpaid balance owed by the Borrower.
     Revising the time period that the Agency will not
guarantee accrued Interest in accordance with the Interest Termination
Date as discussed earlier under Sec.  4279.220.
     Allowing the Agency to consider a compromise settlement of
Federal Debt after it has processed a final ``Guaranteed Loan Report of
Loss'' and issued a 60 day due process letter.
     Prohibiting the sharing of any funds collected on Federal
Debt with the Lender.
     Expanding the provision for the consideration of
Liquidation Expenses to include:
    [cir] Prohibiting the Lender from claiming any Liquidation Expenses
in excess of liquidation proceeds.
    [cir] Requiring Agency approval of any changes to the Liquidation
Expenses that exceed 10 percent of the amount proposed in the
liquidation plan.
    [cir] Sharing equally between the Lender and Agency reasonable
attorney/legal expense.
    [cir] Prohibiting the guarantee fee and annual renewal fee as an
authorized Liquidation Expense.
Future Recovery (Sec.  4287.369)
    The Agency revised this section to require the Lender, after the
final loss claim has been paid, to use reasonable efforts to attempt
collection from any party still liable on the guaranteed loan. Any net
proceeds from that effort must be split Pro Rata between the Lender and
the Agency based on the original amount of the loan guarantee.
Bankruptcy (Sec.  4287.370)
    The Agency made a number of changes and clarifications to this
section, including:
     Requiring Lenders to monitor bankruptcy plans to determine
Borrower compliance and, if the Borrower fails to comply, pursue
appropriate relief.
     Requiring Lenders to submit a Default status report within
15 days after the date the Borrower Defaults and every 30 days
thereafter until the Default is resolved or a final loss claim is paid
by the Agency. The Default status report will be used to inform the
Agency of the bankruptcy filing, the plan confirmation date, when the
plan is complete, and when the Borrower is not in compliance with the
plan.
     Requiring the Lender to request a bankruptcy loss payment
of the guaranteed portion of the accrued Interest and principal
discharged by the court for all bankruptcies when all or a portion of
the debt has been discharged.

[[Page 36425]]

Allowing only one bankruptcy loss payment during the
bankruptcy proceeding unless the Bankruptcy Court approves a subsequent
change to the bankruptcy plan.
     Requiring the Lender to use the Guaranteed Loan Report of
Loss form to request a bankruptcy loss payment or to revise any
bankruptcy loss payments.
     Revising when Protective Advances can be payable under the
guarantee in the final loss claim and what kinds of expenses can be
considered Liquidation Expenses.
     Expanding the types of expenses incurred during bankruptcy
proceedings beyond just legal expenses and how those expenses will be
treated.
Termination of Guarantee (Sec.  4287.380)
    The Agency did not make any substantive changes to this section.

VII. Invitation To Comment

RD encourages interested persons and organizations to submit
written comments, which may include data, suggestions, or opinions.
Commenters should include their name, address, and other appropriate
contact information. If persons with disabilities (e.g., deaf, hard of
hearing, or have speech difficulties) require an alternative means of
receiving this notice (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape) in order
to submit comments, please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-
2600 (voice and TDD).
    Comments may be submitted by any of the means identified in the
ADDRESSES section. If comments are submitted by mail or hand delivery,
they should be submitted in an unbound format, no larger than letter-
size, suitable for copying and electronic filing. If confirmation of
receipt is requested, a stamped, self-addressed, postcard or envelope
should be enclosed. RD will consider all comments received during the
comment period and will address comments in the preamble to the final
rule.

List of Subjects for 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287

Loan programs--Business and industry, Loan programs--Rural
development assistance, Economic development, Energy, Direct loan
programs, Grant programs, Guaranteed loan programs, Renewable energy
systems, Energy efficiency improvements, Rural areas.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, parts 4279 and 4287 of
title 7 of the Code of Federal Regulations are amended as follows:

PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING

0
1. The authority citation for part 4279 is revised to read as follows:

Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

0
2. Revise subpart C to read as follows:
Subpart C--Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Loans

General

Sec.
4279.201 Purpose and scope.
4279.202 Definitions and abbreviations.
4279.203 Exception authority.
4279.204 Appeals.
4279.205 Prohibition under Agency programs.
4279.206 Agency representation.
4279.207 [Reserved]

Eligibility Requirements

4279.208 Lender eligibility requirements.
4279.209 Borrower eligibility requirements.
4279.210 Project eligibility requirements.
4279.211-4279.213 [Reserved]

Lender Functions and Responsibilities

4279.214 General functions and responsibilities.
4279.215 Credit evaluation.
4279.216 Environmental responsibilities.
4279.217 Oversight and monitoring.
4279.218-4279.219 [Reserved]

Conditions of Guarantee

4279.220 General conditions of guarantee.
4279.221 Rights and liabilities.
4279.222 Payments.
4279.223 Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.
4279.224 Minimum retention.
4279.225 Repurchase from Holder.
4279.226 Replacement of document.
4279.227 Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
4279.228-4279.230 [Reserved]

Loan Processing

4279.231 Fees.
4279.232 Guaranteed loan funding.
4279.233 Interest rates.
4279.234 Terms of loan.
4279.235 Collateral.
4279.236-4279.242 [Reserved]
4279.243 Insurance.
4279.244 Appraisals.
4279.245 Personal and corporate guarantees.
4279.246-4279.255 [Reserved]
4279.256 Construction planning and performing development.
4279.257-4279.258 [Reserved]
4279.259 Borrower responsibilities.

Applications

4279.260 Guarantee applications--general.
4279.261 Application for loan guarantee content.
4279.262-4279.264 [Reserved]
4279.265 Guarantee application processing.
4279.266 Guarantee application scoring.
4279.267 Selecting guarantee applications.
4279.268-4279.277 [Reserved]
4279.278 Loan approval and obligating funds.
4279.279 Transfer of Lenders.
4279.280 Changes in Borrowers.
4279.281 Conditions precedent to issuance of Loan Note Guarantee.
4279.282 [Reserved]
4279.283 Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.
4279.284-4279.289 [Reserved]
4279.290 Requirements after Project construction.
4279.291-4279.299 [Reserved]
4279.300 OMB control number.

Subpart C--Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Loans

General


Sec.  4279.201  Purpose and scope.

The purpose of the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manufacturing Program is to assist in the development of new
and emerging technologies for the development of Advanced Biofuels,
Renewable Chemicals, and Biobased Product Manufacturing. This is
achieved through guarantees for loans made to fund the development,
construction, and Retrofitting of Commercial-Scale Biorefineries using
Eligible Technology and of Biobased Product Manufacturing facilities
that use Technologically New Commercial-Scale processing and
manufacturing equipment and required facilities to convert Renewable
Chemicals and other biobased outputs of Biorefineries into end-user
products on a Commercial Scale.
    (a) This subpart and subpart D of part 4287 of this chapter contain
the regulations for this Program.
    (b) The Lender is responsible for ascertaining that all
requirements for making, securing, servicing, and collecting the loan
are complied with.
    (c) Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is
required, it must be in writing.
    (d) Copies of all forms, regulations, and instructions referenced
in this subpart are available in any Agency office and from the USDA
Rural Development Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program.
Whenever a form is designated in this
subpart, it is initially capitalized and its reference includes
predecessor and successor forms, if applicable.


Sec.  4279.202  Definitions and abbreviations.

Terms used in this subpart are defined in this section. Terms used
in this subpart that have the same meaning

[[Page 36426]]

as the terms defined in this section have been capitalized in this
subpart.
    Administrator. The Administrator of Rural Business-Cooperative
Service within the Rural Development mission area of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.
    Advanced biofuel. Fuel derived from Renewable Biomass, other than
corn kernel starch, to include:
    (1) Biofuel derived from cellulose, hemicellulose, or lignin;
    (2) Biofuel derived from sugar and starch (other than ethanol
derived from corn kernel starch);
    (3) Biofuel derived from waste material, including crop residue,
other vegetative waste material, animal waste, food waste, and yard
waste;
    (4) Diesel-equivalent fuel derived from Renewable Biomass,
including vegetable oil and animal fat;
    (5) Biogas (including landfill gas and sewage waste treatment gas)
produced through the conversion of organic matter from Renewable
Biomass;
    (6) Butanol or other alcohols produced through the conversion of
organic matter from Renewable Biomass; and
    (7) Other fuel derived from cellulosic biomass.
    Affiliate. An entity that is related to another entity by owning
shares or having an interest in the entity, by common ownership, or by
any means of control.
    Agency. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service or successor Agency
assigned by the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the Program.
References to the National or State Office should be read as prefaced
by ``Agency'' or ``Rural Development'' as applicable.
    Agricultural producer. An individual or entity directly engaged in
the production of agricultural products, including crops (including
farming); livestock (including ranching); forestry products;
hydroponics; nursery stock; or aquaculture, whereby 50 percent or
greater of their gross income is derived from the operations.
    Annual renewal fee. A fee that is paid once a year by the Lender
and is required to maintain the enforceability of the Loan Note
Guarantee.
    Arm's length transaction. A transaction between ready, willing, and
able disinterested parties that are not affiliated with or related to
each other and have no security, monetary, or stockholder interest in
each other.
    Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Form RD 4279-6, ``Assignment
Guarantee Agreement,'' is the signed agreement between the Agency, the
Lender, and the Holder containing the terms and conditions of an
assignment of a guaranteed portion of a loan, using the single
Promissory Note system.
    Association of Agricultural Producers. An organization that
represents Agricultural Producers and whose mission includes working on
behalf of such producers and the majority of whose membership and board
of directors is comprised of Agricultural Producers.
    BAP. Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program.
    Biobased product. A product determined by the Secretary to be a
commercial or industrial product (other than food or feed) that is
either:
    (1) Composed, in whole or in significant part, of biological
products, including renewable domestic agricultural materials and
forestry materials; or
    (2) An intermediate ingredient or feedstock.
    Biobased product manufacturing. The use of Technologically New
Commercial-Scale processing and manufacturing equipment and required
facilities to convert Renewable Chemicals and other biobased outputs of
Biorefineries into end-user products on a Commercial Scale.
    Biofuel. A fuel derived from Renewable Biomass.
    Biogas. Renewable Biomass converted to gaseous fuel.
    Biorefinery. A facility (including equipment and processes) that
converts Renewable Biomass into Biofuels and Biobased Products and may
produce electricity.
    Bond. A form of debt security in which the authorized issuer
(Borrower) owes the Bond holder (Lender) a debt and is obligated to
repay the principal and Interest (coupon) at a later date(s)
(maturity). An explanation of the type of Bond and other Bond
stipulations must be attached to the Bond issuance.
    Borrower. The Person that borrows, or seeks to borrow, money from
the Lender, including any party liable for the loan except for
guarantors.
    Byproduct. An incidental or secondary product generated under
normal operations of the proposed Project that can be reasonably
measured and monitored other than: Advanced Biofuel, Program-eligible
Biobased Products including Renewable Chemicals, and Program-eligible
end-user products produced by Biobased Product Manufacturing
facilities. Byproducts may or may not have a readily identifiable
commercial use or value.
    Calendar quarter. Four three-month periods in each calendar year as
follows:
    (1) Quarter 1 begins on January 1 and ends on March 31;
    (2) Quarter 2 begins on April 1 and ends on June 30;
    (3) Quarter 3 begins on July 1 and ends on September 30; and
    (4) Quarter 4 begins on October 1 and ends on December 31.
    Collateral. The asset(s) pledged by the Borrower to secure the
loan.
    Commercial-scale (commercial scale). An operation is considered to
be a Commercial-Scale operation if it demonstrates that its sole or
chief emphasis is on salability and profit and:
    (1) Its revenue will be sufficient to recover the full cost of the
Project over its expected life and result in an anticipated annual rate
of return sufficient to encourage investors or Lenders to provide
funding for the Project;
    (2) It will be able to operate profitably without public and
private sector subsidies upon completion of construction (volumetric
excise tax is not included as a subsidy);
    (3) Contracts for feedstock are adequate to address proposed off-
take; and
    (4) It has the ability to achieve market entry, suitable
infrastructure to transport product to its market is available, and the
technology and related products are generally competitive in the
market.
    Conditional Commitment. Form RD 4279-3, ``Conditional Commitment,''
is the Agency's notice to the Lender that the loan guarantee it has
requested is approved subject to the completion of all conditions and
requirements set forth by the Agency and outlined in the attachment to
the Conditional Commitment.
    Conflict of interest. A situation in which a Person has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that prevents the Person
from acting impartially.
    Default. The condition that exists when a Borrower is not in
compliance with the Promissory Note, the Loan Agreement, security
documents, or other documents evidencing the loan. Default could be a
monetary or non-monetary Default.
    Deficiency judgment. A monetary judgment rendered by a court of
competent jurisdiction after foreclosure and liquidation of all
Collateral securing the loan.
    Delinquency. A loan for which a scheduled loan payment is more than
30 days past due and cannot be cured within 30 days.
    Eligible project costs. Those expenses approved by the Agency for
the Project as set forth in Sec.  4279.210(d) and do not

[[Page 36427]]

include the costs set forth in Sec.  4279.210(e).
    Eligible technology. The term ``Eligible technology'' means, as
determined by the Secretary:
    (1) A technology that is being adopted in a viable Commercial-Scale
operation of a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced Biofuel; or
    (2) A technology not described in paragraph (1) of this definition
that has been demonstrated to have Technical and Economic Potential for
commercial application in a Biorefinery that produces an Advanced
Biofuel.
    Fair market value. The price that could reasonably be expected for
an asset in an Arm's-Length Transaction between a willing buyer and a
willing seller under ordinary economic and business conditions.
    Farm cooperative. A business owned and controlled by Agricultural
Producers that is incorporated, or otherwise recognized by the State in
which it operates, as a cooperatively-operated business.
    Farmer Cooperative Organization. An organization whose membership
is composed of Farm Cooperatives.
    Feasibility study. An analysis by an independent qualified
consultant or consultants of the economic, market, technical,
financial, and management feasibility of a proposed Project or business
in terms of its expectation for success.
    Federal debt. Debt owed to the Federal government that is subject
to collection under the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, 31
U.S.C. 3701 et seq. Once the Agency determines a debt is Federal Debt
and provides notice to the Lender, that Federal Debt is excluded from
Future Recovery.
    Future recovery. Funds anticipated to be collected by the Lender
after a final loss claim is processed.
    Good cause. A justification representing a reasonable approach
given:
    (1) The reasonably available alternatives;
    (2) All known relevant factors;
    (3) Program requirements; and
    (4) The best interests of the government. Good cause must be
approved by the Agency. Without prior approval by the Agency,
alternatives that require the Agency to increase its guarantee, in
either the Conditional Commitment or Loan Note Guarantee (including an
increase of its subsidy costs under the Credit Reform Act of 1990), or
provide additional assistance, will not be considered reasonable
available alternatives under paragraph (1) of this definition or in the
best interests of the government under paragraph (4) of this
definition.
    Grossly negligent loan origination. A serious carelessness in
originating the loan which is so great as to appear to be conscious.
The term includes not only the concept of a failure to act, but also
not acting in a timely manner.
    Grossly negligent loan servicing. A serious carelessness in
servicing the loan which is so great as to appear to be conscious. The
term includes not only the concept of a failure to act, but also not
acting in a timely manner.
    Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss. Form RD 449-30, ``Guaranteed Loan
Report of Loss,'' used by Lenders when reporting a financial loss under
an Agency guarantee.
    Holder. A Person, other than the Lender, who owns all or part of
the guaranteed portion of the loan with no servicing responsibilities.
    Immediate family(ies). Individuals who live in the same household
or who are closely related by blood, marriage, or adoption, such as a
spouse, domestic partner, parent, child, sibling, aunt, uncle,
grandparent, grandchild, niece, nephew, or cousin.
    Indian tribe. This term has the meaning as defined in 25 U.S.C.
450b.
    In-house expenses. Expenses associated with activities that are
routinely the responsibility of a Lender's internal staff or its
agents. In-house expenses include, but are not limited to, employees'
salaries, staff lawyers, travel, and overhead.
    Institution of higher education. This term has the meaning as
defined in 20 U.S.C. 1002(a).
    Interest. A fee paid by a Borrower to a Lender as a form of
compensation for the use of money. When money is borrowed, Interest is
typically paid as a fee over a certain period of time (typically months
or years) to the Lender as percentage of the principal amount owed. The
term Interest does not include Default or penalty Interest or late
payment fees or charges.
    Interest Termination Date. The date on which no further interest
will be payable under the Loan Note Guarantee.
    (1) If the Lender owns all or a portion of the guaranteed interest
in the guaranteed loan or makes a Protective Advance, then the Loan
Note Guarantee will not cover Interest to the Lender accruing after 90
days from the most recent Delinquency effective date as reported by the
Lender.
    (2) If the guaranteed loan has a Holder(s), the Lender, or the
Agency, at its sole discretion, will issue an interest termination
letter to the Holder(s) establishing the termination date for Interest
accrual. The Loan Note Guarantee will not cover Interest to the
Holder(s) accruing after the greater of:
    (i) 90 days from the date of the most recent Delinquency effective
date as reported by the Lender or
    (ii) 30 days from the date of the interest termination letter.
    Lender. The entity approved, or seeking to be approved, by the
Agency to make, service, and collect the Agency guaranteed loan that is
subject to this subpart.
    Lender's Agreement. Form RD 4279-4, ``Lender's Agreement,'' or
predecessor form, between the Agency and the Lender setting forth the
Lender's loan responsibilities.
    Liquidation expenses. Costs directly associated with the
liquidation of Collateral, including preparing Collateral for sale
(e.g., repairs and transport) and conducting the sale (e.g.,
advertising, public notices, auctioneer expenses, and foreclosure
fees). Liquidation Expenses do not include In-House Expenses. Legal/
attorney fees are considered Liquidation Expenses provided that the
fees are reasonable, as determined by the Agency, and cover legal
issues pertaining to the liquidation that could not be properly handled
by the Lender and its in-house counsel.
    Loan agreement. The agreement between the Borrower and Lender
containing the terms and conditions of the loan and the
responsibilities of the Borrower and Lender.
    Loan classification. The process by which loans are examined and
categorized by degree of potential loss in the event of Default.
    Loan Note Guarantee. Form RD 4279-5, ``Loan Note Guarantee,'' or
predecessor form, issued and executed by the Agency containing the
terms and conditions of the guarantee.
    Loan packager. A Person, other than the applicant Borrower or
Lender, that prepares a loan application package.
    Loan service provider. A Person, other than the Lender of record,
that provides loan servicing activities to the Lender.
    Local government. A county, municipality, town, township, village,
or other unit of general government below the State level, or Indian
Tribe governments.
    Local owner. An individual who owns any portion of an eligible
Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within a certain
distance from the Biorefinery as specified by the Agency in a Notice
published in the Federal Register.
    Market value. The amount for which a property will sell for its
highest and best use at a voluntary sale in an Arm's Length
Transaction.

[[Page 36428]]

Material adverse change. Any change in circumstance associated with
a guaranteed loan, including the Borrower's financial condition or
Collateral that could be reasonably expected to jeopardize loan
performance.
    NAD. National Appeals Division, or successor agency, in the United
States Department of Agriculture.
    Negligent Loan Origination. The failure to perform those actions
which a reasonably prudent lender would perform in originating its own
portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The term includes not only
the concept of a failure to act but also acting in a manner contrary to
the manner in which a reasonably prudent lender would act.
    Negligent Loan Servicing. The failure to perform those services
which a reasonably prudent lender would perform in servicing (including
liquidation of) its own portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The
term includes not only the concept of a failure to act, but also not
acting in a timely manner, or acting in a manner contrary to the manner
in which a reasonably prudent lender would act.
    Off-take agreement. The terms and conditions governing the sale and
transportation of Biofuels, Biobased Products including Renewable
Chemicals, Biobased Product Manufacturing end-user products, and
electricity produced by the Borrower to another party.
    Parity. A lien position whereby two or more Lenders share a
security interest of equal priority in Collateral.
    Participate. Sale of an interest in a loan by the lead Lender to
one or more Lenders wherein the lead Lender retains the Promissory
Note, Collateral securing the Promissory Note, and all responsibility
for managing and servicing the loan. Participants are dependent upon
the lead Lender for protection of their interests in the loan.
    Person. An individual or entity.
    Program. Biorefinery Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program often abbreviated as BAP.
    Project. The facility or portion of a facility receiving funding
under this subpart.
    Pro rata. On a proportional basis.
    Promissory note. Evidence of debt with stipulated repayment terms.
``Note'' or ``Promissory Note'' shall also be construed to include
``Bond'' or other evidence of debt, where appropriate.
    Protective advance. An advance made by the Lender for the purpose
of preserving and protecting the Collateral where the Borrower has
failed to, and will not or cannot, meet its obligations to protect or
preserve Collateral. Protective advances include, but are not limited
to, advances affecting the Collateral made for property taxes, rent,
hazard and flood insurance premiums, and annual assessments. Legal/
attorney fees are not a Protective Advance. Holders do not have an
interest in Protective Advances.
    Public body. A municipality, county, or other political subdivision
of a State; a special purpose district; or an Indian Tribe on a Federal
or State reservation or other Federally-recognized Indian Tribe; or an
organization controlled by any of the above. A Local Government would
also be a Public Body.
    Renewable biomass. (1) Materials, pre-commercial thinnings, or
invasive species from National Forest System land or public lands (as
defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of
1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)) that:
    (i) Are byproducts of preventive treatments that are removed to
reduce hazardous fuels; to reduce or contain disease or insect
infestation; or to restore ecosystem health;
    (ii) Would not otherwise be used for higher-value products; and
    (iii) Are harvested in accordance with applicable law and land
management plans and the requirements for old-growth maintenance,
restoration, and management direction of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)
of subsection (e) of section 102 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act
of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6512) and large-tree retention of subsection (f) of
section 102; or
    (2) Any organic matter that is available on a renewable or
recurring basis from non-Federal land or land belonging to an Indian or
Indian Tribe that is held in trust by the United States or subject to a
restriction against alienation imposed by the United States, including:
    (i) Renewable plant material, including feed grains; other
agricultural commodities; other plants and trees; and algae; and
    (ii) Waste material, including crop residue; other vegetative waste
material (including wood waste and wood residues); animal waste and
byproducts (including fats, oils, greases, and manure); and food waste
and yard waste.
    Renewable chemical. A monomer, polymer, plastic, formulated
product, or chemical substance produced from Renewable Biomass.
    Retrofitting. The modification of a building or equipment to
incorporate functions not included in the original design.
    Rural Development. The mission area of USDA that is comprised of
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, and
Rural Utilities Service and is under the policy direction and
operational oversight of the Under Secretary for Rural Development.
    Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.
    Secretary. The Secretary of the Department of the Agriculture.
    Semi-work scale. A facility operating on a limited scale to provide
final tests of a product or process.
    Spreadsheet. A table containing data from a series of financial
statements of a business over a period of time. Financial statement
analysis normally contains Spreadsheets for balance sheet and income
statement items and includes a cash flow analysis and commonly used
ratios. The Spreadsheets enable a reviewer to easily scan the data,
spot trends, and make comparisons.
    State. Any of the 50 States of the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth
of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau, the Federated
States of Micronesia, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
    Subordination. The reduction of the Lender's lien priority on
certain assets pledged to secure payment of the guaranteed loan to a
position junior to, or on Parity with, the lien position of another
loan in order for the Borrower to obtain additional financing, not
guaranteed by the Agency, from the Lender or a third party.
    Technologically New. New or significantly improved equipment,
process or production method to deliver a product, or adoption of
equipment, process or production method to deliver a new or
significantly improved product, of which the first Commercial-Scale use
in the United States is within the last five years and is used in not
more than three Commercial-Scale facilities in the United States.
    Total project costs. The sum of all costs associated with a
completed Project.
    Transfer and assumption. The conveyance by a Borrower to an
assuming Borrower of the assets, Collateral, and liabilities of the
loan in return for the assuming Borrower's binding promise to pay the
outstanding loan debt approved by the Agency.
    USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection (LINC). The portal Web
site currently at https://usdalinc.sc.egov.usda.gov/ used by Lenders to
update loan data in the

[[Page 36429]]

Agency's Guaranteed Loan System. Current capabilities include loan
closing and status reporting.
    Well capitalized. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
requirements used to determine if a lending institution has enough
capital on hand to withstand negative effects in the market, and which
the Agency uses to determine Lender eligibility. The criteria are
specified in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and are currently at 12
CFR 325.103, or subsequent regulation.
    Working capital. Current assets available to support a business's
operations. Working Capital is calculated as current assets less
current liabilities.


Sec.  4279.203  Exception authority.

The Administrator may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
Agriculture, make an exception, on a case-by-case basis, to any
requirement or provision of this subpart that is not inconsistent with
any authorizing statute or applicable law, if the Administrator
determines that application of the requirement or provision would
adversely affect the Federal government's interest.


Sec.  4279.204  Appeals.

Borrowers, Lenders, and Holders have appeal or review rights for
adverse Agency decisions made under this subpart. Adverse programmatic
decisions based on clear and objective statutory or regulatory
requirements are not appealable; however, such decisions are reviewable
for appealability by the National Appeals Division (NAD). The Borrower,
Lender, and Holder can appeal any Agency decision that directly and
adversely impacts them. For an adverse decision that impacts the
Borrower, the Lender and Borrower must jointly execute a written
request for appeal for an alleged adverse decision made by the Agency.
An adverse decision that only impacts the Lender may be appealed by the
Lender only. An adverse decision that only impacts the Holder may be
appealed by the Holder only. A decision by a Lender adverse to the
interest of the Borrower is not a decision by the Agency, whether or
not concurred in by the Agency. Appeals will be conducted by NAD and
will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.


Sec.  4279.205  Prohibition under Agency programs.

(a) No loan guaranteed by the Agency under this subpart will be
conditioned on any requirement that the recipient(s) of such assistance
accept or receive electric service from any particular utility,
supplier, or cooperative.
    (b) No loan guaranteed by the Agency may be made with the proceeds
of any obligation the Interest on which is excludable from income under
26 U.S.C. 103 or a successor statute. Funds generated through the
issuance of tax-exempt obligations may neither be used to purchase the
guaranteed portion of any Agency guaranteed loan nor may an Agency
guaranteed loan serve as Collateral for a tax-exempt issue. The Agency
may guarantee a loan for a Project which involves tax-exempt financing
only when the guaranteed loan funds are used to finance a part of the
Project that is separate and distinct from the part which is financed
by the tax-exempt obligation, and the guaranteed loan has at least a
Parity security position with the tax-exempt obligation.
    (c) The Agency may not issue a guarantee for a loan where there may
be, directly or indirectly, a Conflict of Interest or an appearance of
a Conflict of Interest involving any action by the Agency.
    (d) The Agency may not guarantee lease payments.
    (e) The Agency may not guarantee loans made by other Federal
agencies.


Sec.  4279.206  Agency representation.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this subpart and 7 CFR part
4287, subpart D, the Agency reserves the right to be represented by the
U.S. Department of Justice in any litigation where the Agency is named
as a party.


Sec.  4279.207  [Reserved]

Eligibility Requirements


Sec.  4279.208  Lender eligibility requirements.

(a) An eligible Lender is any Federal or State chartered bank, Farm
Credit Bank, other Farm Credit System institution with direct lending
authority, and Bank for Cooperatives. These entities must be subject to
credit examination and supervision by either an agency of the United
States or a State. Credit unions subject to credit examination and
supervision by either the National Credit Union Administration or a
State agency are eligible Lenders. The National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation is also an eligible Lender. Savings and
loan associations, mortgage companies, insurance companies, and other
lenders not meeting the above criteria are not eligible.
    (b) The Lender must demonstrate that it meets the FDIC definition
of Well Capitalized at the time of application and at time of issuance
of the Loan Note Guarantee. This information may be identified in FDIC
Call Reports and Thrift Financial Reports. If the information is not
identified in the Call Reports or Thrift Financial Reports, the Lender
will be required to calculate its levels and provide them to the
Agency.
    (c) The Lender must not be debarred or suspended by the Federal
government.
    (d) If the Lender is under a cease-and-desist order, or similar
constraint, from a Federal or State agency, the Lender must inform the
Agency. The Agency will evaluate the Lender's eligibility on a case-by-
case basis given the risk of loss posed by the cease-and-desist order
or similar constraint, as applicable.
    (e) The Agency will only approve loan guarantees for Lenders with
adequate experience and expertise, from similar projects, to make,
secure, service, and collect loans approved under this subpart.


Sec.  4279.209  Borrower eligibility requirements.

(a) Eligible entities. To be eligible, a Borrower must meet the
requirements specified in paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this section.
    (1) Type of Borrower. A Borrower must be an individual; an entity;
an Indian Tribe; or a unit of State or Local Government, including a
corporation; a Farm Cooperative; a Farmer Cooperative Organization; an
Association of Agricultural Producers; a National Laboratory; an
Institution of Higher Education; a rural electric cooperative; a public
power entity; or a consortium of any of the above entities.
    (2) Legal authority and responsibility. Each Borrower must have, or
obtain before loan closing, the legal authority necessary to construct,
operate, and maintain the proposed Project and services and to obtain,
give security for, and repay the proposed loan.
    (b) Ineligible entities. A Borrower will be considered ineligible
for a guarantee if the Borrower, any owner with more than 20 percent
ownership interest in the Borrower, or any owner with more than 3
percent ownership interest in the Borrower if there is no owner with
more than 20 percent ownership interest in the Borrower:
    (1) Has an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal
Court (other than U.S. Tax Court);
    (2) Is delinquent on the payment of Federal income taxes;
    (3) Is delinquent on a Federal Debt; or
    (4) Is debarred or suspended from receiving Federal assistance.


Sec.  4279.210  Project eligibility requirements.

(a) The Project must be located in a State.

[[Page 36430]]

(b) The Project must be for either:
    (1) The development, construction, and Retrofitting of
Technologically New Commercial-Scale processing and manufacturing
equipment and required facilities that will be used to convert
Renewable Chemicals and other biobased outputs of Biorefineries into
end-user products on a Commercial Scale; or
    (2) The development, construction, or Retrofitting of a Commercial-
Scale Biorefinery using Eligible Technology.
    (c) The Borrower and other principals involved in the Project must
make a significant equity investment in the Project in the form of cash
contribution. Equity does not include loans to the Project. The Agency
will evaluate the adequacy of equity in its credit evaluation in
accordance with Sec.  4279.215(b).
    (d) Eligible Project Costs are only those costs associated with the
items listed in paragraphs (d)(1) through (9) of this section, as long
as the items are assets owned by the Borrower or expenses incurred by
the Borrower and the items are an integral and necessary part of the
Project, as determined by the Agency. A Project may consist of multiple
facilities or components located at multiple locations.
    (1) Purchase and installation of equipment (new, refurbished, or
remanufactured), including an integrated demonstration unit if the
integrated demonstration unit will be used by the Borrower in the
Project after the Project is developed and in operation.
    (2) New construction or Retrofitting of existing facilities
including reasonable contingency reserves, land acquisition, site
improvements and development, and associated costs such as surveys,
title insurance, title fees, and recording or transfer fees.
    (3) Permit and license fees and fees and charges for professional
services. Professional services are those rendered by entities
generally licensed or certified by States or accreditation
associations, such as architects, engineers, accountants, attorneys, or
appraisers, and those rendered by Loan Packagers (excluding finders
fees). The Borrower may pay fees for professional services needed for
planning and developing a Project provided that the amounts are
reasonable and customary in the area. Professional fees may be included
as an eligible use of loan proceeds.
    (4) Working Capital.
    (5) Cost of necessary insurance and bonds.
    (6) Cost of financing, including capitalized Interest during
construction period, legal fees, transaction costs, and customary fees
charged by the lender, excluding the guaranteed loan fee and annual
renewal fees.
    (7) Cash reserve accounts required by the Lender or Agency, such as
a debt service reserve account.
    (8) Any other item identified by the Agency in a notice published
in the Federal Register.
    (9) The Agency will consider refinancing only under either of the
two conditions specified in paragraphs (d)(9)(i) and (ii) of this
section.
    (i) Permanent financing used to refinance interim construction
financing of the proposed Project only if the application for the
guaranteed loan under this subpart was approved prior to closing the
interim loan for the construction of the Project.
    (ii) Refinancing that is no more than 20 percent of the loan for
which the Agency is guaranteeing and the purpose of the refinance is to
enable the Agency to establish a first lien position with respect to
pre-existing Collateral subject to a pre-existing lien and the
refinancing would be in the best financial interests of the Federal
Government.
    (e) Ineligible Project costs include:
    (1) Distribution or payment to an individual owner, partner,
stockholder, or beneficiary of the Borrower or a close relative of such
an individual when such individual will retain any portion of the
ownership of the Borrower;
    (2) Any line of credit;
    (3) Any equipment, processes, and related costs of such equipment
used for processing corn kernel starch into biofuel, including as an
incidental or secondary product; and
    (4) Payment in excess of actual costs (such as profit, overhead,
and indirect costs) incurred by the contractor or other service
provider on a contract or agreement that has been entered into at less
than an Arm's Length Transaction or with an appearance of or a
potential for Conflict of Interest.


Sec. Sec.  4279.211-4279.213   [Reserved]

Lender Functions and Responsibilities


Sec.  4279.214  General functions and responsibilities.

(a) The Lender has the primary responsibility for loan origination
and servicing. Any action or inaction on the part of the Agency does
not relieve the Lender of its responsibilities to originate and service
the loan guaranteed under this subpart. The Lender may contract for
services and may rely on certain written materials (including, but not
limited to, certifications, evaluations, appraisals, financial
statements and other reports) to be provided by the Borrower or other
qualified third parties (including, among others, one or more
independent engineers, appraisers, accountants, consultants or other
experts.) The Lender is ultimately responsible for underwriting, loan
origination, loan servicing, and compliance with all Agency
regulations.
    (b) Agents and Persons are prohibited from acting as both Loan
Packager and Loan Service Provider on the same guaranteed loan.
    (c) All Lenders obtaining or requesting a Program loan guarantee
are responsible for:
    (1) Processing applications for guaranteed loans. The Lender is
responsible for submitting a complete application for each guaranteed
loan requested;
    (2) Developing and maintaining adequately documented loan files,
which must be maintained for at least 3 years after the final loss has
been paid;
    (3) Recommending only loan proposals that are eligible and
financially feasible;
    (4) Properly closing the loan and obtaining valid evidence of debt
and Collateral in accordance with sound lending practices prior to
disbursing loan proceeds;
    (5) Keeping an inventory accounting of all Collateral items and
reconciling the inventory of all Collateral sold during loan servicing,
including liquidation;
    (6) Supervising construction;
    (7) Distributing loan funds;
    (8) Servicing guaranteed loans in a reasonable manner, including
liquidation if necessary;
    (9) Following Agency regulations and agreements;
    (10) Obtaining Agency approvals or concurrence as required; and
    (11) Reporting all Conflicts of Interest, or appearances thereof,
to the Agency.


Sec.  4279.215  Credit evaluation.

(a) Lenders must analyze all credit factors associated with each
proposed loan and apply its professional judgment to determine that the
credit factors, considered in combination, to ensure loan repayment.
The Lender must have an adequate underwriting process to ensure that
loans are reviewed by someone other than the originating officer. The
Agency will only guarantee loans that are financially sound and
feasible with reasonable assurance of repayment.
    (b) In its credit evaluation, the Agency will consider the
following factors:
    (1) The feasibility of the Project and Borrower and likelihood that
the Project and Borrower will produce sufficient revenues to service
the Project's debt

[[Page 36431]]

obligations over the life of the loan guarantee and result in
sufficient returns to investors;
    (2) Project and Borrower debt structure and characteristics and
debt repayment ability;
    (3) Revenues of the Project and Borrower, strength and duration of
off-take contracts and counterparty agreements, market demand and
competitive position;
    (4) Technical feasibility, demonstrated performance of the
technology and readiness to commercialize the technology;
    (5) Ownership structure of the Project and Borrower, strength of
ownership and sponsors, commitment and amount of equity investment from
ownership, sponsors and other equity investors;
    (6) Operational management and experience;
    (7) Complexity of construction/completion, terms of construction
contracts, experience and financial strength of the construction
contractor or engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC)
contractor;
    (8) Availability and depth of resource/feedstock market, strength
and duration of purchase agreements, and availability of substitutes;
    (9) Contracts and intellectual property rights, and state and local
regulations;
    (10) Energy, infrastructure and environmental considerations;
    (11) The extent to which Project Costs are funded by the guaranteed
loan or other Federal and non-Federal governmental assistance such as
grants, tax credits, or other loan guarantees;
    (12) Economic safeguards of the Project including contingency
reserve funds and protections and safeguards provided to the Agency and
Lender in the event of default through loan collateral and ownership
and sponsorship guarantors, and;
    (13) Other criteria that the Agency deems relevant.


Sec.  4279.216  Environmental responsibilities.

Lenders are responsible for becoming familiar with Federal
environmental requirements; considering, in consultation with the
prospective Borrower, the potential environmental impacts of their
proposals at the earliest planning stages; and developing proposals
that minimize the potential to adversely impact the environment.
    (a) Lenders must alert the Agency to any environmental issues
related to a proposed Project or items that may require extensive
environmental review.
    (b) Lenders must ensure that the Borrower has:
    (1) Provided the necessary environmental information to enable the
Agency to undertake its environmental review process in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor regulations, including the
provision of all required Federal, State, and local permits, and has
completed Form RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental Information,''
and Exhibit H ``Environmental Assessment for Class II Actions'' (when
required by 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G);
    (2) Complied with any mitigation measures required by the Agency;
and
    (3) Not taken any actions or incurred any obligations with respect
to the proposed Project that will either limit the range of
alternatives to be considered during the Agency's environmental review
process or which will have an adverse effect on the environment.
    (c) Lenders must assist in the collection of additional data when
the Agency needs such data to complete its environmental review of the
proposal and assist in the resolution of environmental issues.


Sec.  4279.217  Oversight and monitoring.

The Lender must permit representatives of the Agency (or other
agencies of the United States) to inspect and make copies of any
records of the Lender pertaining to Program guaranteed loans during
regular office hours of the Lender or at any other time upon agreement
between the Lender and the Agency. In addition, the Lender must
cooperate fully with Agency oversight and monitoring of all Lenders
involved in any manner with any loan guarantee under this Program to
ensure compliance with this subpart. Such oversight and monitoring will
include, but is not limited to, reviewing Lender records and meeting
with Lenders (in accordance with Sec.  4287.307(d) of this chapter).


Sec. Sec.  4279.218-4279.219  [Reserved]

Conditions of Guarantee


Sec.  4279.220  General conditions of guarantee.

A loan guarantee under this part will be evidenced by a Loan Note
Guarantee issued by the Agency. Each Lender will execute a Lender's
Agreement. If a valid Lender's Agreement already exists, it is not
necessary to execute a new Lender's Agreement with each loan guarantee.
The provisions of this part and 7 CFR part 4287, subpart D will apply
to all outstanding guarantees. In the event of a conflict between the
guaranteed loan documents and these regulations as they exist at the
time the documents are executed, the regulations will control.
    (a) Full faith and credit. (1) A guarantee under this subpart
constitutes an obligation supported by the full faith and credit of the
United States and is incontestable except for fraud or
misrepresentation of which a Lender or Holder has actual knowledge at
the time it becomes such Lender or Holder or which a Lender or Holder
participates in or condones.
    (2) The guarantee will be unenforceable to the extent that any loss
is occasioned by:
    (i) A provision for Interest on Interest, Default or penalty
Interest, or late payment fees;
    (ii) The violation of usury laws;
    (iii) Use of loan proceeds for unauthorized purposes or to the
extent that loan funds are used for purposes other than those
specifically approved by the Agency in its Conditional Commitment;
    (iv) Failure to obtain or maintain the required security regardless
of the time at which the Agency acquires knowledge thereof; and
    (v) Negligent Loan Origination or Negligent Loan Servicing unless
otherwise determined under paragraph (d) of this section.
    (3) The Agency will guarantee payment as follows:
    (i) To any Holder, 100 percent of any loss sustained by the Holder
on the guaranteed portion of the loan it owns and Interest through the
Interest Termination Date due on such portion.
    (ii) To the Lender, subject to the provisions of this part and
subpart D of part 4287 of this chapter, the lesser of:
    (A) Any loss sustained by the Lender on the guaranteed portion,
including principal and Interest, through the Interest Termination
Date, evidenced by the notes or assumption agreements and secured
advances for protection and preservation of Collateral made with the
Agency's authorization; or
    (B) The guaranteed principal advanced to or assumed by the Borrower
and any Interest due thereon through the Interest Termination Date.
    (b) Credit quality of Borrower. The Agency will provide guarantees
only after consideration is given to the Borrower's overall credit
quality and to the terms and conditions of any applicable subsidies,
tax credits, and other such incentives.
    (c) Quality of loan. All loans guaranteed under this subpart must
be financially sound and feasible, with reasonable assurance of
repayment.
    (d) Gross negligence. Upon written request of the Lender, the
Agency will consider changing the negligence standard to Grossly
Negligent Loan Origination and Grossly Negligent Loan

[[Page 36432]]

Servicing on a case-by-case basis. The Lender must establish to the
Agency's satisfaction that changing to the gross negligence standard
does not materially impair the Agency's interests, solely at the
Agency's discretion, subject to:
    (1) The lender has demonstrated capacity and experience in making
and servicing loans of similar amounts and for transactions of
comparable complexity;
    (2) The Agency's review of the Lender's underwriting, loan approval
and loan servicing policies and procedures, and;
    (3) The Agency's review of the Lender's loan servicing plan.


Sec.  4279.221  Rights and liabilities.

When a guaranteed portion of a loan is sold to a Holder, the Holder
will succeed to all rights of the Lender under the Loan Note Guarantee
to the extent of the portion purchased.
    (a) The Lender will remain bound to all obligations under the Loan
Note Guarantee, Lender's Agreement, and the Agency Program regulations.
    (b) A guarantee and right to require purchase will be directly
enforceable by a Holder notwithstanding any fraud or misrepresentation
by the Lender or any unenforceability of the guarantee by the Lender,
except for fraud or misrepresentation of which the Holder had actual
knowledge at the time it became the Holder or in which the Holder
participates or condones.
    (c) The Lender must reimburse the Agency for any payments the
Agency makes to a Holder of Lender's guaranteed loan that, under the
Loan Note Guarantee, would not have been paid to the Lender had the
Lender retained the entire interest in the guaranteed loan and not
conveyed an interest to a Holder.


Sec.  4279.222  Payments.

A Lender will receive all payments of principal and Interest on
account of the entire loan and must promptly remit to the Holder its
Pro Rata share of any payment within 30 days of the Lender's receipt
thereof from the Borrower, determined according to its respective
interest in the loan, less only the Lender's servicing fee.


Sec.  4279.223  Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.

The Lender may Participate or sell all or part of the guaranteed
portion of the loan or retain the entire loan. The Lender must fully
disburse and properly close a loan prior to sale of any portion of the
Promissory Note(s). The Lender cannot Participate or sell any amount of
the guaranteed or unguaranteed portion of the loan to the Borrower or
its parent, subsidiary or Affiliate or to officers, directors,
stockholders, other owners, or members of their Immediate Families. The
Lender cannot share any premium received from the sale of a guaranteed
loan in the secondary market with a Loan Packager or other Loan Service
Provider. The participating Lenders and Holders and the Borrower can
have no rights or obligations to one another. If the Lender desires to
market all or part of the guaranteed portion of the loan at or
subsequent to loan closing, such loan must not be in Default. Lenders
may use either the single Promissory Note or multi-note system as
outlined in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.
    (a) Single note system. The entire loan is evidenced by one
Promissory Note, and one Loan Note Guarantee is issued. When the loan
is evidenced by one Promissory Note, the Lender may not at a later date
cause any additional notes to be issued.
    (1) The Lender may assign all or part of the guaranteed portion of
the loan to one or more Holders by using the Assignment Guarantee
Agreement. The Lender must retain title to the Promissory Note. The
Lender must complete and execute the Assignment Guarantee Agreement and
return it to the Agency for execution prior to Holder execution.
    (2) A Holder, upon written notice to the Lender and the Agency, may
reassign the unpaid guaranteed portion of the loan, in full, sold under
the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Holders may only reassign the
guaranteed portion in the complete block they have received and cannot
subdivide or further split the guaranteed portion of a loan or retain
an Interest strip.
    (3) Upon notification and completion of the assignment through the
use of the Assignment Guarantee Agreement, the assignee shall succeed
to all rights and obligations of the Holder thereunder. Subsequent
assignments require notice to the Lender and Agency using any format,
including that used by the Bond Market Association, together with the
transfer of the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement.
    (4) The Agency will neither execute a new Assignment Guarantee
Agreement to effect a subsequent reassignment nor reissue a duplicate
Assignment Guarantee Agreement unless:
    (i) The original was lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or
defaced; and
    (ii) The reissue is in accordance with Sec.  4279.226.
    (5) The Assignment Guarantee Agreement clearly states the
percentage and corresponding amount of the guaranteed portion it
represents and the Lender's servicing fee. A servicing fee may be
charged by the Lender to a Holder and is calculated as a percentage per
annum of the unpaid balance of the guaranteed portion of the loan
assigned by the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. The Agency is not and
will not be a party to any contract between the Lender and another
party where the Lender sells its servicing fee in an Arm's Length
Transaction. The Agency will not acknowledge, approve, or have any
liability to any of the parties of such contract.
    (b) Multi-note system. Under this option, the Lender may provide
multiple Promissory Notes for the unguaranteed and the guaranteed
portions of the loan. All Promissory Notes must reflect the same
payment terms. When the Lender selects this option, the Holder will
receive one of the Borrower's executed notes and a Loan Note Guarantee.
The Agency will issue a Loan Note Guarantee for each Promissory Note,
including the unguaranteed Promissory Note(s), to be attached to the
Promissory Note(s). An Assignment Guarantee Agreement will not be used
when the multi-note option is utilized.


Sec.  4279.224  Minimum retention.

The Lender is required to hold a minimum of 7.5 percent of the
total loan amount. The amount required to be held must be of the
unguaranteed portion of the loan and cannot be Participated to another
Person. The Agency may reduce the minimum retention below 7.5 percent
on a case by case basis when the Lender establishes to the Secretary's
satisfaction that reduction of the minimum retention percentage is to
meet compliance with the Lender's regulatory authority. The Lender must
retain interest in the Collateral, and retain the servicing
responsibilities for the guaranteed loan.


Sec.  4279.225  Repurchase from Holder.

(a) Repurchase by Lender. A Lender has the option to repurchase the
unpaid guaranteed portion of the loan from a Holder within 30 days of
written demand by the Holder when the Borrower is in Default not less
than 60 days on principal or Interest due on the loan; or when the
Lender has failed to remit to the Holder its Pro Rata share of any
payment within 30 days of the Lender's receipt thereof from the
Borrower. The repurchase by the Lender will be for an amount equal to
the unpaid guaranteed portion of principal and accrued Interest less
the Lender's servicing fee. The Holder must concurrently send a copy of
the demand

[[Page 36433]]

letter to the Agency. The Lender must accept an assignment without
recourse from the Holder upon repurchase. The Lender is encouraged to
repurchase the loan, upon written demand from the Holder, to facilitate
the accounting of funds, resolve any loan problem, and resolve the
Default, where and when reasonable. The benefit to the Lender is that
it may re-sell the guaranteed portion of the loan in order to continue
collection of its servicing fee if the Default is cured. The Lender
must notify, in writing, the Holder and the Agency of its decision.
    (b) Agency repurchase. (1) The Lender's servicing fee will stop on
the date that Interest was last paid by the Borrower when the Agency
purchases the guaranteed portion of the loan from a Holder. The Lender
cannot charge such servicing fee to the Agency and must apply all loan
payments and Collateral proceeds received to the guaranteed and
unguaranteed portions of the loan on a Pro Rata basis.
    (2) If the Agency repurchases 100 percent of the guaranteed portion
of the loan, the Agency will not continue collection of the Annual
Renewal Fee from the Lender.
    (3) If the Lender does not repurchase the unpaid guaranteed portion
of the loan as provided in paragraph (a) of this section, the Agency
will purchase from the Holder the unpaid principal balance of the
guaranteed portion together with accrued Interest to date of repurchase
or the Interest Termination Date, whichever is sooner, less the
Lender's servicing fee, within 30 days after written demand to the
Agency from the Holder.
    (4) When Lender has accelerated the account, and subject to the
expiration of any forbearance or workout agreement, the Lender, or the
Agency at its sole discretion, must issue a letter to the Holder(s)
establishing the Interest Termination Date. Accrued Interest to be paid
to the Holder(s) will be calculated from the date Interest was last
paid on the loan with a termination date not to exceed the Interest
Termination Date.
    (5) When the Lender has accelerated the account and the Lender
holds all or a portion of the guaranteed loan, an estimated loss claim
(loan in the liquidation process) must be filed by the Lender with the
Agency within 60 days. Accrued Interest paid to the Lender will be
calculated from the date Interest was last paid on the loan to the
Interest Termination Date.
    (6) The Holder's demand to the Agency must include a copy of the
written demand made upon the Lender. The Holder must also include
evidence of its right to require payment from the Agency. Such evidence
must consist of either the original of the Loan Note Guarantee properly
endorsed to the Agency or the original of the Assignment Guarantee
Agreement properly assigned to the Agency without recourse including
all rights, title, and interest in the loan. When the single-note
system is utilized and the initial Holder has sold its interest, the
current Holder must present the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement
and an original of each Agency approved reassignment document in the
chain of ownership, with the latest reassignment being assigned to the
Agency without recourse, including all rights, title, and interest in
the guarantee. The Holder must include in its demand the amount due
including unpaid principal, unpaid Interest to date of demand, and
Interest subsequently accruing from date of demand to proposed payment
date. The Agency will be subrogated to all rights of the Holder.
    (7) Upon request by the Agency, the Lender must furnish within 30
days of such request a current statement certified by an appropriate
authorized officer of the Lender of the unpaid principal and Interest
then owed by the Borrower on the loan and the amount then owed to any
Holder, along with the information necessary for the Agency to
determine the appropriate amount due the Holder. Any discrepancy
between the amount claimed by the Holder and the information submitted
by the Lender must be resolved between the Lender and the Holder before
payment will be approved. Such conflict will suspend the running of the
30 day payment requirement.
    (8) Purchase by the Agency neither changes, alters, nor modifies
any of the Lender's obligations to the Agency arising from the loan or
guarantee nor does it waive any of Agency's rights against the Lender.
The Agency will have the right to set-off against the Lender all rights
inuring to the Agency as the Holder of the instrument against the
Agency's obligation to the Lender under the guarantee.
    (c) Repurchase for servicing. If the Lender, Borrower, and Holder
are unable to agree to restructuring of loan repayment, Interest rate,
or loan terms to resolve any loan problem or resolve the Default and
repurchase of the guaranteed portion of the loan is necessary to
adequately service the loan, the Holder must sell the guaranteed
portion of the loan to the Lender for an amount equal to the unpaid
principal and Interest on such portion less the Lender's servicing fee.
The Lender must not repurchase from the Holder for arbitrage or other
purposes to further its own financial gain. Any repurchase must only be
made after the Lender obtains the Agency's written approval. If the
Lender does not repurchase the guaranteed portion from the Holder, the
Agency may, at its option, purchase such guaranteed portion for
servicing purposes.


Sec.  4279.226  Replacement of document.

(a) The Agency may issue a replacement Loan Note Guarantee or
Assignment Guarantee Agreement which was lost, stolen, destroyed,
mutilated, or defaced to the Lender or Holder upon receipt of an
acceptable certificate of loss and an indemnity bond.
    (b) When a Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee Agreement is
lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced while in the custody of
the Lender or Holder, the Lender must coordinate the activities of the
party who seeks the replacement documents and must submit the required
documents to the Agency for processing. The requirements for
replacement are as follows:
    (1) A certificate of loss, notarized and containing a jurat, which
includes:
    (i) Name and address of owner;
    (ii) Name and address of the Lender of record;
    (iii) Capacity of Person certifying;
    (iv) Full identification of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment
Guarantee Agreement including the name of the Borrower, the Agency's
case number, date of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee
Agreement, face amount of the evidence of debt purchased, date of
evidence of debt, present balance of the loan, percentage of guarantee,
and, if an Assignment Guarantee Agreement, the original named Holder
and the percentage of the guaranteed portion of the loan assigned to
that Holder. Any existing parts of the document to be replaced must be
attached to the certificate;
    (v) A full statement of circumstances of the loss, theft,
destruction, defacement, or mutilation of the Loan Note Guarantee or
Assignment Guarantee Agreement; and
    (vi) For the Holder, evidence demonstrating current ownership of
the Loan Note Guarantee and Promissory Note or the Assignment Guarantee
Agreement. If the present Holder is not the same as the original
Holder, a copy of the endorsement of each successive Holder in the
chain of transfer from the initial Holder to present Holder must be
included. If copies of the endorsement cannot be obtained, best
available

[[Page 36434]]

records of transfer must be submitted to the Agency (e.g., order
confirmation, canceled checks, etc.).
    (2) An indemnity bond acceptable to the Agency must accompany the
request for replacement except when the Holder is the United States, a
Federal Reserve Bank, a Federal corporation, a State or territory, or
the District of Columbia. The indemnity bond must be with surety except
when the outstanding principal balance and accrued Interest due the
present Holder is less than $1 million verified by the Lender in
writing in a letter of certification of balance due. The surety must be
a qualified surety company holding a certificate of authority from the
Secretary of the Treasury and listed in Treasury Department Circular
570.
    (3) All indemnity bonds must be issued and payable to the United
States of America acting through the Agency. The bond must be in an
amount not less than the unpaid principal and Interest. The bond must
hold the Agency harmless against any claim or demand that might arise
or against any damage, loss, costs, or expenses that might be sustained
or incurred by reasons of the loss or replacement of the instruments.
    (4) In those cases where the guaranteed loan was closed under the
provision of the multi-note system, the Agency will not attempt to
obtain, or participate in the obtaining of, replacement Promissory
Notes from the Borrower. The Holder is responsible for bearing the
costs of Promissory Note replacement if the Borrower agrees to issue a
replacement instrument. Should such Promissory Note be replaced, the
terms of the Promissory Note cannot be changed. If the evidence of debt
has been lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated or defaced, such evidence
of debt must be replaced before the Agency will replace any
instruments.


Sec.  4279.227  Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

In accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C.
1691, et seq.), with respect to any aspect of a credit transaction,
neither the Lender nor the Agency will discriminate against any
applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex,
marital status or age (providing the applicant has the capacity to
contract), or because all or part of the applicant's income derives
from a public assistance program, or because the applicant has, in good
faith, exercised any right under the Consumer Protection Act. The
Lender must comply with the requirements of the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act as contained in the Federal Reserve Board's Regulation
implementing that Act (see 12 CFR part 202) prior to loan closing.


Sec. Sec.  4279.228--4279.230  [Reserved]

Loan Processing


Sec.  4279.231  Fees.

(a) Guarantee fee. The guarantee fee is paid to the Agency by the
Lender and is nonrefundable. The fee may be passed on to the Borrower.
Issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee is conditioned on payment of the
guarantee fee by closing. The guarantee fee will be the percentage
specified in paragraphs (a)(1) or (2) of this section, as applicable,
unless otherwise specified by the Agency in a notice published in the
Federal Register, multiplied by the principal loan amount multiplied by
the percent of guarantee and will be paid one time only at the time the
Loan Note Guarantee is issued.
    (1) For loans receiving a 90 percent guarantee, the guarantee fee
is three percent.
    (2) For loans receiving less than a 90 percent guarantee, the
guarantee fee is:
    (i) Two percent for guarantees on loans greater than 75 percent of
total Eligible Project Costs.
    (ii) One and one-half percent for guarantees on loans of greater
than 65 percent but less than or equal to 75 percent of total Eligible
Project Costs.
    (iii) One percent for guarantees on loans of 65 percent or less of
total Eligible Project Costs.
    (b) Annual Renewal Fee. The Annual Renewal Fee, which may be passed
on to the Borrower, is paid by the Lender to the Agency for as long as
the guarantee is outstanding and is payable during the construction
period.
    (1) The amount of the annual renewal fee is calculated by the
outstanding principal loan balance as of December 31 of each year
multiplied by the Annual Renewal Fee rate, multiplied by the percent of
guarantee. The rate is the rate in effect at the time the loan is
obligated, and will remain in effect for the life of the loan.
    (2) The Annual Renewal Fee is paid once a year and is required to
maintain the enforceability of the guarantee as to the lender. Annual
Renewal Rees are due on January 31. Payments not received by April 1
are considered delinquent and, at the Agency's discretion, may result
in cancellation of the guarantee to the lender. Holders' rights will
continue in effect as specified in the Loan Note Guarantee and
Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Any delinquent Annual Renewal Fees will
bear interest at the note rate and will be deducted from any loss
payment due the lender. For loans where the Loan Note Guarantee is
issued between October 1 and December 31, the first Annual Renewal Fee
payment will be due January 31 of the second year following the date
the Loan Note Guarantee was issued.
    (3) When the Agency repurchases 100 percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, the Agency will not continue collection of the
Annual Renewal Fee.
    (4) Unless otherwise specified by the Agency in a notice published
in the Federal Register, the Annual Renewal Fee rate will be as
follows:
    (i) One hundred basis points (1 percent) for guarantees on loans
that were originally greater than 75 percent of total Eligible Project
Costs.
    (ii) Seventy five basis points (0.75 percent) for guarantees on
loans that were originally greater than 65 percent but less than or
equal to 75 percent of total Eligible Project Costs.
    (iii) Fifty basis points (0.50 percent) for guarantees on loans
that were originally for 65 percent or less of Total Eligible Project
Costs.
    (c) Routine Lender fees. The Lender may establish charges and fees
for the loan provided they are similar to those normally charged other
applicants for the same type of loan in the ordinary course of
business, and these fees are an eligible use of loan proceeds. The
Lender must document such routine fees on Form RD 4279-1, ``Application
for Loan Guarantee.'' The Lender may charge prepayment penalties and
late payment fees that are stipulated in the loan documents, as long as
they are reasonable and customary; however, the Loan Note Guarantee
will not cover either prepayment penalties or late payment fees.


Sec.  4279.232  Guaranteed loan funding.

(a) The amount of a loan guaranteed for a Project under this
subpart will not exceed 80 percent of total Eligible Project Costs.
Total Federal participation will not exceed 80 percent of total
Eligible Project Costs. The Borrower needs to provide the remaining 20
percent from non-Federal sources to complete the Project. Eligible
Project Costs are specified in Sec.  4279.210(d). If an eligible
Borrower receives other direct Federal funding (i.e., direct loans or
grants) for a Project, the maximum amount of the loan that the Agency
will guarantee under this subpart must be reduced by the same amount of
the other direct Federal funding that the eligible Borrower received
for the Project. For example, an eligible Borrower is applying for a
loan guarantee on a $100,000,000 Project. If the Borrower receives no
other direct Federal funding for this Project and

[[Page 36435]]

requests an $80,000,000 guaranteed loan, the Agency will consider a
guarantee on the $80,000,000. However, if this Borrower receives
$10,000,000 in other direct Federal funding for this Project, the
Agency will only consider a guarantee on $70,000,000.
    (b) The maximum principal amount of a loan guaranteed under this
subpart is $250 million to one Borrower; there is no minimum amount.
    (c) The maximum guarantee on the principal and Interest due on a
loan guaranteed under this subpart will be determined as specified in
paragraphs (c)(1) through (4) of this section.
    (1) If the loan amount is equal to or less than $125 million, 80
percent for the entire loan amount unless all of the conditions
specified in paragraphs (c)(1)(i) through (iii) of this section are
met, in which case 90 percent for the entire loan amount.
    (i) Total Federal participation, sum of the amount of the loan
requested and other direct Federal funding, must not be greater than 60
percent of total Eligible Project Costs;
    (ii) Feedstock and Off-Take Agreements of at least 1 year in
duration; and
    (iii) Total of revenues from tax credits, carbon credits, or other
Federal or State subsidies cannot be greater than 10 percent of the
Project's total revenues on an annual basis, in the Borrower's base
case of financial projections.
    (2) If the loan amount is more than $125 million and less than $150
million, 80 percent for the entire loan amount.
    (3) If the loan amount is equal to or more than $150 million but
less than $200 million, 70 percent on the entire loan amount.
    (4) If the loan amount is $200 million up to and including $250
million, 60 percent on the entire loan amount.


Sec.  4279.233  Interest rates.

The Interest rate for the guaranteed loan will be negotiated
between the Lender and the Borrower and may be either fixed or
variable, or a combination thereof, as long as it is a legal rate.
Interest rates will not be more than those rates the Lender customarily
charges Borrowers for non-guaranteed loans in similar circumstances in
the ordinary course of business and are subject to Agency review and
approval. Lenders are encouraged to utilize the secondary market and
pass Interest-rate savings on to the Borrower.
    (a) A variable Interest rate must be a rate that is tied to a
published base rate. The variable Interest rate must be specified in
the Promissory Note and may be adjusted at specified intervals during
the term of the loan, but the adjustments may not be more often than
once each Calendar Quarter. The Lender must incorporate, within the
variable rate Promissory Note at loan closing, the provision for
adjustment of payment installments. The Lender must properly amortize
the outstanding principal balance within the prescribed loan maturity
in order to eliminate the possibility of a balloon payment at the end
of the loan.
    (b) Any change in the base rate or fixed Interest rate between
issuance of the Conditional Commitment and the issuance of the Loan
Note Guarantee must be approved by the Agency. Approval of such a
change must be shown as an amendment to the Conditional Commitment and
must be reflected on the Guaranteed Loan Closing Report.
    (c) It is permissible to have different Interest rates on the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan.


Sec.  4279.234  Terms of loan.

The loan terms, other than Interest, must be the same for both the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan.
    (a) The repayment term for a loan under this subpart will be no
greater than the lesser of 20 years from the date of loan closing or
the useful life of the Project, as determined by the Lender and
confirmed by the Agency. Both the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions
of the loan must be amortized over the same term.
    (b) A loan's maturity will take into consideration the use of
proceeds, the useful life of assets being financed, and the Borrower's
ability to repay the loan.
    (c) The first installment of principal and Interest will, if
possible, be scheduled for payment after the Project is operational and
has begun to generate income. However, the first full installment must
be due and payable within three years from the date of the Promissory
Note and be paid at least annually thereafter. In cases where there is
an Interest-only period, Interest will be paid at least annually from
the date of the Promissory Note.
    (d) Only loans that require a periodic payment schedule that will
retire the debt over the term of the loan without a balloon payment
will be guaranteed except the final payment may be the funds held in
the debt service reserve account.


Sec.  4279.235  Collateral.

The Lender is responsible for obtaining and maintaining proper and
adequate Collateral to protect the interest of the Lender, the Holder,
and the Agency. Collateral must be of such a nature that repayment of
the loan is reasonably ensured when considered with the integrity and
ability of Project management, soundness of the Project, and the
Borrower's prospective earnings. The Collateral may include, but is not
limited to, the following: Revenue, land, easements, rights-of-way,
buildings, machinery, equipment, inventory, accounts receivable,
contracts, cash, or other accounts, licenses and assignments of leases
or leasehold interest.
    (a) The entire loan, the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions, must
be secured by a first lien on all assets of the Project including all
assets in the Project budget. The Agency may consider a subordinate
lien position on inventory and accounts receivable to Working Capital
loans including revolving lines of credit provided the Agency
determines the Working Capital is necessary for the operation and with
the Subordination, the loan remains adequately secured.
    (b) The entire loan must be secured by the same security with equal
lien priority for the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan.
The unguaranteed portion of the loan will neither be paid first nor
given any preference or priority over the guaranteed portion.


Sec. Sec.  4279.236-4279.242   [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.243  Insurance.

The Lender is responsible for ensuring that required insurance is
maintained by the Borrower. The Lender must be shown as an additional
insured on insurance policies (or other risk sharing instruments) that
benefit the Project and must be able to assume any contracts that are
material to the Project, including any feedstock or Off-Take
Agreements, as may be applicable.
    (a) Hazard. Hazard insurance with a standard clause naming the
Lender as mortgagee or loss payee, as applicable, is required for the
life of the guaranteed loan. The amount must be at least equal to the
replacement value of the Collateral or the outstanding balance of the
loan, whichever is the greater amount.
    (b) Life. The Lender may require as Collateral an assignment of
life insurance to insure against the risk of death of persons critical
to the success of the business. When required, coverage must be in
amounts necessary to provide for management succession or to protect
the business. The Agency may require life insurance on key individuals
for loans where the Lender has not otherwise proposed such coverage.
The cost of insurance and its

[[Page 36436]]

effect on the applicant's Working Capital must be considered as well as
the amount of existing insurance that could be assigned without
requiring additional expense.
    (c) Worker compensation. Worker compensation insurance is required
in accordance with State law.
    (d) Flood. National flood insurance is required in accordance with
applicable law.
    (e) Other. The Lender must consider whether public liability,
business interruption, malpractice, and other insurance is appropriate
to the Borrower's particular business and must require the Borrower to
obtain such insurance as is necessary to protect the interests of the
Borrower, the Lender, or the Agency.


Sec.  4279.244  Appraisals.

(a) Lenders must obtain appraisals for real estate when the value
of the Collateral exceeds $250,000. Each appraisal must be reported in
a manner that summarizes all of the information necessary for the
intended users to understand the report and contain all information
pertinent to the appraiser's opinions and conclusions.
    (1) Appraisals must not be more than one year old, and a more
recent appraisal may be requested by the Agency in order to reflect
more current market conditions. For loan servicing purposes, an
appraisal may be updated in lieu of a complete new appraisal when the
original appraisal is more than one year old, but less than two years
old.
    (2) Specialized appraisers will be required to complete appraisals
under this section. The Agency may approve a waiver of this requirement
only if a specialized appraiser does not exist in a specific industry.
The Agency will require documentation that the appraiser has the
necessary experience and competency to appraise the property in
question.
    (3) All real property appraisals associated with Agency guaranteed
loan origination and servicing transactions must meet the requirements
contained in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and
Enforcement Act (FIRREA) of 1989 and the appropriate guidelines
contained in Standards 1 and 2 of the Uniform Standards of Professional
Appraisal Practices (USPAP) and be performed by a State Certified
General Appraiser. Notwithstanding any exemption that may exist for
transactions guaranteed by a Federal Government agency, all appraisals
obtained by the Lender for origination and servicing must conform to
the Interagency Appraisal and Evaluations Guidelines established by the
Lender's primary Federal or State regulator.
    (4) All appraisals must include consideration of the potential
effects from a release of hazardous substances or petroleum products or
other environmental hazards on the Market Value of the Collateral. The
Lender must complete and submit its technical review of the appraisal.
For construction Projects, the Lender must use the ``as-completed''
Market Value of the real estate to determine value of the real estate
property. For all proposals, Lenders must obtain a Phase I
Environmental Site Assessment in accordance with ASTM International
Standards, which should be provided to the appraiser for completion of
the appraisal. For additional guidance and information refer to ``Phase
I Environmental Site Assessment,'' published by the American Society of
Testing and Materials.
    (b) Chattels must be evaluated in accordance with normal banking
practices and generally accepted methods of determining value. Chattel
appraisals must reflect the age, condition, and remaining useful life
of the equipment. If the appraisal is completed by a State licensed/
certified appraiser, the appraisal report must comply with USPAP
Standards 7 and 8.


Sec.  4279.245  Personal and corporate guarantees.

(a) Unconditional personal and corporate guarantees are required
for the full term of the loan from Persons owning 20 percent or greater
interest in the borrower.
    (b) When warranted by an Agency assessment and its credit
evaluation, guarantees may also be required of parent, subsidiaries,
affiliated companies, Persons owning less than a 20 percent interest in
the borrower, or Persons whose ownership interest in the Borrower is
held indirectly through intermediate entities.
    (c) The Agency may require the guarantees to be secured.
    (d) Partial guarantees and exemptions to the requirement for
guarantees may be requested by the Lender and are subject to
concurrence by the Agency approval official on a case-by-case basis
when warranted by an Agency assessment and its credit evaluation in
accordance with Sec.  4279.215(b). If partial guarantees are required,
the partial guarantee will be at least equal to each owner's percentage
of interest in the Borrower multiplied by the loan amount.
    (e) All personal and corporate guarantors must execute Form RD
4279-14, ``Unconditional Guarantee,'' and any guarantee form required
by the Lender. The Agency will retain the original, executed Form RD
4279-14.
    (1) Any amounts paid by the Agency on behalf of an Agency Borrower
will constitute a Federal Debt owed to the Agency by the Borrower.
    (2) Any amounts paid by the Agency pursuant to a claim by a Lender
will constitute a Federal Debt owed to the Agency by a guarantor of the
loan, to the extent of the amount of the guarantor's guarantee.
    (3) In all instances under paragraphs (c)(1) and (2) of this
section, Interest charges will be assessed at the Promissory Note
Interest rate on the date a loss claim is paid.


Sec. Sec.  4279.246-4279.255  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.256  Construction planning and performing development.

The Lender and Borrower must comply with paragraphs (a) through (i)
of this section. The Lender may contract for services and may rely on
certain written materials and other reports to be provided by an
independent engineer and other qualified third parties.
    (a) Design policy. The Lender must monitor and require the Borrower
ensure that all facilities constructed with Program funds are designed,
and costs estimated, by an independent professional utilizing accepted
architectural, engineering, and design practices and conform to
applicable Federal, State, and local codes and requirements.
    (b) Project control. (1) The Lender must monitor the progress of
construction and confirm the reviews and inspections necessary to
ensure that construction conforms to applicable Federal, State, and
local code requirements have been performed; proceeds are used in
accordance with the approved plans, specifications, and contract
documents; and that loan funds are used for Eligible Project Costs in
accordance with the purposes approved by the Agency in its Conditional
Commitment. The Lender must expeditiously report any problems in
Project development to the Agency.
    (2) The Lender must ensure an onsite Project inspector or
independent engineer monitors the Project.
    (3) The Lender must monitor the Project to confirm that the Project
will be completed with available funds and, once completed, will be
used for its intended purpose and produce products in the quality and
quantity proposed in the completed application approved by the Agency.
Once construction is completed, the Lender must provide the

[[Page 36437]]

Agency with a copy of the notice of completion.
    (4) Prior to the disbursement of construction funds, the Lender
shall:
    (i) Have on file the major drawings issued for construction and
major equipment specifications issued for procurement;
    (ii) Have a detailed timetable for the Project with a corresponding
budget of costs, setting forth the parties responsible for payment;
    (iii) Ensure that the independent engineer confirms that the budget
is adequate for the Project;
    (iv) Require the Borrower to have a firm fixed-price engineering,
procurement and construction (EPC) contract in place which includes
performance guarantees customary and reasonable for a project of this
nature or engineering, construction, and procurement contracts in place
with vendors and construction contractors for the construction of the
Project, each on customary terms and conditions;
    (v) Require provisions for change order approvals, a retainage
percentage, and a disbursement schedule;
    (vi) Require the Borrower to have contingencies in place to handle
unforeseeable cost overruns without seeking additional Agency
assistance. These contingencies must be agreed to by the Agency.
    (c) Changes and cost overruns. The Borrower is responsible for any
changes or cost overruns. If any such change or cost overrun occurs,
then any change order must be expressly approved by the Agency, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and neither the Lender nor
Borrower will divert funds from purposes identified in the guaranteed
loan application approved by the Agency to pay for any such change or
cost overrun without the express written approval of the Agency. In no
event will the current loan be modified or a subsequent guaranteed loan
be approved to cover any such changes or costs. In the event of any of
the aforementioned increases in cost or expenses, the Borrower must
provide for such increases in a manner that does not diminish the
Borrower's operating capital. Failure to comply with the terms of this
paragraph (c) will be considered a Material Adverse Change in the
Borrower's financial condition, and the Lender must address this
matter, in writing, to the Agency's satisfaction.
    (d) New draw certifications. The following three certifications are
required for each new draw:
    (1) Certification by the Project engineer to the Lender that the
work referred to in the draw has been successfully completed;
    (2) Certification that all debts have been paid and all mechanics'
liens have been waived; and
    (3) Certification that the Borrower is complying with the Davis-
Bacon Act (see paragraph (h) of this section).
    (e) Surety. Surety, as the term is commonly used in the industry,
will be required. The Borrower must have either 100 percent
performance/payment bonds on the contractors or a guarantee from a
creditworthy parent entity or an alternative acceptable to the Lender
and the Agency and must be secured. The bonding agent must be listed on
Treasury Circular 570.
    (f) Equal opportunity. For all construction contracts in excess of
$10,000, the contractor must comply with Executive Order 11246,
entitled ``Equal Employment Opportunity,'' as amended by Executive
Order 11375, and as supplemented by applicable Department of Labor
regulations (41 CFR part 60). The Borrower and Lender are responsible
for ensuring that the contractor complies with these requirements.
    (g) Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Construction of or
addition to facilities that accommodate the public or commercial
facilities, as defined by the ADA, must comply with the ADA.
    (h) Wage rates. As a condition of receiving a loan guaranteed under
this subpart, each Borrower shall ensure that all laborers and
mechanics employed by contractors or subcontractors in the performance
of construction work financed in whole or in part with guaranteed loan
funds under this subpart shall be paid wages at rates not less than
those prevailing on similar construction in the locality as determined
by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with sections 3141 through
3144, 3146, and 3147 of title 40, U.S.C. Awards under this subpart are
further subject to the relevant regulations contained in 29 CFR part 5.
    (i) Reporting during construction. Lenders must submit monthly
construction and quarterly progress reports to the Agency, as specified
in paragraphs (i)(1) and (2), respectively, of this section and the
Borrower information specified in paragraph (i)(3) of this section.
    (1) Monthly construction reports documenting the use of the Project
funding until construction is completed. The reports must include the
following:
    (i) Certifications for each draw request:
    (A) Certification by the independent engineer to the Lender that
the work referred to in the draw has been successfully completed;
    (B) Certification from the Borrower and independent engineer or
that the proceeds of the prior draw have been applied to Eligible
Project Costs in accordance with the draw request and that the
contractors have delivered mechanics' lien waivers in connection with
such draw; and
    (C) Certification from the Borrower as to its compliance with the
Davis-Bacon Act confirmed by the independent engineer;
    (ii) List of invoices;
    (iii) Detail of equity and Guaranteed Loan funds paid to date;
    (iv) Status of construction and inspection reports; and
    (v) Concerns, potential problems, cost overruns, etc.
    (2) Quarterly progress reports by the end of each Calendar Quarter,
unless more frequent ones are needed as determined by the Agency,
through the time when the facility is producing at its designed
capacity at a steady state. These reports must contain, at a minimum,
planned and completed construction milestones, loan advances, and
personnel hiring, training, and retention and commissioning and ramp-up
milestones and performance reports. This requirement applies to both
the development and construction of Commercial-Scale Biorefineries and
to the Retrofitting of existing facilities using Eligible Technology
for the development of Advanced Biofuels and Biobased Products
including Renewable Chemicals. The Lender must expeditiously report any
problems in Project development to the Agency.
    (3) Once construction is completed, the Lender must provide the
Agency with:
    (i) A copy of all required material building permits, with sign-
offs;
    (ii) Notice of Completion or an Agency approved equivalent; and
    (iii) Final accounting of sources and uses of all Project funds.


Sec. Sec.  4279.257-4279.258   [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.259  Borrower responsibilities.

(a) Federal, State, and local regulations. Borrowers must comply
with all Federal, State, and local laws and rules that are in existence
and that affect the Project including, but not limited to:
    (1) Land use zoning;
    (2) Health, safety, and sanitation standards as well as design and
installation standards; and
    (3) Protection of the environment and consumer affairs.
    (b) Permits, agreements, and licenses. Borrowers must obtain all
permits,

[[Page 36438]]

agreements, and licenses that are applicable to the Project.
    (c) Insurance. The Borrower is responsible for maintaining all
hazard, flood, liability, worker compensation, and personal life
insurance, when required, for the Project.
    (d) Access to Borrower's records. Except as provided by law, upon
request by the Agency, the Borrower will permit representatives of the
Agency (or other Federal agencies as authorized by the Agency) to
inspect and make copies of any of the records of the Borrower's
Project. Such inspection and copying may be made during regular office
hours of the Borrower or at any other time agreed upon between the
Borrower and the Agency.
    (e) Access to the Project. The Borrower must allow the Agency
access to the Project and its performance information until the loan is
repaid in full and permit periodic inspections of the Project by a
representative of the Agency.

Applications


Sec.  4279.260  Guarantee applications--general.

(a) Application submittal. (1) For each guarantee request, the
Lender or the Borrower must submit to the Agency a non-binding letter
of intent to apply for loan guarantee not less than 30 calendar days
prior to the application deadline as provided in paragraph (b) of this
section. The letter must identify the Borrower, the Lender and Project
sponsors; describe the Project and Project location; describe the
proposed feedstock, primary technologies of the facility and primary
products produced; estimate the Total Project Cost and amount of loan
requested; and any additional information specified in the annual
Federal Register notice, if any. Applications that do not submit a
letter of intent may be accepted by the Agency at the Agency's
discretion.
    (2) For each guarantee request, the Lender must submit to the
Agency an application that is in conformance with Sec.  4279.261. The
methods of application submittal will be specified in the annual
Federal Register notice.
    (b) Application deadline. Unless otherwise specified by the Agency
in a notice published in the Federal Register, application deadlines
are October 1 and April 1 of each year. Complete applications must be
received by the Agency on or before April 1 of each year to be
considered for funding for that fiscal year. If the application
deadline falls on a weekend or an observed holiday, the deadline will
be the next Federal business day. The deadlines in this paragraph (b)
relate to Phase 1 applications in accordance with Sec.  4279.261.
    (c) Incomplete applications. Incomplete applications will be
rejected. Lenders will be informed of the elements that made the
application incomplete. If a resubmitted application is received by the
applicable application deadline, the Agency will reconsider the
application.
    (d) Application withdrawal. During the period between the
submission of an application and closing, the Lender must notify the
Agency, in writing, if the Project is no longer viable or the Borrower
is no longer requesting financial assistance for the Project. When the
Lender so notifies the Agency, the Agency will rescind the selection or
withdraw the application.
    (e) Application revisions and updates. During the period between
the submission of an application and closing, the Lender must notify
the Agency, in writing, of revisions to the Project including but not
limited to revisions to technology utilized in the Project, feedstock,
Off-Take Agreements, ownership structure, and Project financing. The
Agency may require submittal of updated application and supporting
materials. The Agency will complete the application priority scoring in
accordance with Sec.  4279.266 based on the application materials
received by the Agency prior to the application deadline. Subsequent
changes to an application that result in a lower priority score could
result in the Agency discontinuing processing of the application.


Sec.  4279.261  Application for loan guarantee content.

Lenders must submit a complete application for each loan guarantee
sought under this subpart. Components of an application are submitted
in two phases. Phase I applications, which are the initial application
submissions, must contain the information specified in paragraphs (a)
through (j) of this section, organized pursuant to a table of contents
in a chapter format. Phase 2 application components may be submitted
after the Agency invites the Lender and Borrower to make the phase 2
submittal and must contain the information specified in paragraph (k)
of this section.
    (a) Project Summary. Provide a concise summary of the proposed
Project and application information, Project purpose and need, and
Project goals, including the following:
    (1) Title. Provide a descriptive title of the Project.
    (2) Borrower eligibility. Describe how the Borrower meets the
eligibility criteria identified in Sec.  4279.209.
    (3) Project eligibility. Describe how the Project meets the
eligibility criteria identified in Sec.  4279.210. Clearly state
whether the application is for the construction and development of a
Biorefinery or for the Retrofitting of an existing facility. Additional
Project description information will be needed later in the application
process.
    (4) Project funds. Submit a Spreadsheet identifying sources,
amounts, and availability of funds. The Spreadsheet must also include a
directory of funds source contact information. Attach any applications,
correspondence, or other written communication between Borrower and
fund source.
    (5) Project timeline. A projected timeline detailing the timeline
commencing with the loan application phase 1, including the loan
application phase 2, final Project planning and engineering, obtaining
required permits, loan closing, plant construction, commissioning and
ramp up through stabilized state of operation.
    (b) Application form. Form RD 4279-1 or other Agency-approved
application form if specified in a Federal Register notice.
    (c) Financial statements. (1) The most recent audited financial
statements of the Borrower, unless alternative financial statements are
authorized by the Agency; and
    (2) A current (not more than 90 days old) balance sheet and a pro
forma balance sheet at startup.
    (d) Financial model. Submit a financial model for the Project in
the form of a financial modeling software program in an active
electronic format which includes, but is not limited to, a projected
Project budget and projected balance sheets, income and expense
statements, cash flow statements, and Working Capital and capital
expense projections for not less than the term of the loan. The
projections must be displayed in a monthly format for a period of three
years after stabilized operation and annually thereafter. Projections
should be supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for the
projections. Depending on the complexity of the Project and the
financial condition of the Borrower, the Agency may require additional
financial statements and additional related information.
    (e) Feasibility Study. The Feasibility Study should be prepared by
a qualified, independent third party using information gathered from
other qualified parties and documents such

[[Page 36439]]

as: independent engineer reports, marketing studies, feedstock studies,
business plans and financial statements prepared by a certified public
accountant. Any information used to prepare the Feasibility Study
should be submitted as attachments. Elements in an acceptable
Feasibility Study include, but are not limited to, the elements
outlined in Table 1 of this section.

Table 1--Feasibility Study Components
------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
(A) Executive summary

    Introduction/Project Overview (Brief general overview of Project
     location, size, etc.).
    Economic feasibility determination.
    Market feasibility determination.
    Technical feasibility determination.
    Financial feasibility determination.
    Management feasibility determination.
    Recommendations for implementation.

(B) Economic Feasibility

    Description of feedstock and confirmation that the feedstock is not
     used elsewhere in the production of Advanced Biofuels or Biobased
     Products including Renewable Chemicals.
    Feedstock:
        Feedstock source management,
        Estimates of feedstock volumes and costs,
        Collection, pre-treatment, transportation, and storage, and
        Feedstock risks.
    Documentation that woody biomass feedstock from National Forest
     system lands or public lands cannot be used for a higher-value
     product.
    Impacts on any other similar Biorefineries in the area in which the
     Borrower proposes to place the Project, defined as the area that
     will supply the feedstock to the proposed Project, if any.
    Impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities that
     use similar feedstock if the Borrower's proposed production
     technology is adopted.
    Projected impact on resource conservation, public health, and the
     environment.
    Information regarding Project site.
    Availability of trained or trainable labor.
    Availability of infrastructure, including utilities, and rail, air
     and road service to the site.
    Overall economic impact of the Project, including direct jobs,
     indirect jobs, additional markets created for agricultural and
     forestry products and agricultural waste material and the potential
     for Rural economic development.
    Feasibility/plans of Project to work with producer associations or
     cooperatives and the estimated amount of annual feedstock purchased
     from or sold to producer associations and cooperatives.

(C) Market Feasibility

    Information on the sales organization and management.
    Nature and extent of market and market area.
    Marketing plans for sale of projected output--principal products and
     Byproducts.
    Extent of competition, including other similar facilities in the
     market area.
    Commitments from purchasers of off-take--principal products and
     secondary products, degree of commitment, duration or terms of Off-
     Take Agreements, and financial strength of counterparties.
    Risks related to the industry, including:
        Industry status;
        Specific market risks; and
        Competitive threats and advantages.

(D) Technical Feasibility

    Suitability of the selected site for the intended use.
    Scale of development for which the process technology has been
     proven (i.e., pilot, demonstration, or Semi-Work Scale Facility).
     Provide results from pilot, demonstration, or Semi-Work Scale
     Facilities that prove that the technology proposed to be used is
     feasible and stands a good chance of being successful. The proposed
     technology must meet the definition of Eligible technology.
    The degree of integration of all processes should be detailed and a
     summary of any integrated demonstration unit test results should be
     submitted.
    Specific volume produced from the technology of the process
     (expressed either as volume of feedstock processed [tons per unit
     of time] or as product [gallons per unit of time]).
    Identification and estimation of Project operation and development
     costs. Specify the level of accuracy of these estimates and the
     assumptions on which these estimates have been based. Detailed
     analysis of Project costs including: Project management and
     professional services; resource assessment; Project design and
     permitting; land agreements and site preparation; equipment
     requirements and system installation; startup and shakedown; and
     warranties, insurance, financing and operation and maintenance
     costs.
    A projected timeline detailing Borrower plans from the time of loan
     application through plant construction, commissioning and ramp up
     should be included.
    Ability of the proposed system to be commercially replicated.
    Risks related to:
        Construction of the Biorefinery;
        Production of the Advanced Biofuel and Biobased Product
         including Renewable Chemical;
        Regulation and governmental action;
        Design-related factors that may affect Project success; and
        Technology scale up risk.

(E) Financial Feasibility

    Reliability of the financial projections and the assumptions on
     which the financial statements are based, including all sources and
     uses of Project capital, private or public Federal and non-Federal
     funds. Provide detailed analysis and description of projected
     balance sheets, income and expense statements, and cash flow
     statements over the useful life of the Project.
    A detailed description of and the degree financial feasibility is
     dependent on:

[[Page 36440]]


        Investment incentives;
        Productivity incentives;
        Loans and grants; and
        Other Project authorities RINs value, tax credits, other
         credits, and subsidies that affect the Project.
    Any constraints or limitations in the financial projections.
    Ability of the business to achieve the projected income and cash
     flow.
    Assessment of the cost accounting system.
    Availability of short-term credit or other means to meet seasonal
     business costs.
    Adequacy of raw materials and supplies.
    Sensitivity analysis, including feedstock and energy costs and
     product and Byproduct prices.
    Risks related to:
        The Project;
        Borrower financing plan;
        The operational units; and
        Tax issues.

(F) Management Feasibility

    Borrower and/or management's previous experience concerning:
        Production of Advanced Biofuel, and Biobased Product including
         Renewable Chemicals, as applicable;
        Acquisition of feedstock;
        Marketing and sale of off-take; and
        The receipt of Federal financial assistance, including amount of
         funding, date received, purpose, and outcome.
    Management plan for procurement of feedstock and labor, marketing of
     the off-take, and management succession.
    Risks related to:
        Borrower as a company (e.g., development-stage);
        Conflicts of Interest; and
        Management strengths and weaknesses.

(G) Qualifications

    A resume or statement of qualifications of the author and
     contributors of the Feasibility Study, including prior experience,
     must be submitted.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(f) Business Plan. The Lender must submit the Borrower's business
plan that includes the information specified in paragraphs (f)(1)
through (10) of this section. Any or all of this information may be
omitted if it is included in the Feasibility Study specified in
paragraph (e) of this section.
    (1) Describe or provide an organizational chart of the Borrower's
ownership structure and affiliation with other entities, if any. The
names and a description of the relationship of the Borrower's parent,
Affiliates, and subsidiaries. Identify local ownership.
    (2) The Borrower's succession planning, addressing both ownership
and management.
    (3) The Borrower's experience and management experience.
    (4) The products and services to be provided and the Borrower's
business strategy.
    (5) Possible vendors and models of major system components.
    (6) The availability of the resources (e.g., labor, raw materials,
supplies) necessary to provide the planned products and services.
    (7) Site location and its relation to product distribution (e.g.,
rail lines or highways) and any land use or other permits necessary to
operate the facility.
    (8) The market for the product and its competition, including any
and all competitive threats and advantages.
    (9) Projected balance sheets, income and expense statements, and
cash flow statements for a period of not less than three years of
stabilized operation.
    (10) A description of the proposed use of funds.
    (g) Scoring information. The application must contain information
in a format that is responsive to the scoring criteria specified in
Sec.  4279.266.
    (h) Intergovernmental consultation. Intergovernmental consultation
comments in accordance with 2 CFR part 415, subpart C or successor
regulation.
    (i) DUNS Number. For Borrowers other than individuals, a Dun and
Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number, which can be
obtained online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
    (j) Other information. Any other information determined by the
Agency to be necessary to evaluate the application.
    (k) Phase 2 application contents. (1) Updates, as appropriate, to
contents of application materials submitted in application phase 1.
    (2) An appraisal conducted as specified under Sec.  4279.244.
    (3) A proposed Loan Agreement or a sample Loan Agreement with an
attached list of the proposed Loan Agreement provisions as specified in
paragraphs (k)(3)(i) through (ix) of this section.
    (i) Prohibition against assuming liabilities or obligations of
others.
    (ii) Restriction on dividend payments.
    (iii) Limitation on the purchase or sale of equipment and fixed
assets.
    (iv) Limitation on compensation of officers and owners.
    (v) Minimum Working Capital or current ratio requirement.
    (vi) Maximum debt-to-net worth ratio.
    (vii) Restrictions concerning consolidations, mergers, or other
circumstances.
    (viii) Limitations on selling the business without the concurrence
of the Lender.
    (ix) Repayment and amortization of the loan.
    (4) Environmental Assessment must meet the policies and
requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act and the Agency
(as specified in Exhibit H of 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G.) Guidelines
for preparing the Environmental Assessment are available from the
Agency and published in the annual Federal Register notice.
    (5) Under the direction of the Agency, an evaluation and rating of
the total Project's indebtedness, without consideration for a
government guarantee, from a nationally-recognized statistical rating
organization (NRSRO), as defined by the U.S. Security and Exchange
Commission, for all Projects with total Eligible Project Costs of $25
million or more unless as otherwise specified by the Agency in a notice
published in the Federal Register. The evaluation and rating must be in
the form of an indicative private rating,

[[Page 36441]]

private credit analysis, or comparable analysis report and include a
rating in accordance with the NRSRO's credit rating scales and include
a recovery analysis. An updated rating may be required at the Agency's
discretion if changes are subsequently made to the Project including
changes to any contracts and agreements or changes to loan terms and
conditions.
    (6) Lender's analysis and credit evaluation that conforms to Sec.
4279.215 and must include the information specified in paragraphs
(k)(6)(i) and (ii) of this section.
    (i) The credit reports of the Borrower, its principals, and any
parent, Affiliate, or subsidiary as follows:
    (A) Unless otherwise determined by the Agency, a personal credit
report from an Agency-approved credit reporting company for individuals
who are key employees of the Borrower, as determined by the Agency, and
for individuals owning 20 percent or more interest in the Borrower or
any owner with more than 10 percent ownership interest in the Borrower
if there is no owner with more than 20 percent ownership interest in
the Borrower, except for when the Borrower is a corporation listed on a
major stock exchange; and
    (B) Commercial credit reports on the Borrower and any parent,
Affiliate, and subsidiary firms.
    (ii) Financial and sensitivity review using a financial modeling
software program or a banking industry software analysis program with
industry standards, when appropriate.
    (7) Whether the Loan Note Guarantee is requested prior to
construction or after completion of construction of the Project.
    (8) The technical assessment must be completed by a qualified
independent engineer and must demonstrate that the design, procurement,
installation, startup, operation and maintenance of the Project will
permit it to operate or perform as specified over its useful life in a
reliable and a cost effective manner, and must identify what the useful
life of the Project is. The technical assessment must also identify all
necessary Project agreements, demonstrate that those agreements will be
in place at or before the time of loan closing, and demonstrate that
necessary Project equipment and services will be available over the
useful life of the Project. The technical assessment must be based upon
verifiable data and contain sufficient information and analysis so that
a determination can be made on the technical feasibility of achieving
the levels of income or production that are projected in the financial
statements. All technical information provided must follow the format
specified in paragraphs (k)(8)(i) through (ix) of this section.
Supporting information may be submitted in other formats. Design
drawings and process flow charts are required as exhibits. A discussion
of a topic identified in paragraphs (k)(8)(i) through (ix) of this
section is not necessary if the topic is not applicable to the specific
Project. Questions identified in the Agency's technical review of the
Project must be answered to the Agency's satisfaction before the
application will be approved. All Projects require the services of an
independent, third-party professional engineer.
    (i) Qualifications of Project team. The Project team will vary
according to the complexity and scale of the Project. The Project team
must have demonstrated expertise in similar Advanced Biofuel and
Biobased Product including Renewable Chemical, as applicable,
technology development, engineering, installation, and maintenance.
Identify Borrower's, including its principals', prior experience in
bioenergy projects and the receipt of Federal financial assistance,
including the amount of funding, date received, purpose, and outcome,
for such projects. Authoritative evidence that Project team service
providers have the necessary professional credentials or relevant
experience to perform the required services for the development,
construction, and Retrofitting, as applicable, of technology for
producing Advanced Biofuels and Biobased Products including Renewable
Chemicals, if applicable, must be provided. In addition, authoritative
evidence that vendors of proprietary components can provide necessary
equipment and spare parts for the facility to operate over its useful
life must be provided. The application must:
    (A) Discuss the proposed Project delivery method. Such methods
include a design-bid-build method, where a separate engineering firm
may design the Project and prepare a request for bids and the
successful bidder constructs the Project at the Borrower's risk, and a
design -build method, often referred to as ``turnkey,'' where the
Borrower establishes the specifications for the Project and secures the
services of a developer who will design and build the Project at the
developer's risk;
    (B) Discuss the manufacturers of major components of Advanced
Biofuels and Biobased Product including Renewable Chemical technology
equipment being considered in terms of the length of time in business
and the number of units installed at the capacity and scale being
considered;
    (C) Discuss the Project team members' qualifications for
engineering, designing, and installing similar projects, including any
relevant certifications by recognized organizations or bodies. Provide
a list of the same or similar projects designed, installed, or supplied
and currently operating, with references if available; and
    (D) Describe the facility operator's qualifications and experience
for servicing, operating, and maintaining such equipment or projects.
Provide a list of the same or similar projects designed, installed, or
supplied and currently operating, with references if available.
    (ii) Agreements and permits. The application must identify all
necessary agreements and permits required for the Project and the
status and schedule for securing those agreements and permits,
including the items specified in paragraphs (k)(8)(ii)(A) through (F)
of this section.
    (A) All facilities funded under this subpart must be installed in
accordance with applicable local, State, and national codes and
applicable local, State, and Federal regulations. Identify zoning and
code requirements and necessary permits and the schedule for meeting
those requirements and securing those permits.
    (B) Identify licenses where required and the schedule for obtaining
those licenses.
    (C) Identify land use agreements required for the Project, the
schedule for securing those agreements, and the term of those
agreements.
    (D) Identify any permits or agreements required for solid, liquid,
and gaseous emissions or effluents and the schedule for securing those
permits and agreements.
    (E) Identify available component warranties for the specific
Project location and size.
    (F) Identify all environmental issues, including environmental
compliance issues, associated with the Project.
    (iii) Resource assessment. The application must provide adequate
and appropriate evidence of the availability of the feedstocks required
for the facility to operate as designed. Indicate the type and quantity
of the feedstock, and discuss storage of the feedstock, where
applicable, and competing uses for the feedstock. Indicate shipping or
receiving methods and required infrastructure for shipping, and other
appropriate transportation mechanisms including methods and systems to
prevent the spread of invasive species. For proposed

[[Page 36442]]

Projects with an established resource, provide a summary of the
resource.
    (iv) Design and engineering. The application must provide
authoritative evidence that the facility will be designed and
engineered so as to meet its intended purposes, will ensure public
safety, and will comply with applicable laws, regulations, agreements,
permits, codes, and standards. Projects shall be engineered by a
qualified entity. Each facility must be engineered as a complete,
integrated facility. The engineering must be comprehensive, including
site selection, systems and component selection, and systems monitoring
equipment. All Projects funded under this subpart must be constructed
by a qualified entity.
    (A) The application must include a concise but complete description
of the Project, including location of the Project; resource
characteristics, including the kind and amount of feedstocks; facility
specifications; kind, amount, and quality of the output; and monitoring
equipment. Address performance on a monthly and annual basis. Describe
the uses of or the market for the Advanced Biofuels and Biobased
Product including Renewable Chemical produced by the facility. Discuss
the impact of reduced or interrupted feedstock availability on the
facility's operations.
    (B) The application must include:
    (1) A description of the Project site that addresses issues such as
site access, foundations, and backup equipment when applicable;
    (2) A completed Form RD 1940-20 and an environmental assessment
prepared in accordance with Exhibit H of 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G;
and
    (3) Identification of any unique construction and installation
issues.
    (C) Sites must be controlled by the eligible Borrower for at least
the financing term of the Loan Note Guarantee.
    (v) Project development schedule. The application must describe
each significant task, its beginning and end, and its relationship to
the time needed to initiate and carry the Project through startup and
shakedown. Provide a detailed description of the Project timeline
including resource assessment, Project and site design, permits and
agreements, equipment procurement, and Project construction from
excavation through startup and shakedown.
    (vi) Equipment procurement. The application must demonstrate that
equipment required by the facility is available and can be procured and
delivered within the proposed Project development schedule. Projects
funded under this subpart may be constructed of components manufactured
in more than one location. Provide a description of any unique
equipment procurement issues such as scheduling and timing of component
manufacture and delivery, ordering, warranties, shipping, receiving,
and on-site storage or inventory.
    (vii) Equipment installation. The application must provide a full
description of the management of and plan for site development and
systems installation, details regarding the scheduling of major
installation equipment needed for Project construction, and a
description of the startup and shakedown specification and process and
the conditions required for startup and shakedown for each equipment
item individually and for the facility as a whole.
    (viii) Operations and maintenance. The application must provide the
operations and maintenance requirements of the facility necessary for
the facility to operate as designed over its useful life. The
application must also include:
    (A) Information regarding available facility and component
warranties and availability of spare parts;
    (B) A description of the routine operations and maintenance
requirements of the proposed facility, including maintenance schedules
for the mechanical, piping, and electrical systems and system
monitoring and control requirements, as well as provision of
information that supports expected useful life of the facility and
timing of major component replacement or rebuilds;
    (C) A discussion of the costs and labor associated with operating
and maintaining the facility and plans for in-sourcing or outsourcing.
A description of the opportunities for technology transfer for long-
term Project operations and maintenance by a local entity or owner/
operator; and
    (D) Provision and discussion of the risk management plan for
handling large, unanticipated failures of major components.
    (ix) Decommissioning. A description of the decommissioning process,
when the Project must be uninstalled or removed. A description of any
issues, requirements, and costs for removal and disposal of the
facility.


Sec. Sec.  4279.262-4279.264  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.265  Guarantee application processing.

(a) Eligibility determination. Upon receipt of a complete Phase 1
application, the Agency will determine if the Borrower, Lender, and
Project are eligible and if the Project is technically and economically
feasible, as provided under paragraph (b) of this section.
    (1) If the Borrower, Lender, or the Project is determined to be
ineligible for any reason, the Agency will inform the Lender, in
writing, of the reasons. No further evaluation of the application will
occur.
    (2) If the Agency determines it is unable to guarantee the loan,
the Agency will inform the Lender in writing. Such notification will
include the reasons for denial of the guarantee.
    (b) Technical and economic feasibility. (1) The Agency's
determination of a Project's technical and economic feasibility will be
based on:
    (i) The Agency's analysis of the technical report and Feasibility
Study submitted in the application conducted by qualified independent
third parties;
    (ii) The Lenders credit evaluation; and
    (iii) Other application materials.
    (2) The Agency's determination of a Project's technical feasibility
will be based on the technical report. In addition, prior to loan
closing of a Project utilizing technology that does not have a history
of successful utilization in a Commercial-Scale operation of a
Biorefinery that produces an Advanced Biofuel, evidence demonstrating
120 days of continuous, steady state production from an integrated
demonstration unit must be provided by the Borrower to the Lender and
the Agency for review and determination of technical feasibility.
Authoritative demonstration campaign results must be provided in 30-day
intervals. The integrated demonstration unit must prove out the
Project's ability to utilize Project-relevant biomass and produce
Advanced Biofuel at a yield and quality consistent with the design
basis of the Project. The Borrower must provide to the Agency, for
review and approval, sufficient information on the integrated campaign
design so as to ensure operation duration, quality, and quantity
specifications are met and incorporated into the final design criteria
for the commercial facility.
    (3) Projects determined by the Agency to be without technical or
economic feasibility will not be selected for funding.


Sec.  4279.266  Guarantee application scoring.

Using the evaluation criteria identified in this section, the
Agency will score each eligible Biorefinery application that meets the
minimum requirements for technical and economic feasibility. A maximum
of 125 points is possible. The Agency will

[[Page 36443]]

award points based on its review and analysis of all application
materials. Clarifications for the scoring on Biobased Product
Manufacturing applications will be made available by a notice published
in the Federal Register.
    (a) Whether the Borrower has established a market for the Advanced
Biofuel and the Biobased Products including Renewable Chemicals, as
applicable. A maximum of 20 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded
will be determined as follows:
    (1) Degree of commitment of Off-Take Agreements. A maximum of 6
points will be awarded.
    (i) If the Borrower has signed Off-Take Agreements for purchase for
greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of off-take, 6 points will
be awarded.
    (ii) If the Borrower has signed letters of intent to enter into
Off-Take Agreements, or comparable documentation, for the purchase for
greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of off-take, or combination
of signed contracts or agreements and letters of intent or comparable
documentation, 4 points will be awarded.
    (iii) If the Borrower has signed letters of interest to enter into
Off-Take Agreements, or comparable documentation, for the purchase for
greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of off-take, or combination
of signed Off-Take Agreements, letters of intent, letters of intent or
comparable documentation, 2 points will be awarded.
    (2) Duration of Off-Take Agreements. A maximum of 6 points will be
awarded.
    (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements prior
to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of
the dollar value of off-take for the period not less than the loan
term, 6 points will be awarded.
    (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements
prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50
percent of the dollar value of off-take for the period not less than
five years but less than the term of the loan, 4 points will be
awarded.
    (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements
prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50
percent of the dollar value of off-take for the period not less than
one year but less than five years, 2 points will be awarded.
    (3) Financial strength of the off-take counterparty. A maximum of 4
points will be awarded.
    (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements prior
to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of
the dollar value of off-take with an off-take counterparty with a
corporate credit rating not less than AA, Aa2, or equivalent, 4 points
will be awarded.
    (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements
prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50
percent of the dollar value of off-take with an off-take counterparty
with a corporate credit rating less than AA, Aa2, or equivalent, but
not less than A-, or A3, or equivalent, 2 points will be awarded.
    (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into Off-Take Agreements
prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50
percent of the dollar value of off-take with an off-take counterparty
with a corporate credit rating less than A-, or A3, or equivalent, but
not less than BBB-, or Baa3, or equivalent, 1 point will be awarded.
    (4) Revenue dependency on tax credits, carbon credits, or other
Federal or State subsidies. A maximum of 4 points will be awarded.
    (i) If total of revenues from tax credits, carbon credits, or other
Federal or State subsidies is less than or equal to 10 percent of the
Project's total revenues on an annual basis, in the Borrower's base
case of financial projections, 4 points will be awarded.
    (ii) If total of revenues from tax credits, carbon credits, or
other Federal or State subsidies is greater than 10 percent but less
than or equal to 20 percent of the Project's total revenues on an
annual basis, in the Borrower's base case of financial projections, 2
points will be awarded.
    (iii) If total of revenues from tax credits, carbon credits, or
other Federal or State subsidies is greater than 20 percent but less
than or equal to 30 percent of the Project's total revenues on an
annual basis, in the Borrower's base case of financial projections, 1
point will be awarded.
    (b) Whether the area in which the Borrower proposes to place the
Project, defined as the area that will supply the feedstock to the
proposed Project, has any other similar facilities. A maximum of 5
points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as
follows:
    (1) If the area that will supply the feedstock to the proposed
Project does not have any other similar facilities, 5 points will be
awarded.
    (2) If there are other similar facilities located within the area
that will supply the feedstock to the proposed Project, 0 points will
be awarded.
    (c) Whether the Borrower is proposing to use a feedstock or
biobased output of Biorefineries not previously used in the production
of Advanced Biofuels or Biobased Products including Renewable
Chemicals. A maximum of 10 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded
will be determined as follows:
    (1) If the Borrower proposes to use a feedstock previously used in
the production of Advanced Biofuels and Biobased Product including
Renewable Chemicals in a commercial facility, 0 points will be awarded.
    (2) If the Borrower proposes to use a feedstock not previously used
in production of Advanced Biofuels and Biobased Product including
Renewable Chemicals in a commercial facility, 10 points will be
awarded.
    (d) Whether the Borrower is proposing to work with producer
associations or cooperatives. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded.
Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:
    (1) If at least 50 percent of the dollar value of feedstock to be
used by the proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations
and cooperatives, 5 points will be awarded.
    (2) If at least 30 percent of the dollar value of feedstock to be
used by the proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations
and cooperatives, 3 points will be awarded.
    (e) The level of financial participation by the Borrower, including
support from non-Federal government sources and private sources. A
maximum of 20 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be
determined as follows:
    (1) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct
Federal funding is less than or equal to 50 percent of total Eligible
Project Cost, 20 points will be awarded.
    (2) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct
Federal funding is greater than 50 percent but less than or equal to 55
percent of total Eligible Project Cost, 16 points will be awarded.
    (3) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct
Federal funding is greater than 55 percent but less than or equal to 60
percent of total Eligible Project Cost, 12 points will be awarded.
    (4) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding
is greater than 60 percent but less than or equal to 65 percent of
total Eligible Project Cost, 8 points will be awarded.
    (5) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding
is greater than 65 percent but less than or equal to 70 percent of
total Eligible Project Cost, 4 points will be awarded.
    (f) Whether the Borrower has established that the adoption of the
process proposed in the application will

[[Page 36444]]

have a positive effect on three impact areas: resource conservation
(e.g., water, soil, forest), public health (e.g., potable water, air
quality), and the environment (e.g., compliance with an applicable
renewable fuel standard, greenhouse gases, emissions, particulate
matter). A maximum of 10 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded
will be determined as follows:
    (1) If process adoption will have a positive impact on any one of
the three impact areas (resource conservation, public health, or the
environment), 3 points will be awarded.
    (2) If process adoption will have a positive impact on two of the
three impact areas, 6 points will be awarded.
    (3) If process adoption will have a positive impact on all three
impact areas, 10 points will be awarded.
    (4) If the Project proposes to use a feedstock that can be used for
human or animal consumption, 5 points will be deducted from the score.
    (g) Whether the Borrower can establish that, if adopted, the
technology proposed in the application will not have any economically
significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other
facilities that use similar feedstocks or biobased outputs of
Biorefineries. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be
awarded will be determined as follows:
    (1) If the Borrower has failed to establish, through an independent
third-party Feasibility Study, that the production technology proposed
in the application, if adopted, will not have any economically
significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other
facilities that use similar feedstocks, 0 points will be awarded.
    (2) If the Borrower has established, through an independent third-
party Feasibility Study, that the production technology proposed in the
application, if adopted, will not have any economically significant
negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities
that use similar feedstocks, 5 points will be awarded.
    (3) If the feedstock is wood pellets, no points will be awarded
under this criterion.
    (h) The potential for Rural economic development. A maximum of 20
points will be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as
follows:
    (1) If the Project is located in a Rural Area, 5 points will be
awarded.
    (2) If the Project creates jobs through direct employment with an
average wage that exceeds the County median household wages where the
Project will be located, 5 points will be awarded.
    (3) If the majority of feedstock to be utilized by the Project, on
an annual basis, is harvested from the land, 10 points will be awarded.
    (i) The level of local ownership of the facility proposed in the
application. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded
will be determined as follows:
    (1) If Local Owners have an ownership interest in the facility of
more than 20 percent but less than or equal to 50 percent, 3 points
will be awarded.
    (2) If Local Owners have an ownership interest in the facility of
more than 50 percent, 5 points will be awarded.
    (j) Whether the Project can be replicated. A maximum of 10 points
can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:
    (1) If the Project can be commercially replicated regionally (e.g.,
Northeast, Southwest, etc.), 5 points will be awarded.
    (2) If the Project can be commercially replicated nationally, 10
points will be awarded.
    (k) If the Project uses a particular technology, system, or process
that is not currently operating at Commercial Scale as of October 1 of
the fiscal year for which the funding is available, 5 points will be
awarded.
    (l) The Administrator can award up to a maximum of 10 bonus points:
    (1) To ensure, to the extent practical, there is diversity in the
types of Projects approved for loan guarantees to ensure as wide a
range as possible technologies, products, and approaches are assisted
in the Program portfolio; and
    (2) To applications that promote partnerships and other activities
that assist in the development of new and emerging technologies for the
development of Advanced Biofuels and Biobased Products including
Renewable Chemicals, so as to, as applicable, increase the energy
independence of the United States or reduce our dependence on
petroleum-based chemicals and products; promote resource conservation,
public health, and the environment; diversify markets for agricultural
and forestry products and agriculture waste material; and create jobs
and enhance the economic development of the Rural economy. These
partnerships and other activities will be identified in a Federal
Register notice each fiscal year.


Sec.  4279.267  Selecting guarantee applications.

(a) Allocation of budget authority. In administering this Program's
budgetary authority each fiscal year, the Agency will allocate up to,
but no more, than 50 percent of its budgetary authority, excluding
funding for Biobased Product Manufacturing Projects, to fund
applications received by the end of the first application window,
including those carried over from the previous application period. Any
funds not obligated to support applications submitted by the end of the
first application window will be available to support applications
received by the end of the second window, including those carried over
from the previous application period. The Agency, therefore, will have
a minimum of 50 percent of each fiscal year's budgetary authority for
this Program available to support applications received by the end of
the second application window. Administrative procedures for the
funding of Biobased Product Manufacturing Projects will be made
available by a Notice published in the Federal Register.
    (b) Ranking of applications. The Agency will rank all complete
eligible applications to create a priority list of scored Phase 1
applications for the Program. Unless otherwise specified in a notice
published in the Federal Register, the Agency will rank applications by
approximately October 31 for complete and eligible applications
received on or before October 1 and by approximately April 30 for
complete and eligible applications received on or before April 1. All
Phase 1 applications received on or before October 1 and April 1 will
be ranked by the Agency and will be competed against the other
applications received on or before such date.
    (c) Selection of applications for funding. The Agency will invite
applicants to submit Phase 2 applications based on the criteria
specified in paragraphs (c)(1) through (3) of this section. The Agency
will notify, in writing, Lenders whose applications have been selected.
    (1) Ranking. The Agency will consider the score an application has
received compared to the scores of other applications in the priority
list created under paragraph (b) of this section, with highest scoring
applications receiving first consideration for invitation to the phase
2 submittal. A minimum score of 55 points is required in order to be
considered for a guarantee.
    (2) Availability of budgetary authority. The Agency will consider
the size of the request relative to the budgetary authority that
remains available to the Program during the fiscal year.
    (i) If there is insufficient budgetary authority during a
particular funding period to select a higher scoring application, the
Agency may elect to select the next highest scoring

[[Page 36445]]

application for further processing. Before this occurs, the Agency will
provide the Borrower of the higher scoring application the opportunity
to reduce the amount of its request to the amount of budgetary
authority available. If the Borrower agrees to lower its request, it
must certify that the purposes of the Project can be met, and the
Agency must determine the Project is financially feasible at the lower
amount.
    (ii) If the amount of funding required is greater than 25 percent
of the Program's outstanding budgetary authority, the Agency may elect
to select the next highest scoring application for further processing,
provided the higher scoring Borrower is notified of this action and
given an opportunity to revise their application and resubmit it for an
amount less than or equal to 25 percent of the Program's outstanding
budgetary authority.
    (3) Availability of other funding sources. If other financial
assistance is needed for the Project, the Agency will consider the
availability of other funding sources. If the Lender cannot demonstrate
that funds from these sources are available at the time of selecting
applications for funding or potential funding, the Agency may instead
select the next highest scoring application for further processing
ahead of the higher scoring application.
    (d) Ranked applications not selected for phase 2. A ranked
application that is not invited to submit phase 2 in the application
cycle in which it was submitted will be carried forward one additional
application cycle, which may be in the next fiscal year. The Agency
will notify the Lender in writing.


Sec. Sec.  4279.268-4279.277  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.278  Loan approval and obligating funds.

(a) Applications for loan guarantees may be approved as their Phase
2 applications are completed and approved. If an application has been
selected for phase 2, but has not been approved because additional
information is needed, the Agency will notify, in writing, the Lender
of what information is needed, including a timeframe for the Lender to
provide the information. If the Lender does not provide the information
within the specified timeframe, the Agency will remove the application
from further consideration and will so notify the Lender in writing.
    (b) Upon approval of a loan guarantee application, the Agency will
issue a Conditional Commitment to the Lender containing conditions
under which a Loan Note Guarantee will be issued. The Agency will not
issue a Conditional Commitment until the Agency has satisfactorily
completed a Civil Rights Impact Analysis. The Conditional Commitment
becomes null and void unless the conditions are accepted by the Lender
and Borrower within 60 days from the date of issuance by USDA. If the
conditions are not met or the Loan Note Guarantee is not issued by the
Conditional Commitment expiration date, the Agency may extend the
Conditional Commitment expiration date when requested by the Lender and
only if there has been no Material Adverse Change in the Borrower's or
Borrowers' financial condition since issuance of the Conditional
Commitment.
    (c) The Lender and Borrower may request changes to the Conditional
Commitment. The Agency may negotiate with the Lender and the Borrower
regarding any proposed changes to the Conditional Commitment. Any
changes to the Conditional Commitment must be documented by written
amendment to the Conditional Commitment. The changes must be for Good
Cause and the Agency may deny, solely at is discretion, changes to the
Conditional Commitment even if the change is otherwise in compliance
with this subpart.
    (d) The Borrower must comply with all Federal requirements then in
effect for receiving Federal assistance.


Sec.  4279.279  Transfer of Lenders.

(a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new eligible
Lender in place of a former Lender who has been issued an outstanding
Conditional Commitment when the Loan Note Guarantee has not yet been
issued provided that there are no changes in the:
    (1) Borrower's ownership or control, loan purposes, or scope of
Project;
    (2) Loan terms and conditions in the Conditional Commitment; and
    (3) Loan Agreement.
    (b) The Agency must determine that the new Lender is eligible in
accordance with Sec.  4279.208 prior to approving the substitution. The
original Lender must provide the Agency with a letter stating the
reasons it no longer desires to be a Lender for the Project. The
substituted Lender must execute a new part B of Form 4279-1 and
Lender's Agreement (unless a valid Lender's Agreement with the Agency
already exists), and must complete a new Lender's analysis in
accordance with Sec.  4279.215. The new Lender may also be required to
provide other updated application items outlined in Sec.  4279.261(k).


Sec.  4279.280  Changes in Borrowers.

Any changes in Borrower ownership or organization prior to the
issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee must meet the eligibility
requirements of the Program and be approved by the Agency.


Sec.  4279.281  Conditions precedent to issuance of Loan Note
Guarantee.

The Lender must not close the loan until all conditions of the
Conditional Commitment are met or can be met. When loan closing plans
are established, the Lender must notify the Agency in writing.
    (a) Coincident with, or immediately after loan closing, the Lender
must provide the following forms and documents to the Agency:
    (1) An executed Lender's Agreement;
    (2) Form RD 1980-19, ``Guaranteed Loan Closing Report,'' and
appropriate guarantee fee;
    (3) Copy of the executed Promissory Note(s);
    (4) Copy of the executed Loan Agreement;
    (5) Copy of the executed settlement statement and updated source
and use statement including all Project funding;
    (6) Original, executed Forms RD 4279-14, as appropriate;
    (7) Borrower's loan closing balance sheet; and
    (8) Any other documents required to comply with applicable law or
required by the Conditional Commitment or the Agency.
    (b) The Lender must provide their certification to each condition
specified in paragraphs (b)(1) through (16) of this section. The Lender
may rely on certain written materials (including but not limited to
certifications, evaluations, appraisals, financial statements and other
reports) to be provided by the Borrower or other qualified third
parties (including, among others, one or more independent engineers,
appraisers, accountants, attorneys, consultants or other experts.) If
the Lender is unable to provide any of the certifications required
under this section, the Lender must provide an explanation satisfactory
to the Agency as to why the Lender is unable to provide the
certification. The Lender can request the guarantee prior to
construction, but must still certify to all conditions in paragraphs
(b)(1) through (16) of this section.
    (1) If required, hazard, flood, liability, worker compensation, and
life insurance are in effect.
    (2) All truth-in-lending and equal credit opportunity requirements
have been met.
    (3) The loan has been properly closed, and the required security
instruments

[[Page 36446]]

have been properly executed, or will be promptly obtained on any
property that cannot be immediately secured under State law.
    (4) The Borrower has or will have marketable title to the
Collateral, subject to the guaranteed loan and to any other exceptions
approved in writing by the Agency.
    (5) The loan proceeds have been or will be disbursed for purposes
and in amounts consistent with the Conditional Commitment and the
application submitted to the Agency.
    (6) When required, personal or corporate guarantees have been
obtained in accordance with Sec.  4279.245.
    (7) All requirements of the Conditional Commitment have been met.
    (8) Lien priorities are consistent with the requirements of the
Conditional Commitment. No claims or liens of laborers, subcontractors,
suppliers of machinery and equipment, materialmen, or other parties
have been filed against the Collateral and no suits are pending or
threatened that would adversely affect the Collateral when the security
instruments are filed.
    (9) There has been neither any Material Adverse Change in the
Borrower's financial condition nor any other Material Adverse Change in
the Borrower, for any reason, during the period of time from the
Agency's issuance of the Conditional Commitment to issuance of the Loan
Note Guarantee regardless of the cause or causes of the change and
whether or not the change or causes of the change were within the
Lender's or Borrower's control. The Lender must address any assumptions
or reservations in this certification and must address all Material
Adverse Changes of the Borrower, any parent, Affiliate, or subsidiary
of the Borrower, and guarantors.
    (10) Neither the Lender nor any of the Lender's officers has an
ownership interest in the Borrower or is an officer or director of the
Borrower, and neither the Borrower nor its officers, directors,
stockholders, or other owners have more than a 5 percent ownership
interest in the Lender.
    (11) The Loan Agreement includes all Borrower compliance measures
identified in the Agency's environmental review process for avoiding or
reducing adverse environmental impacts of the Project's construction or
operation.
    (12) For loans exceeding $150,000, the Lender has certified its
compliance with the Anti-Lobby Act (18 U.S.C. 1913). Also, if any funds
have been, or will be, paid to any Person for influencing or attempting
to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a member of
Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a
member of Congress in connection with this commitment providing for the
United States to guarantee a loan, the Lender must completely disclose
such lobbying activities in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1352.
    (13) Where applicable, the Lender must certify that the Borrower
has obtained:
    (i) A legal opinion relative to the title to rights-of-way and
easements. Lenders are responsible for ensuring that Borrowers have
obtained valid, continuous, and adequate rights-of-way and easements
needed for the construction, operation and maintenance of a facility;
and
    (ii) A title opinion or title insurance showing ownership of the
land and all mortgages or other lien defects, restrictions, or
encumbrances, if any. It is the responsibility of the Lender to ensure
that the Borrower has obtained and recorded such releases, consents, or
subordinations to such property rights from holders of outstanding
liens or other instruments as may be necessary for the construction,
operation and maintenance of the facility and to provide the required
security. For example, when a site is for utility-type facilities (such
as a gas distribution system) and the Lender and Borrower are able to
obtain only a right-of-way or easement on such site rather than a fee
simple title, such a title opinion must be provided.
    (14) Each Borrower shall certify to the Lender that all laborers
and mechanics employed by contractors or subcontractors in the
performance of construction work financed in whole or in part with
guaranteed loan funds under this subpart shall be paid wages at rates
not less than those prevailing on similar construction in the locality
as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with 40 U.S.C.
3141 through 3144, 3146, and 3147. Awards under this subpart are
further subject to the relevant regulations contained in Title 29 of
the CFR.
    (15) The Lender certifies that it has reviewed all contract
documents and verified compliance with 40 U.S.C. 3141 through 3144,
3146, and 3147 and Title 29 of the CFR. The Lender will certify that
the same process will be completed for all future contracts and any
changes to existing contracts.
    (16) The Lender certifies that the proposed facility complies with
all Federal, State, and local laws and regulatory rules that are in
existence and that affect the Project, the Borrower, or Lender
activities.
    (c) The Agency may, at its discretion, request copies of loan
documents for its file.
    (d) When the Agency is satisfied that all conditions for the
guarantee have been met, the Agency will issue the Loan Note
Guarantee(s) and the documents identified in paragraphs (d)(1) and (2)
of this section, as appropriate.
    (1) Assignment Guarantee Agreement. In the event the Lender uses
the single Promissory Note option and assigns the guaranteed portion of
the loan to a Holder, the Lender, Holder, and the Agency will execute
the Assignment Guarantee Agreement.
    (2) Certificate of Incumbency. If requested by the Lender, the
Agency will provide the Lender with a certification on Form 4279-7,
``Certificate of Incumbency and Signature,'' of the signature and title
of the Agency official who signs the Loan Note Guarantee, Lender's
Agreement, and Assignment Guarantee Agreement.


Sec.  4279.282  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.283  Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.

If the Agency determines that it cannot execute the Loan Note
Guarantee, the Agency will inform the Lender, in writing, of the
reasons and give the Lender a reasonable period within which to satisfy
the objections. If the Lender satisfies the objections within the time
allowed, the Agency will issue the Loan Note Guarantee. If the Lender
requests additional time in writing and within the period allowed, the
Agency may grant the request.


Sec. Sec.  4279.284-4279.289  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.290  Requirements after Project construction.

Once the Project has been constructed, the Lender must meet the
requirements specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.
    (a) Provide the Agency annual reports from the Borrower commencing
the first full calendar year following the year in which Project
construction was completed and continuing for the life of the
guaranteed loan. The Borrower's reports will include, but not be
limited to, the information specified in paragraphs (a)(1) through (8),
as applicable, of this section.
    (1) The actual amount of Advanced Biofuels, Biobased Products
including Renewable Chemicals, and Byproducts produced.

[[Page 36447]]

(2) If applicable, documentation that identified health or
sanitation problems have been solved.
    (3) A summary of the cost of operating and maintaining the
facility.
    (4) A description of any maintenance or operational problems
associated with the facility.
    (5) Certification that the Project is and has been in compliance
with all applicable State and Federal environmental laws and
regulations.
    (6) The number of jobs created.
    (7) A description of the status of the Project's feedstock
including, but not limited to, the feedstock being used, outstanding
feedstock contracts, feedstock changes and interruptions, and quality
of the feedstock.
    (8) The results of the annual inspections conducted under paragraph
(b) of this section.
    (b) For the life of the guaranteed loan, conduct annual
inspections.


Sec. Sec.  4279.291-4279.299  [Reserved]


Sec.  4279.300  OMB control number.

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements contained in the subsequent interim
rule have been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB control number 0570-0065 for approval. A person is not
required to respond to a collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number.

PART 4287--SERVICING

0
3. The authority citation for part 4287 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

0
4. Revise Subpart D to read as follows:
Subpart D--Servicing Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Manufacturing Assistance Guaranteed Loans
Sec.
4287.301 Introduction.
4287.302 Definitions.
4287.303 Exception authority.
4287.304-4287.305 [Reserved]
4287.306 Appeals.
4287.307 Routine servicing.
4287.308-4287.311 [Reserved]
4287.312 Interest rate changes.
4287.313 Release of Collateral.
4287.314-4287.322 [Reserved]
4287.323 Subordination of lien position.
4287.324 Alterations of loan instruments.
4287.325-4287.333 [Reserved]
4287.334 Transfer and Assumption.
4287.335 Substitution of Lender.
4287.336 Lender failure.
4287.337-4287.344 [Reserved]
4287.345 Default by Borrower.
4287.346-4287.355 [Reserved]
4287.356 Protective Advances.
4287.357 Liquidation.
4287.358 Determination of loss and payment.
4287.359-4287.368 [Reserved]
4287.369 Future recovery.
4287.370 Bankruptcy.
4287.371-4287.379 [Reserved]
4287.380 Termination of guarantee.
4287.381-4287.399 [Reserved]
4287.400 OMB control number.

Subpart D--Servicing Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Manufacturing Assistance Guaranteed Loans


Sec.  4287.301  Introduction.

(a) This subpart supplements 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C by
providing additional requirements and instructions for servicing and
liquidating all loans guaranteed under 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C.
    (b) The Lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and
will remain mortgagee and secured party of record notwithstanding the
fact that another party may hold a portion of the loan. The entire loan
must continue to be secured by the same security with equal lien
priority for the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan. The
unguaranteed portion of a loan will neither be paid first nor given any
preference or priority over the guaranteed portion of the loan.
    (c) All loan servicing actions under this subpart, except for those
identified in Sec.  4287.307(a) through (g), are subject to Agency
concurrence. Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency
approval is required, it must be in writing. Whenever Agency approval
is required, such servicing action must be for Good Cause.
    (d) Copies of all forms, regulations, and Instructions referenced
in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office and from the
USDA Rural Development Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program.
Whenever a form is designated
in this subpart, that designation includes predecessor and successor
forms, if applicable, as specified by the Agency.


Sec.  4287.302  Definitions.

The definitions and abbreviations contained in Sec.  4279.202 of
this chapter apply to this subpart.


Sec.  4287.303  Exception authority.

The Administrator may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
Agriculture, make an exception, on a case-by-case basis, to any
requirement or provision of this subpart that is not inconsistent with
any authorizing statute or applicable law, if the Administrator
determines that application of the requirement or provision would
adversely affect the Federal government's interest.


Sec. Sec.  4287.304-4287.305  [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.306  Appeals.

Borrowers, Lenders, and Holders have appeal or review rights for
Agency decisions made under this subpart. Programmatic decisions based
on clear and objective statutory or regulatory requirements are not
appealable; however, such decisions are reviewable for appealability by
the National Appeals Division (NAD). The Borrower, Lender, and Holder
can appeal any Agency decision that directly and adversely impacts
them. For an adverse decision that impacts the Borrower, the Lender and
Borrower must jointly execute a written request for appeal for an
alleged adverse decision made by the Agency. An adverse decision that
only impacts the Lender may be appealed by the Lender only. An adverse
decision that only impacts the Holder may be appealed by the Holder
only. A decision by a Lender adverse to the interest of the Borrower is
not a decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the
Agency. Appeals will be conducted by NAD and will be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR part 11.


Sec.  4287.307  Routine servicing.

The Lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and for
taking all servicing actions that a reasonable Lender would perform in
servicing its own portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The
guarantee is unenforceable by the Lender to the extent any loss is
occasioned by violation of usury laws, use of loan funds for
unauthorized purposes, Negligent Loan Servicing or Grossly Negligent
Loan Servicing as established in the Loan Note Guarantee, or failure to
maintain the required security interest regardless of the time at which
the Agency acquires knowledge of the foregoing. The Lender may contract
for services and may rely on certain written materials (including but
not limited to certifications, evaluations, appraisals, financial
statements and other reports) to be provided by the Borrower or other
qualified third parties (including, among others, one or more
independent engineers, appraisers, accountants, consultants or other
experts) but is ultimately responsible for underwriting, loan
origination, loan servicing, and compliance with all Agency
regulations. The Lender's Agreement is the contractual agreement
between the Lender and the Agency that sets forth

[[Page 36448]]

some of the Lender's loan servicing responsibilities. This
responsibility includes but is not limited to periodic Borrower visits,
the collection of payments, obtaining compliance with the covenants and
provisions in the Loan Agreement, obtaining and analyzing financial
statements, ensuring payment of taxes and insurance premiums, and
maintaining liens on Collateral, and keeping an inventory accounting of
all Collateral items and reconciling the inventory of all Collateral
sold during loan servicing, including liquidation.
    (a) Periodic reports. Each Lender must submit reports by the end of
each Calendar Quarter, unless more frequent ones are needed as
determined by the Agency to meet the financial interests of the United
States, regarding the condition of its Agency guaranteed loan portfolio
(including Borrower status and Loan Classification) and any Material
Adverse Change in the general financial condition of the Borrower since
the last report was submitted. The Lender must report the outstanding
principal and Interest balance and the current Loan Classification on
each guaranteed loan using either the USDA Lender Interactive Network
Connection (LINC) system or Form RD 1980-41, ``Guaranteed Loan Status
Report.''
    (b) Default reports. Lenders must submit monthly Default reports,
including Borrower payment history, for each loan in monetary Default
using a form approved by the Agency.
    (c) Annual Renewal Fee. The Lender must transmit the Annual Renewal
Fee to the Agency in accordance with Sec.  4279.231(b) of this chapter
calculated based on the December 31 loan status report.
    (d) Agency and Lender conference. At the Agency's request, the
Lender must consult with the Agency to ascertain how the guaranteed
loan is being serviced and that the conditions and covenants of the
Loan Agreement are being enforced.
    (e) Borrower Financial reports. The Lender must obtain, analyze,
and forward to the Agency the Borrower's and any guarantor's financial
statements required by the Loan Agreement within 45 days of the end of
each Calendar Quarter and audited financial statements within 180 days
of the end of the Borrower's fiscal year. The Lender must analyze these
financial statements and provide the Agency with a written summary of
the Lender's analysis, ratio analysis, and conclusions, which, at a
minimum, must include trends, strengths, weaknesses, extraordinary
transactions, violations of loan covenants and covenant waivers
proposed by the Lender, any routine servicing actions performed, and
other indications of the financial condition of the Borrower.
Spreadsheets of the financial statements must also be included.
Following the Agency's review of the Lender's financial analysis, the
Agency will provide a written report of any concerns to the Lender. Any
concerns based upon the Agency's review must be addressed by the
Lender. If the Lender makes a reasonable attempt to obtain financial
statements, but is unable to obtain the Borrower's cooperation, the
failure to obtain financial statements will not impair the validity of
the Loan Note Guarantee.
    (f) Audits. Any Public Body, nonprofit corporation or Indian Tribe
that receives a guaranteed loan that meets the thresholds established
by 2 CFR part 200, subpart F, must provide an audit for the fiscal year
(of the borrower) in which the Loan Note Guarantee is issued. If the
loan is for development or purchases made in a previous fiscal year
through interim financing, an audit will also be provided for the
fiscal year in which the development or purchases occurred. Any audit
provided by a Public Body, nonprofit corporation, or Indian Tribe in
accordance with this paragraph (f) will be considered adequate to meet
the audit requirements of the Program for that year.
    (g) Protection of Agency interests. If the Agency determines that
the Lender is not in compliance with its servicing responsibilities,
the Agency reserves the right to take any action the Agency determines
necessary to protect the Agency's interests with respect to the loan.
If the Agency exercises this right, the Lender must cooperate with the
Agency to rectify the situation. In determining any loss, the Agency
will assess against the Lender any cost to the Agency associated with
such action.
    (h) Additional loans. The Lender must notify the Agency in writing
when the Lender makes any additional expenditures or new loans to the
Borrower. The Lender may make additional expenditures or new loans to a
Borrower with an outstanding loan guaranteed only with prior written
Agency approval. The Agency will only approve additional expenditures
or new loans where the expenditure or loan will not violate one or more
of the loan covenants of the Borrower's Loan Agreement. Any additional
expenditure or loan made by the Lender must be junior in priority to
the BAP loan guaranteed under 7 CFR part 4279 except for Working
Capital loans for which the Agency may consider a subordinate lien
provided it is consistent with the conditional provisions specified in
Sec.  4279.235(a) of this chapter and in Sec.  4287.323.


Sec. Sec.  4287.308-4287.311  [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.312  Interest rate changes.

(a) Reductions. The Borrower, Lender, and Holder (if any) may
collectively initiate a permanent or temporary reduction in the
Interest rate of the guaranteed loan at any time during the life of the
loan upon written agreement among these parties. The Lender must obtain
prior Agency concurrence and must provide a copy of the modification
agreement to the Agency. If any of the guaranteed portion has been
purchased by the Agency, the Agency (as a Holder) will affirm or reject
Interest rate change proposals in writing.
    (1) Fixed rates can be changed to variable rates to reduce the
Borrower's Interest rate only when the variable rate has a ceiling
which is less than or equal to the original fixed rate.
    (2) The Interest rates, after adjustments, must comply with the
requirements for Interest rates on new loans as established by Sec.
4279.233 of this chapter.
    (3) The Lender is responsible for the legal documentation of
Interest rate changes by an endorsement or any other legally effective
amendment to the Promissory Note; however, no new Promissory Notes may
be issued. The Lender must provide copies of all legal documents to the
Agency.
    (b) Increases. Increases in fixed Interest rates and increases in
variable rate basis are not permitted (except the normal fluctuations
in approved variable Interest rates), unless a temporary Interest rate
reduction occurred. Any increase in rates must be for Good Cause.


Sec.  4287.313  Release of Collateral.

The Lender must inspect the Collateral as often as necessary to
properly service the loan. The Agency must give prior written approval
for the release of Collateral, except as specified in paragraph (a) of
this section or where the release of Collateral is made of Collateral
under the abundance of caution provision of the applicable security
agreement, subject to the provisions of paragraph (c) of this section.
Appraisals on the Collateral being released are required on all
transactions exceeding $250,000 and will be at the expense of the
Borrower. The appraisal must meet the requirements of Sec.  4279.244 of
this chapter. The sale or release of Collateral must be based on an
Arm's Length Transaction, unless otherwise approved by the Agency in
writing.

[[Page 36449]]

(a) Within the parameters of paragraph (c) of this section, Lenders
may, over the life of the guaranteed loan, release Collateral (other
than personal and corporate guarantees) with a cumulative value of up
to 20 percent of the original loan amount without Agency concurrence if
the proceeds generated are used to reduce the guaranteed loan or to buy
replacement Collateral. Working assets, such as accounts receivable,
inventory, and work-in-progress that are routinely depleted or sold and
the proceeds used for the normal course of business operations, may be
used in and released for routine business purposes without prior
concurrence of the Agency as long as the loan has not been accelerated.
    (b) If a release of Collateral does not meet the requirements of
paragraph (a) of this section, the Lender must complete a written
evaluation to justify the release and must obtain written Agency
concurrence in advance of the release.
    (c) The Lender must support all releases of Collateral with a value
exceeding $250,000 with a current appraisal on the Collateral being
released. The appraisal must meet the requirements of Sec.  4279.244 of
this chapter. The cost of this appraisal will not be paid for by the
Agency. The Agency may, at its discretion, require an appraisal of the
remaining Collateral in cases where it has been determined that the
Agency may be adversely affected by the release of Collateral. The sale
or release of the Collateral must be at Fair Market Value based on an
Arm's Length Transaction, and there must be adequate consideration for
the release of Collateral. Such consideration may include, but is not
limited to:
    (1) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of Collateral to
the Borrower's debts in order of their lien priority in the sold
Collateral;
    (2) Use of the net proceeds from the sale of Collateral to purchase
other Collateral of equal or greater value which the Lender will obtain
as security for the benefit of the guaranteed loan with a lien position
equal or superior to the position previously held;
    (3) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of Collateral to
the Borrower's business operation in such a manner that a significant
improvement to the Borrower's debt service ability is clearly
demonstrated. The Lender's written request must detail how the
Borrower's debt service ability will be improved; and
    (4) Assurance that the release of Collateral is essential for the
success of the business, thereby furthering the goals of the Program.
Such assurance must be supported by written documentation from the
Lender acceptable to the Agency.
    (d) Any release of Collateral must not adversely affect the
Project's operation or financial condition.


Sec. Sec.  4287.314-4287.322   [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.323  Subordination of lien position.

A Subordination of the Lender's lien position must be requested in
writing by the Lender and concurred with in writing by the Agency in
advance of the Subordination. The Lender's Subordination proposal must
include a financial analysis of the servicing action and be fully
supported by current financial statements of the Borrower and
guarantors that are less than 90 days old.
    (a) The Subordination of the Lender's lien position must enhance
the Borrower's business and be in the best financial interest of the
Agency.
    (b) The lien to which the guaranteed loan is subordinated is for a
fixed dollar limit and for a fixed term after which the guaranteed loan
lien priority will be restored. Notwithstanding, a Subordination of
lien position on inventory and accounts receivable may be made to a
line of credit.
    (c) Collateral must remain sufficient to provide for adequate
Collateral coverage. The Agency may require a current independent
appraisal in accordance with Sec.  4279.244 of this chapter.
    (d) Lien priorities must remain for the portion of the loan
Collateral that was not subordinated.
    (e) Subordination of the Lender's lien position must be for Good
Cause.


Sec.  4287.324  Alterations of loan instruments.

The Lender must neither alter nor approve any alterations or
modifications of any loan instrument without the prior written approval
of the Agency.


Sec. Sec.  4287.325-4287.333  [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.334  Transfer and Assumption.

The Lender may request a Transfer and Assumption of a guaranteed
loan when the total indebtedness, or less than the total indebtedness,
is assumed by another Borrower. If the assumption is for less than the
total indebtedness of the guaranteed loan, the Transfer and Assumption
must be an Arm's Length Transaction and the transfer must be of all
loan Collateral. In the event of Default of the guaranteed loan, a
Transfer and Assumption of the Borrower's operation and guaranteed loan
can be accomplished before or after the loan goes into liquidation.
However, if the Collateral has been purchased through foreclosure or
the Borrower has conveyed title to the Lender, no Transfer and
Assumption is permitted.
    (a) Documentation of request. All Transfers and Assumptions cannot
be conducted unless the Agency gives prior written approval. An
individual credit report must be provided for transferee and its
partners, officers, directors, and stockholders with 20 percent or more
interest in the business, along with such other documentation as the
Agency may request to determine eligibility and credit worthiness. The
new Borrower must sign Form RD 4279-1.
    (b) Terms. Loan terms may be changed for Transfer and Assumptions
to eligible Borrowers continuing the Project for eligible purposes with
the concurrence of the Agency, all Holders, and the transferor
(including guarantors). If the transferor has been or will be released
from liability, the transferor's concurrence is not required. Any new
loan terms must be within the terms authorized by Sec.  4279.234 of
this chapter and must be for Good Cause.
    (c) Release of liability. The transferor, including any guarantor,
may be released from liability only with prior Agency written
concurrence when the Transfer and Assumption is an Arm's Length
Transaction and:
    (1) The assumption is for the full amount of the loan and all of
the loan Collateral is transferred to the transferee; or
    (2) The assumption is for less than the full amount of the loan,
all of the loan Collateral is transferred to the transferee, and the
Lender demonstrates to the Agency that the transferor and guarantors
have no reasonable debt-paying ability considering their assets and
income in the foreseeable future.
    (d) Proceeds. The Lender must credit any proceeds received from the
sale of Collateral before a Transfer and Assumption to the transferor's
guaranteed loan debt in order of lien priority before the Transfer and
Assumption are closed.
    (e) Additional loans. Guaranteed loans to provide additional funds
in connection with a Transfer and Assumption must be considered a new
loan application, which requires submission of a complete Agency
application in accordance with Sec. Sec.  4279.260 and 4279.261 of this
chapter.
    (f) Credit quality. The Lender must make a complete credit analysis
in accordance with Sec.  4279.215 of this chapter.
    (g) Appraisals. If the proposed Transfer and Assumption is for the
full amount of the Agency guaranteed loan and all loan Collateral, the
Agency will

[[Page 36450]]

not require an appraisal. If the proposed Transfer and Assumption is
for less than the full amount of the Agency guaranteed loan, the Agency
will require an appraisal on all of the Collateral being transferred,
and the amount of the assumption must not be less than this appraised
value. The Lender is responsible for obtaining this appraisal, which
must conform to the requirements of Sec.  4279.244 of this chapter. The
Agency will not pay the appraisal fee or any other costs associated
with this transfer.
    (h) Documents. Prior to Agency approval, the Lender must provide
the Agency a written legal opinion that the transaction can be properly
and legally transferred and assurance that the conveyance instruments
will be appropriately filed, registered, and recorded.
    (1) The Lender must not issue any new Promissory Notes. The
assumption must be completed in accordance with applicable law and must
contain the Agency case number of the transferor and transferee. The
Lender will provide the Agency with a copy of the Transfer and
Assumption agreement. The Lender must ensure that all Transfers and
Assumptions are noted on all original Loan Note Guarantees.
    (2) A new Loan Agreement, consistent in principle with the original
Loan Agreement, must be executed to establish the terms and conditions
of the loan being assumed. An assumption agreement can be used to
establish the loan covenants.
    (3) Upon execution of the Transfer and Assumption, the Lender must
provide the Agency with a written legal opinion that the Transfer and
Assumption is completed, valid, enforceable, and certification that the
Transfer and Assumption is consistent with the conditions outlined in
the Agency's conditions of approval for the transfer and complies with
all Agency regulations.
    (i) Loss resulting from transfer. (1) Any resulting loss must be
processed in accordance with Sec.  4287.358.
    (2) If a Holder owns any of the guaranteed portion, such portion
must be repurchased by the Lender or the Agency in accordance with
Sec.  4279.225 of this chapter.
    (j) Related party. If the transferor and transferee are Affiliates
or related parties, any Transfer and Assumption must be to an eligible
Borrower to continue the Project for eligible purposes, must transfer
all of the loan Collateral, and must be for the full amount of the
guaranteed loan indebtedness.
    (k) Cash down payment. The Lender may allow the transferee to make
cash down payments directly to the transferor provided:
    (1) The Transfer and Assumption is made for the total indebtedness
to an eligible Borrower to continue the Project for eligible purposes;
    (2) The Lender recommends that the cash be released, and the Agency
concurs prior to the transaction being completed. The Lender may
require that an amount be retained for a defined period of time as a
reserve against future Defaults. Interest on such account may be paid
periodically to the transferor or transferee as agreed;
    (3) The Lender determines that the transferee has the repayment
ability to meet the obligations of the assumed guaranteed loan as well
as any other indebtedness; and
    (4) Any payments by the transferee to the transferor will not
suspend the transferee's obligations to continue to meet the guaranteed
loan payments as they come due under the terms of the assumption.
    (l) Transfer/Annual Renewal Fees. (1) The Agency will charge a
nonrefundable transfer fee at the time of transfer, which may be passed
on to the Borrower by the Lender. The transfer fee rate will be equal
to the rate of the guarantee fee authorized in Sec.  4279.231(a) of
this chapter for the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. The
amount of the transfer fee is determined by multiplying the principal
balance at the time of the transfer by the transfer fee rate by the
percentage of guarantee on the original loan.
    (2) The Lender must pay any Annual Renewal Fee in accordance with
Sec.  4279.231(b) of this chapter.
    (m) Change in control of Borrower. Transfer and Assumption shall be
deemed to occur in the event of a change in the control of the
Borrower.
    (n) Personal and corporate guarantees. Guarantees from owners are
required in accordance with Sec.  4279.245 of this chapter.


Sec.  4287.335  Substitution of Lender.

The Lender is prohibited from selling or transferring the entire
loan without the prior written approval of the Agency. Because the Loan
Note Guarantee is associated with a specific Promissory Note and cannot
be transferred to a new Promissory Note, the Lender must transfer the
original Promissory Note and loan security documents to the new Lender,
who must agree to its current loan terms, including the Interest rate,
secondary market Holder (if any), Collateral, Loan Agreement terms, and
guarantors. The new Lender must also obtain the original Loan Note
Guarantee, original personal and corporate guarantee(s), and the loan
payment history from the transferor Lender. If the new Lender wishes to
modify the loan terms after acquisition, the new Lender must submit a
request to the Agency.
    (a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new Lender if:
    (1) The proposed substitute Lender:
    (i) Is an eligible Lender in accordance with Sec.  4279.208 of this
chapter;
    (ii) Is able to service the loan in accordance with the original
loan documents; and
    (iii) Agrees to acquire title to the unguaranteed portion of the
loan held by the original Lender and assumes all original loan
requirements, including liabilities and servicing responsibilities; and
    (2) The substitution of the Lender is requested in writing by the
Borrower, the proposed substitute Lender, and the original Lender if
still in existence.
    (b) The Agency will not pay any loss or share in any costs (e.g.,
appraisal fees and environmental assessments) with a new Lender unless
a relationship is established through a substitution of Lender in
accordance with paragraph (a) of this section. This includes situations
where a Lender is acquired by another Lender and situations where the
Lender has failed and been taken over by a regulatory agency such as
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the loan is
subsequently sold to another Lender.
    (c) In cases when there is a substitution of Lender or when a
Lender has been merged with or acquired by another Lender, the Agency
and the new Lender must execute a new Lender's Agreement, unless a
valid Lender's Agreement already exists with the new Lender.


Sec.  4287.336  Lender failure.

(a) The acquiring Lender must comply with 7 CFR parts 4279, subpart
C and 4287, subpart D and must take such action that a reasonable
Lender would take if it did not have a Loan Note Guarantee to protect
the Lender and Agency's mutual interest. The Lender cannot arbitrarily
change the Lender's Agreement and related documents on the guaranteed
loan, and the Agency will make the successor to the failed institution
aware of the statutory and regulatory requirements.
    (b) In the event of a Default and the guaranteed loan is liquidated
by the FDIC rather than being sold to another Lender, the Agency will
pay losses and share in costs as if the FDIC were an approved new
Lender.

[[Page 36451]]

Sec. Sec.  4287.337-4287.344   [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.345  Default by Borrower.

The Lender's primary responsibilities in Default are to act
reasonably and expeditiously, to work with the Borrower to bring the
account current or cure the Default through restructuring if a
realistic plan can be developed, or to accelerate the account and
conduct a liquidation in a manner that will minimize any potential
loss. The Lender may initiate liquidation in accordance with Sec.
4287.357.
    (a) The Lender must notify the Agency in writing when a Borrower is
more than 30 days past due on a payment and the Delinquency cannot be
cured within 30 days or when a Borrower is otherwise in Default of
covenants in the Loan Agreement by submitting Form RD 1980-44,
``Guaranteed Loan Borrower Default Status,'' or processing the Default
Status report in LINC. The Lender must provide this notification to the
Agency within 15 calendar days of when a Borrower is 30 days past due
on a payment or is otherwise in Default of the Loan Agreement. The
Lender must update the loan's status each month using either Form RD
1980-44 or the LINC Default Status report until such time as the loan
is no longer in Default. If a monetary Default exceeds 60 days, the
Lender must meet with the Agency and, if practical, the Borrower to
discuss the situation.
    (b) In considering options, the prospects for providing a permanent
cure without adversely affecting the risk to the Agency and the Lender
are the paramount objective.
    (1) Curative actions (subject to the rights of any Holder) include,
but are not limited to:
    (i) Deferment of principal or Interest payments;
    (ii) An additional unguaranteed temporary loan by the Lender to
bring the account current;
    (iii) Reamortization of or rescheduling the payments on the loan
(subject to the rights of any Holder) excluding capitalization of
accrued Interest;
    (iv) Transfer and Assumption of the loan in accordance with Sec.
4287.334;
    (v) Reorganization;
    (vi) Liquidation; and
    (vii) Changes in Interest rates with the Agency's, the Lender's,
and Holder's approval. Any Interest rate changes must be adjusted
proportionately between the guaranteed and unguaranteed portion of the
loan.
    (2) The term of any deferment, rescheduling, reamortization, or
moratorium will be limited to the lesser of the remaining life of the
Collateral or remaining limits as set forth in Sec.  4279.234 of this
chapter (excluding paragraph (d)). Balloon payments are permitted as a
loan servicing option as long as there is a reasonable prospect for
success and the remaining life of the Collateral supports the action.
    (3) In the event of a loss or a repurchase, the Lender cannot claim
Default or penalty Interest, late payment fees, or Interest on
Interest.
    (c) Debt write-downs by the lender are prohibited when the Lender
will continue with the Project loan, except as directed or ordered by a
final court order.
    (d) In the event of a loss, the guarantee will not cover Interest
to the Lender accruing after the Interest Termination Date.
    (e) For repurchases of guaranteed loans, refer to Sec.  4279.225 of
this chapter.


Sec. Sec.  4287.346-4287.355  [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.356  Protective Advances.

Protective Advances are advances made by the Lender for the purpose
of preserving and protecting the Collateral where the Borrower has
failed to, will not, or cannot meet its obligations. Lenders must
exercise sound judgment in determining that the Protective Advance
preserves Collateral and recovery is actually enhanced by making the
advance. Lenders cannot make Protective Advances in lieu of additional
loans. A Protective Advance claim will be paid only at the time of the
final payment as indicated in the Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss.
    (a) The maximum loss to be paid by the Agency will never exceed the
original loan amount plus accrued Interest times the percentage of
guarantee regardless of any Protective Advances made.
    (b) In the event of a final loss, Protective Advances will accrue
Interest at the Promissory Note rate and will be guaranteed at the same
percentage of loss as provided in the Loan Note Guarantee. The
guarantee will not cover Interest on the Protective Advance accruing
after the Interest Termination Date.
    (c) Protective Advances must constitute an indebtedness of the
Borrower to the Lender and be secured by the security instruments.
Agency written authorization is required when the cumulative total of
Protective Advances exceeds $200,000 or 10 percent of the outstanding
balance of principal, whichever is less.


Sec.  4287.357  Liquidation.

In the event of one or more incidents of Default or third party
actions that the Borrower cannot or will not cure or eliminate within a
reasonable period of time, the Lender, with Agency consent, must
provide for liquidation.
    (a) Decision to liquidate. A decision to liquidate or proceed
otherwise must be made when the Lender determines that the Default
cannot be cured through actions such as those contained in Sec.
4287.345, or it has been determined that it is in the best interest of
the Agency and the Lender to liquidate. The decision to liquidate or
proceed otherwise with the Borrower must be made as soon as possible
when one or more of the following exist:
    (1) A loan is 90 days behind on any scheduled payment and the
Lender and the Borrower have not been able to cure the Delinquency
through actions such as those contained in Sec.  4287.345.
    (2) It is determined that delaying liquidation will jeopardize full
recovery on the loan.
    (3) The Borrower or Lender is uncooperative in resolving the
problem or the Agency or Lender has reason to believe the Borrower is
not acting in good faith, and immediate liquidation would minimize loss
to the Agency.
    (b) Repurchase of loan. When the decision to liquidate is made, if
any portion of the loan has been sold or assigned under Sec.  4279.223
of this chapter and not already repurchased, provisions will be made
for repurchase in accordance with Sec.  4279.225 of this chapter.
    (c) Lender's liquidation plan. The Lender is responsible for
initiating actions immediately and as necessary to ensure a prompt,
orderly liquidation that will provide maximum recovery. Within 30 days
after a decision to liquidate, the Lender must submit a written,
proposed plan of liquidation to the Agency for approval. The
liquidation plan must be detailed and include at least the following:
    (1) Such proof as the Agency requires to establish the Lender's
ownership of the guaranteed loan Promissory Note and related security
instruments and a copy of the payment ledger, if available, that
reflects the current loan balance, accrued Interest to date, and the
method of computing the Interest;
    (2) A full and complete list of all Collateral, including any
personal and corporate guarantees;
    (3) The recommended liquidation methods for making the maximum
collection possible on the indebtedness and the justification for such
methods, including recommended action for acquiring and disposing of
all Collateral and collecting from guarantors;
    (4) Necessary steps for preservation of the Collateral;

[[Page 36452]]

(5) Copies of the Borrower's most recently available financial
statements;
    (6) Copies of each guarantor's most recently available financial
statements;
    (7) An itemized list of estimated Liquidation Expenses expected to
be incurred along with justification for each expense;
    (8) A schedule to periodically report to the Agency on the progress
of liquidation;
    (9) Estimated Protective Advance amounts with justification;
    (10) Proposed protective bid amounts on Collateral to be sold at
auction and a breakdown to show how the amounts were determined. A
protective bid may be made by the Lender, with prior Agency written
approval, at a foreclosure sale to protect the Lender's and the
Agency's interest. The protective bid will be based on the liquidation
value and estimated net recovery considering prior liens and
outstanding taxes, expenses of foreclosure, and estimated expenses for
holding and reselling the property. These expenses include, but are not
limited to, expenses for resale, Interest accrual, length of time
necessary for resale, maintenance, guard service, weatherization, and
prior liens;
    (11) If a voluntary conveyance is considered, the proposed amount
to be credited to the guaranteed debt;
    (12) Legal opinions, if needed by the Lender's legal counsel; and
    (13) An estimate of Fair Market Value and potential liquidation
value of the Collateral. If the value of the Collateral is $250,000 or
more, the Lender must obtain an independent appraisal report meeting
the requirements of Sec.  4279.244 of this chapter on the Collateral
securing the loan, which reflects the Fair Market Value and potential
liquidation value. The liquidation appraisal must evaluate the impact
on Market Value of any release of hazardous substances, petroleum
products, or other environmental hazards. The independent appraiser's
fee, including the cost of the environmental site assessment, will be
shared equally by the Agency and the Lender. In order to ensure prompt
action, the liquidation plan can be submitted with an estimate of
Collateral value, and the liquidation plan may be approved by the
Agency subject to the results of the final liquidation appraisal.
    (d) Approval of liquidation plan. The Lender cannot implement its
liquidation plan before obtaining written approval from the Agency. The
Lender and Agency must attempt to resolve any Agency concerns.
    (1) If the liquidation plan is approved by the Agency, the Lender
must proceed expeditiously with liquidation and must take all legal
action necessary to liquidate the loan in accordance with the approved
liquidation plan. The Lender must update or modify the liquidation plan
when conditions warrant, including a change in value based on a
liquidation appraisal.
    (2) Should the Agency and the Lender not agree on the liquidation
plan, negotiations will take place between the Agency and the Lender to
resolve the disagreement. The Lender must take such actions that a
reasonable Lender would take without a guarantee and keep the Agency
informed in writing. When the liquidation plan is approved by the
Agency, the Lender will proceed expeditiously with liquidation.
    (e) Acceleration. The Lender will proceed to accelerate the
indebtedness as expeditiously as possible when acceleration is
necessary, including giving any notices and taking any other legal
actions required. The guaranteed loan will be considered in liquidation
once the loan has been accelerated and a demand for payment has been
made upon the Borrower. The Lender must obtain from the Agency
concurrence prior to the acceleration of the loan if the sole basis for
acceleration is a nonmonetary Default. In the case of monetary Default,
prior approval by the Agency of the Lender's acceleration is not
required, although Agency concurrence must still be given not later
than at the time the liquidation plan is approved. The Lender will
provide a copy of the acceleration notice or other acceleration
document to the Agency.
    (f) Filing an estimated loss claim. When the Lender owns any of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, the Lender must file an estimated loss
claim once a decision has been made to liquidate if the liquidation is
expected to exceed 90 days. When calculating the estimated loss
payment, the value of the Collateral must be based on its estimated net
liquidation value. For the purpose of reporting and loss claim
computation, the guarantee will not cover Interest to the Lender
accruing after the Interest Termination Date. The Agency will promptly
process the loss claim in accordance with applicable Agency regulations
as set forth in Sec.  4287.358.
    (g) Accounting and reports. The Lender must account for funds
during the period of liquidation and must, in accordance with the
Agency-approved liquidation plan, provide the Agency with reports on
the progress of liquidation including disposition of Collateral,
resulting costs, and additional procedures necessary for successful
completion of the liquidation.
    (h) Transmitting payments and proceeds to the Agency. When the
Agency is the Holder of a portion of the guaranteed loan, the Lender
must transmit to the Agency within 14 calendar days its Pro Rata share
of any payments received from the Borrower, liquidation, or other
proceeds using Form RD 1980-43, ``Lender's Guaranteed Loan Payment to
Rural Development.''
    (i) Abandonment of Collateral. When the Lender adequately documents
that the cost of liquidation would exceed the potential recovery value
of certain Collateral and receives Agency concurrence, the Lender may
abandon that Collateral. When the Lender makes a recommendation for
abandonment of Collateral, it must comply with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart
G.
    (j) Disposition of personal or corporate guarantees. The Lender
must take action to maximize recovery from all personal and corporate
guarantees, including seeking Deficiency Judgments when there is a
reasonable chance of future collection.
    (k) Compromise settlement. Compromise settlements must be approved
by the Lender and the Agency. Complete current financial information on
all parties obligated for the loan must be provided. At a minimum, the
compromise settlement must be equivalent to the value and timeliness of
that which would be received from attempting to collect on the
guarantee. The guarantor cannot be released from liability until the
full amount of the compromise settlement has been received. In weighing
whether the compromise settlement should be accepted, among other
things, the Agency will weigh whether the compromise is more
financially advantageous than collecting on the guarantee.
    (l) Litigation. In all litigation proceedings involving the
Borrower, the Lender is responsible for protecting the rights of the
Lender with respect to the loan and keeping the Agency adequately and
regularly informed, in writing, of all aspects of the proceedings. If
the Agency determines that the Lender is not adequately protecting the
rights of the Lender or the Agency with respect to the loan, the Agency
reserves the right to take any legal action the Agency determines
necessary to protect the rights of the Lender, on behalf of the Lender,
or the Agency with respect to the loan. If the Agency exercises this
right, the Lender must cooperate with the Agency. Any cost to the
Agency

[[Page 36453]]

associated with such action will be assessed against the Lender.


Sec.  4287.358  Determination of loss and payment.

Unless the Agency anticipates a Future Recovery, the Agency will
make a final settlement with the Lender after the Collateral is
liquidated and settlement and compromise of all parties has been
completed. The Agency has the right to recover losses paid under the
guarantee from any party that may be liable.
    (a) Report of loss form. Form RD 449-30, ``Guaranteed Loan Report
of Loss,'' will be used for reporting and calculating all estimated and
final loss determinations.
    (b) Estimated loss. In accordance with the requirements of Sec.
4287.357(f), the Lender must prepare an estimated loss claim and submit
it to the Agency.
    (1) Interest accrual eligible for payment under the guarantee on
the Defaulted loan will be discontinued when the estimated loss is
paid.
    (2) A Protective Advance claim will be paid only at the time of the
final payment as indicated in the Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss.
    (3) The estimated loss payment is a payment to the Lender and is
not to be applied as a payment on the loan for purposes of reducing the
unpaid balance owed by the Borrower or for status reporting (semi-
annual status/Default status reports).
    (c) Final loss. Except for certain unsecured personal or corporate
guarantees as provided for in this section, the Lender must prepare a
final Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss and submit it to the Agency within
30 days after liquidation of all Collateral is completed. Interest will
not be paid beyond the Interest Termination Date. Before approval by
the Agency of any final loss report, the Lender must account for all
funds during the period of liquidation, disposition of the Collateral,
all costs incurred, and any other information necessary for the
successful completion of liquidation. Upon receipt of the final
accounting and Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss, the Agency may audit all
applicable documentation to determine the final loss. The Lender must
make its records available and otherwise assist the Agency in making
any investigation. The documentation accompanying the Guaranteed Loan
Report of Loss must support the amounts reported as losses on the
Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss.
    (1) The Lender must make a determination regarding the
collectability of unsecured personal and corporate guarantees. If
reasonably possible, the Lender must promptly collect or otherwise
dispose of such guarantees in accordance with Sec.  4287.357(j) prior
to completion of the final loss report. However, in the event that
collection from the guarantors appears unlikely or will require a
prolonged period of time, the Lender must file the Guaranteed Loan
Report of Loss when all other Collateral has been liquidated. Unsecured
personal or corporate guarantees outstanding at the time of the
submission of the final loss claim will be treated as a Future Recovery
with the net proceeds to be shared on a Pro Rata basis by the Lender
and the Agency. The Agency may consider a compromise settlement of
Federal Debt after it has processed a final Guaranteed Loan Report of
Loss and issued a 60 day due process letter. Any funds collected on
Federal Debt will not be shared with the Lender.
    (2) The Lender must document that all of the Collateral has been
accounted for and properly liquidated and liquidation proceeds have
been accounted for and applied correctly to the loan.
    (3) The Lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of any
Protective Advance amount as to the payee, purpose of the expenditure,
date paid, and evidence that the amount expended was proper.
    (4) The Lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of Liquidation
Expenses as to the payee, purpose of the expenditure, date paid, and
evidence that the amount expended was proper. Liquidation Expenses are
recoverable only from liquidation proceeds. The Agency may approve
attorney/legal fees as Liquidation Expenses provided that the fees are
reasonable, require the assistance of attorneys, and cover legal issues
pertaining to the liquidation that could not be properly handled by the
Lender and its employees.
    (5) The Lender must support accrued Interest by documenting how the
amount was accrued. If the Interest rate was a variable rate, the
Lender must include documentation of changes in both the selected base
rate and the loan rate.
    (6) The Agency will pay loss payments within 60 days after it has
reviewed the complete final loss report and accounting of the
Collateral.
    (7) If a Lender receives a final loss payment and the Agency
determines there is Future Recovery, the Lender must submit to the
Agency an annual report on its collection activities for each
unsatisfied account for 3 years following payment of the final loss
claim.
    (d) Loss limit. The amount payable by the Agency to the Lender
cannot exceed the limits set forth in the Loan Note Guarantee.
    (e) Liquidation Expenses. The Agency will deduct Liquidation
Expenses from the liquidation proceeds of the Collateral. The Lender
cannot claim any Liquidation Expenses in excess of liquidation
proceeds. Any changes to the Liquidation Expenses that exceed 10
percent of the amount proposed in the liquidation plan must be approved
by the Agency. Reasonable attorney/legal expenses will be shared by the
Lender and Agency equally, including those instances where the Lender
has incurred such expenses from a trustee conducting the liquidation of
assets. The Lender cannot claim the guarantee fee or the Annual Renewal
Fee as authorized Liquidation Expenses, and no In-House Expenses of the
Lender will be allowed. In-House Expenses include, but are not limited
to, employee's salaries, staff lawyers, travel, and overhead.
    (f) Rent. The Lender must apply any net rental or other income that
it receives from the Collateral to the guaranteed loan debt.
    (g) Payment. Once the Agency approves the Guaranteed Loan Report of
Loss and supporting documents submitted by the Lender:
    (1) If the loss is greater than any estimated loss payment, the
Agency will pay the additional amount owed by the Agency to the Lender.
    (2) If the loss is less than the estimated loss payment, the Lender
must reimburse the Agency for the overpayment plus Interest at the
Promissory Note rate from the date of payment.


Sec. Sec.  4287.359-4287.368   [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.369  Future recovery.

Unless notified otherwise by the Agency, after the final loss claim
has been paid, the Lender must use reasonable efforts to attempt
collection from any party still liable for Future Recovery. Any net
proceeds from Future Recovery must be split Pro Rata between the Lender
and the Agency based on the original amount of the loan guarantee. Any
collection of Federal Debt made by the Federal Government from any
liable party to the guaranteed loan will not be split with the Lender.


Sec.  4287.370  Bankruptcy.

(a) Lender's responsibilities. It is the Lender's responsibility to
protect the guaranteed loan and all of the Collateral securing it in
bankruptcy and any related appellate proceedings. These
responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

[[Page 36454]]

(1) Monitoring confirmed bankruptcy plans to determine Borrower
compliance, and, if the Borrower fails to comply, pursue appropriate
relief;
    (2) Filing all the necessary papers and pleadings concerning the
case, including where appropriate a proof of claim;
    (3) Attending and, where necessary, participating in meetings of
the creditors and all court proceedings;
    (4) Requesting modifications of any proposed bankruptcy plan
whenever it appears that the Lender could obtain additional recoveries
via plan modification;
    (5) Keeping the Agency adequately and regularly informed in writing
of all aspects of the proceedings;
    (6) Submitting a Default status report within 15 days after the
date when the Borrower Defaults and every 30 days thereafter until the
Default is resolved or a final loss claim is paid by the Agency. The
Default status report will be used to inform the Agency of the
bankruptcy filing, the plan confirmation date, when the plan is
complete, and when the Borrower is not in compliance with the plan; and
    (7) With written Agency consent, the Lender and Agency will equally
share the cost of any independent appraisal fee to protect the
guaranteed loan in any bankruptcy proceedings.
    (b) Reports of loss during bankruptcy. In bankruptcy proceedings,
payment of loss claims will be made as provided in this section.
    (1) Estimated loss payments. (i) If a Borrower has filed for
bankruptcy and all or a portion of the debt has been discharged, the
Lender must request an estimated loss payment of the guaranteed portion
of the accrued Interest and principal discharged by the court. Only one
estimated loss payment is allowed during the bankruptcy and any related
appellate proceedings. All subsequent claims of the Lender during
bankruptcy and any related appellate proceedings will be considered
revisions to the initial estimated loss. A revised estimated loss
payment may be processed by the Agency, at its option, in accordance
with any court-approved changes in the bankruptcy plan. Once the
bankruptcy plan has been completed, the Lender is responsible for
submitting the documentation necessary for the Agency to review and
adjust the estimated loss claim to reflect any actual discharge of
principal and Interest and to reimburse the Lender for any court-
ordered Interest rate reduction under the terms of the bankruptcy plan.
    (ii) The Lender must use the Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss to
request an estimated loss payment and to revise any estimated loss
payments during the course of the bankruptcy plan. The estimated loss
claim, as well as any revisions to this claim, must be accompanied by
documentation to support the claim.
    (iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, the Lender must:
    (A) Complete a Form RD 1980-44 and forward this form to the Agency;
and
    (B) Provide the Agency with the documentation necessary to
determine whether the estimated loss paid equals the actual loss
sustained.
    (1) If the actual loss sustained as a result of the bankruptcy is
less than the estimated loss, the Lender must reimburse the Agency for
the overpayment plus Interest at the Promissory Note rate from the date
of payment of the estimated loss.
    (2) If the actual loss is greater than the estimated loss payment,
the Lender must submit a revised estimated loss claim in order to
obtain payment of the additional amount owed by the Agency to the
Lender.
    (2) Bankruptcy loss payments. (i) The Lender must request a
bankruptcy loss payment of the guaranteed portion of the accrued
Interest and principal discharged by the court for all bankruptcies
when all or a portion of the debt has been discharged. Unless a final
court decree approves a subsequent change to the bankruptcy plan that
is adverse to the Lender, only one bankruptcy loss payment is allowed
during the bankruptcy. Once a final court decree has discharged all or
part of the guaranteed loan and any appeal period has run, the Lender
must submit the documentation necessary for the Agency to review and
adjust the bankruptcy loss claim to reflect any actual discharge of
principal and Interest.
    (ii) The Lender must use the Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss to
request a bankruptcy loss payment and to revise any bankruptcy loss
payments during the course of the bankruptcy. The Lender must include
with the bankruptcy loss claim documentation to support the claim, as
well as any revisions to this claim.
    (iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, restructuring, or
liquidation, the Lender must either complete a Form RD 1980-44 and
forward this form to the Agency or enter the data directly into LINC.
    (iv) If an estimated loss claim is paid during a bankruptcy and the
Borrower repays in full the remaining balance without an additional
loss sustained by the Lender, a final Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss is
not necessary.
    (3) Interest rate losses as a result of bankruptcy reorganization.
Interest rate losses as a result of bankruptcy reorganization will be
paid as follows:
    (i) Interest losses sustained during the period of the bankruptcy
plan will be processed in accordance with paragraph (b)(1) of this
section;
    (ii) Interest losses sustained after the bankruptcy plan is
confirmed will be processed annually when the Lender sustains a loss as
a result of a permanent Interest rate reduction that extends beyond the
period of the bankruptcy plan; and
    (iii) If a bankruptcy loss claim is paid during the operation of
the bankruptcy plan and the Borrower repays in full the remaining
balance without an additional loss sustained by the Lender, a final
Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss is not necessary.
    (4) Final bankruptcy loss payments. The Agency will process final
bankruptcy loss payments when the loan is fully liquidated.
    (5) Application of loss claim payments. The Lender must apply
estimated loss payments first to the unsecured principal of the
guaranteed portion of the debt and then to the unsecured interest of
the guaranteed portion of the debt. In the event a court attempts to
direct the payments to be applied in a different manner, the Lender
must immediately notify the Agency in writing.
    (6) Protective Advances. If approved Protective Advances, as
authorized by Sec.  4287.356, were incurred in connection with the
initiation of liquidation action and were required to provide repairs,
insurance, etc., to protect the Collateral as result of delays in the
case of failure of the Borrower to maintain the security prior to the
Borrower having filed bankruptcy, the Protective Advances together with
accrued Interest are payable under the guarantee in the final loss
claim.
    (c) Expenses during bankruptcy proceedings. (1) Under no
circumstances will the guarantee cover Liquidation Expenses in excess
of liquidation proceeds.
    (2) Expenses, such as reasonable attorney/legal fees and the cost
of appraisals incurred by the Lender as a direct result of the
Borrower's bankruptcy filing, will be shared equally by the Lender and
the Agency.
    (3) Reasonable and customary Liquidation Expenses must be deducted
from Collateral sale proceeds. Liquidation Expenses are covered under
the guarantee, provided they are reasonable, customary, and provide a
demonstrated economic benefit to the Lender and the Agency. Lender's
In-

[[Page 36455]]

House Expenses, which are those expenses that would normally be
incurred for administration of the loan, including in-house lawyers,
are not covered by the guarantee.
    (4) When a bankruptcy proceeding results in a liquidation of the
Borrower by a bankruptcy trustee appointed under 11 U.S.C. 701, 702,
703 or 1104, expenses will be handled as directed by the court, and the
Lender cannot claim Liquidation Expenses for the sale of the assets.
    (5) If the property is abandoned by the bankruptcy trustee, the
Lender will conduct the liquidation in accordance with Sec.  4287.357.
    (6) Proceeds received from partial sale of Collateral during
bankruptcy may be used by the Lender to pay reasonable costs, such as
freight, labor and sales commissions, associated with the partial sale.
Reasonable use of proceeds for this purpose must be documented with the
final loss claim.


Sec. Sec.  4287.371-4287.379   [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.380  Termination of guarantee.

The Loan Note Guarantee will terminate under any of the following
conditions:
    (a) Upon full payment of the guaranteed loan;
    (b) Upon full payment of any loss obligation; or
    (c) Upon written notice from the Lender to the Agency that the
guarantee will terminate 30 days after the date of notice, provided
that the Lender owns the entire guaranteed interest in the loan and the
Loan Note Guarantee is returned to the Agency to be canceled.


Sec. Sec.  4287.381-4287.399   [Reserved]


Sec.  4287.400  OMB control number.

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements contained in the subsequent interim
rule have been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0065 for approval. A person is not
required to respond to a collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number.

Dated: June 12, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
[FR Doc. 2015-14989 Filed 6-23-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 4998  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces the solicitation of applications for funds available under
the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program (the Program) to provide guaranteed loans to fund the
development, construction, and Retrofitting of commercial scale biorefineries
using Eligible technology and of Biobased product manufacturing facilities that
use technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment
to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries into
end-user products, on a commercial scale.

DATES: With this Notice, the Agency is announcing two separate application
cycles, as is provided which are established in accordance with 7 CFR
4279.260(b), with application closing dates of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time,
October 3, 2016, and 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, April 3, 2017.
Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business- Cooperative Service,
Energy Division no later than 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application
closing date to compete for program funds. Any application received after 4:30
p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application closing date will be considered
for the subsequent application cycle, provided that funding is available.
ADDRESSES: Applications and forms may be obtained from:  USDA, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division,

 Attention: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product

 Manufacturing Assistance Program, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP

 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.

      Agency Web site:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/welcomeAction.do?Home. Follow the
instructions for obtaining the

 application and forms. Application materials can also be obtained from

 the Agency's Web site.
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program.



 [[Page 48378]]





 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Todd Hubbell, Rural Business-

 Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,

 and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, USDA, 1400

 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.

 Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with the Program, as

 covered in this Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management

 Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0065.



 Overview



     Federal Agency Name: Rural Business-Cooperative Service (an Agency

 of USDA in the Rural Development mission area).

     Solicitation Opportunity Title: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,

 and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program.

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: The CFDA

 number for this Notice is 10.865.

     Dates: Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business-

 Cooperative Service, Energy Division no later than the application

 closing dates of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, October 3, 2016, and

 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, April 3, 2017. Any application

 received after 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application

 closing date will be considered for the subsequent application cycle,

 provided that funding is available.

     Availability of Notice and Rule: This Notice and the interim rule

 for the Program are available on the USDA Rural Development Web site

 at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program and
at http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom.



 I. Funding Opportunity Description



     A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the Biorefinery,

 Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Program is to

 assist in the development of new and emerging technologies for the

 development of Advanced biofuels, Renewable chemicals, and Biobased

 product manufacturing. This is achieved through guarantees for loans

 made to fund the development, construction, and Retrofitting of

 Commercial scale Biorefineries using Eligible technology and of

 Biobased product manufacturing facilities that use technologically new

 commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment and required

 facilities to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries into end-user products on a commercial scale.

     B. Statutory Authority. This Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C.

 8103. Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and in 7

 CFR part 4287, subpart D.

     C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice

 are published at 7 CFR 4279.202 and 7 CFR 4287.302.

     C. Application awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, score, and

 award applications received in response to this Notice based on the

 provisions found in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and as indicated in this

 Notice.



 II. Award Information



     A. Available funds. This Notice is a solicitation for applications

 that will be funded using budget authority provided by the Agricultural

 Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The 2014 Farm Bill authorized mandatory

 funding in each of fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016. Of the funds

 available, the 2014 Farm Bill provided for up to 15 percent of the

 mandatory funds for only fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to promote Biobased

 product manufacturing.

     B. Type of Award. Guaranteed loan.

     C. Approximate Number of Awards. Subject to the amount of funding

 available.

     D. Guarantee Loan Funding. The provisions of 7 CFR 4279.232 apply

 to this Notice. The Borrower needs to provide the remaining funds from

 other non-Federal sources to complete the Project.

     E. Guarantee and Annual Renewal Fees. The guarantee and Annual

 Renewal Fees specified in 7 CFR 4279.231 are applicable to this Notice.

     F. Anticipated Award Date. The award date will vary based on timing

 of completion of each Project's individual application process.



 III. Eligibility Information



     A. Eligible Lenders. To be eligible for this Program, Lenders must

 meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.208.

     B. Eligible Borrowers. To be eligible for this Program, Borrowers

 must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.209.

     C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this Program, projects

 must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.210.

     D. Application Completeness. Incomplete Phase 1 applications will

 be rejected and the Project will be given no further consideration.

 Lenders will be informed of the element(s) that made the application

 incomplete. If the Lender makes the required edits and resubmits the

 application to the USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy

 Division by 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, on the application closing

 date, the Agency will reconsider the application.



 IV. Application Submission Information



     A. Letter of Intent. For each guarantee request, the Lender or the

 Borrower must submit to the Agency a non-binding letter of intent to

 apply for a loan guarantee, not less than 30 calendar days prior to the

 application deadline. The letter of intent due date is September 6,

 2016 for the October 3, 2016 application cycle and March 6, 2017 for

 the April 3, 2017 cycle. The letter must identify the Borrower, the

 Lender and any Project sponsors; describe the Project and Project

 location; describe the proposed feedstock, primary technologies of the

 facility, and primary products produced; estimate the Total Project

 Cost and amount of loan requested; and identify the application cycle

 due date. The Agency reserves the right to request additional

 information from potential applicants. Applications that do not submit

 a letter of intent by 30 days prior to the application closing date

 will not be accepted by the Agency in that particular application

 cycle.

     B. Application Submittal. For each guarantee request, the Lender

 must submit to the Agency an application that is in conformance with 7

 CFR 4279.261. The content and methods of application submittal are

 specified below. Additionally, the Agency has developed an Application

 Guide that explains the application procedures and details the process

 for submission of an application. This guide is located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_Section9003Biorefinery_ApplicationGuide.pdf.

     C. Content and Form of Submission. All applicants must submit one

 paper copy of the application materials and an electronic copy

 containing the same information that is included in the paper copy.

 Detailed instructions regarding application submission are explained in

 the Application Guide that the Agency has developed. The Application

 Guide is available online on the ``Forms and Resources'' page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program



 [[Page 48379]]



 or by contacting Todd Hubbell, Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email:

 Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov Application materials should be submitted to

 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Attention:

 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing

 Assistance Program, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3225,

 Washington, DC 20250-3225.

     The Agency's application process is divided into two phases. Phase

 1 applications will provide information needed to determine Lender,

 Borrower, and Project eligibility; preliminary economic and technical

 feasibility; and the priority score of the application. Based on the

 priority score ranking, the Agency will invite applicants whose Phase 1

 applications receive higher priority scores to submit Phase 2

 applications. Phase 2 application materials will be submitted as the

 Project planning and engineering are finalized and will include

 information such as: Environmental compliance information, technical

 report, financial model, and the Lender's credit evaluation. Phase 1

 applications must contain the information required in the Agency's

 Application Guide and in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.261.

     D. Local Owner. For applications submitted under this Notice, when

 the majority of feedstock to be utilized by the Project on an annual

 basis is harvested from the land, the term ``local owner'' is defined

 as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible Biorefinery and

 whose primary residence is located within the geographic area that the

 Biorefinery's feedstock originates. In all other cases, ``local owner''

 is defined as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.



 V. Biobased Product Manufacturing



     This notice also includes the solicitation of applications for

 funds available under the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased

 Product Manufacturing Assistance Program to specifically fund Biobased

 product manufacturing. The 2014 Farm Bill added Biobased product

 manufacturing to the Program and provided for up to 15 percent of the

 mandatory funds for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to be used to support

 facilities producing Biobased products for end use. The 2014 Farm Bill

 provides the definition of ``Biobased product manufacturing,'' which

 the Agency has incorporated into the subsequent interim rule (see 7 CFR

 4279.202). This definition requires that the Biobased product

 manufacturing facility use Renewable chemicals and other biobased

 outputs of biorefineries as inputs and also requires that the Borrower

 use technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing

 equipment and required facilities. The facility must produce end-user

 products.



 VI. Biobased Product Manufacturing Eligibility Information



     The eligibility requirements for prospective Lenders and Borrowers

 will not change from those listed above for the Program, generally. For

 Biobased product manufacturing Projects, the Eligible Project

 requirement is modified to reflect that eligible Projects will use

 technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing

 equipment and required facilities to convert Renewable chemicals and

 other biobased outputs of biorefineries into end-user products on a

 commercial scale.

     Additionally, for purposes of Biobased product manufacturing

 Projects, only for purposes of technical review, technical reports need

 to address only the technologically new commercial scale processing and

 manufacturing equipment and required facilities.



 VII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Application Processing Procedures



     The application processing procedures will remain the same for

 Biobased product manufacturing projects as for the projects described

 above.

     For applications submitted under this Notice, ``local owner'' is

 defined as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.



 VIII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Scoring



     In lieu of the criteria listed in 7 CFR 4279.266, Biobased product

 manufacturing Projects will be scored using the criteria listed below:

     (a) Whether the Borrower has established a market for the

 manufactured Biobased product, as applicable. A maximum of 16 points

 can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) Degree of commitment of contracted sales agreements. A maximum

 of 6 points will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower has signed contracts for purchase for greater

 than 50 percent of the dollar value of manufactured Biobased product, 6

 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower has signed letters of intent to enter into

 contracted sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the

 purchase for greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of the

 manufactured Biobased product, or combination of signed contracts or

 agreements and letters of intent or comparable documentation, 4 points

 will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower has signed letters of interest to enter into

 contracted sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the

 purchase for greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of the

 manufactured Biobased product, or combination of signed contracts,

 letters of intent or comparable documentation, 2 points will be

 awarded.

     (2) Duration of contracted sales agreements. A maximum of 6 points

 will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of manufactured Biobased product for

 the period not less than the loan term, 6 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 for the period not less than 5 years but less than the term of the

 loan, 4 points will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 for the period not less than 1 year but less than 5 years, 2 points

 will be awarded.

     (3) Financial strength of the contracted sales agreement

 counterparty. A maximum of 4 points will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating not less than AA,

 Aa2, or equivalent, 4 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating less than AA, Aa2,

 or equivalent, but not less than



 [[Page 48380]]



 A-, or A3, or equivalent, 2 points will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating less than A-, or A3,

 or equivalent, but not less than BBB-, or Baa3, or equivalent, 1 point

 will be awarded.

     (b) Whether the area in which the Borrower proposes to place the

 Project, defined as the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals

 and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project,

 has any other similar facilities. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project does not have

 any other similar facilities, 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If there are other similar facilities located within the area

 that will supply the renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries to the proposed Project, 0 points will be awarded.

     (c) Whether the Borrower is proposing to use Renewable chemicals

 and other biobased outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the

 Biobased product manufacturing. A maximum of 10 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries previously used in the manufacture of

 a Biobased product in a commercial facility, 0 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the

 manufacture of a Biobased product in a commercial facility, 10 points

 will be awarded.

     (d) Whether the Borrower is proposing to work with producer

 associations or cooperatives. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If at least 50 percent of the dollar value of Renewable

 chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the

 proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives, 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If at least 30 percent of the dollar value of Renewable

 chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the

 proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives, 3 points will be awarded.

     (e) The level of financial participation by the Borrower, including

 support from non-Federal Government sources and private sources. A

 maximum of 20 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be

 determined as follows:

     (1) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is less than or equal to 50 percent of total Eligible

 project costs, 20 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is greater than 50 percent but less than or equal to 55

 percent of total Eligible project costs, 16 points will be awarded.

     (3) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is greater than 55 percent but less than or equal to 60

 percent of total Eligible project costs, 12 points will be awarded.

     (4) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding

 is greater than 60 percent but less than or equal to 65 percent of

 total Eligible project costs, 8 points will be awarded.

     (5) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding

 is greater than 65 percent but less than or equal to 70 percent of

 total Eligible project costs, 4 points will be awarded.

     (f) Whether the Borrower has established that the adoption of the

 manufacturing process proposed in the application will have a positive

 effect on three impact areas: resource conservation (e.g., water, soil,

 forest), public health (e.g., potable water, air quality), and the

 environment (e.g., compliance with an applicable renewable fuel

 standard, greenhouse gases, emissions, particulate matter). A maximum

 of 10 points can be awarded. Based on what the Borrower has provided in

 either the application or the Feasibility study, points to be awarded

 will be determined as follows:

     (1) If process adoption will have a positive impact on any one of

 the three impact areas (resource conservation, public health, or the

 environment), 3 points will be awarded.

     (2) If process adoption will have a positive impact on two of the

 three impact areas, 6 points will be awarded.

     (3) If process adoption will have a positive impact on all three

 impact areas, 10 points will be awarded.

     (g) Whether the Borrower can establish that, if adopted, the

 technology proposed in the application will not have any economically

 significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other

 facilities that use Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be

 awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Borrower has failed to establish, through an independent

 third-party Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed

 in the application, if adopted, will not have any economically

 significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other

 facilities that use similar Renewable chemicals and other biobased

 outputs of biorefineries, 0 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Borrower has established, through an independent third-

 party Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed in the

 application, if adopted, will not have any economically significant

 negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities

 that use Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries, 5 points will be awarded.

     (h) The potential for rural economic development. A maximum of 10

 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as

 follows:

     (1) If the Project is located in a Rural Area, 5 points will be

 awarded.

     (2) If the Project creates jobs through direct employment with an

 average wage that exceeds the county median household wages where the

 Project will be located, 5 points will be awarded.

     (i) The level of local ownership of the facility proposed in the

 application. For the purposes of this Notice, a Local owner is defined

 as ``An individual who owns any portion of an eligible Advanced biofuel

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.'' A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be

 awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of

 more than 20 percent but less than or equal to 50 percent, 3 points

 will be awarded.

     (2) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of

 more than 50 percent, 5 points will be awarded.

     (j) Whether the Project can be replicated. A maximum of 10 points

 can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Project can be commercially replicated regionally (e.g.,

 Northeast, Southwest, etc.), 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Project can be commercially replicated nationally, 10

 points will be awarded.



 [[Page 48381]]



     (k) If the Project uses a particular technology, system, or process

 that is not currently operating at commercial scale as of October 1 of

 the fiscal year for which the funding is available; October 1, 2016, 5

 points will be awarded.

     (l) The Administrator can award up to a maximum of 10 bonus points:

     (1) To ensure, to the extent practical, there is diversity in the

 types of Projects approved for loan guarantees to ensure as wide a

 range as possible technologies, products, and approaches are assisted

 in the program portfolio; and

     (2) To applications that promote partnerships and other activities

 that assist in the development of new and emerging technologies for the

 development of Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries, so as to, as applicable, promote resource conservation,

 public health, and the environment; diversify markets for agricultural

 and forestry products and agriculture waste material; and create jobs

 and enhance the economic development of the rural economy. No

 additional information regarding partnerships is detailed in this

 Notice.



 IX. General Program Information



     A. Loan Origination. Lenders seeking a loan guarantee under this

 Notice must comply with all of the provisions found in 7 CFR 4279,

 subpart C.

     B. Loan Processing. The Agency will process loans guaranteed under

 this Notice in accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR

 4279.260 through 4279.290.

     C. Evaluation of Applications and Awards. Awards under this Notice

 will be made on a competitive basis; submission of an application

 neither reserves funding nor ensures funding. The Agency will evaluate

 each application received in the USDA Rural Business-Cooperative

 Service, Energy Division, select Phase 1 applications in accordance

 with 7 CFR 4279.267 to invite submittal of Phase 2 applications and

 will make awards using the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.278.

     D. Guaranteed Loan Servicing. The Agency will service loans

 guaranteed under this Notice in accordance with the provisions

 specified in 7 CFR 4287.301 through 4287.399.

     E. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Registration. Unless exempt under 2

 CFR 25.110, the Applicant must be registered in the SAM prior to

 submitting an application and maintain an active SAM registration with

 current information at all times during which it has an active Federal

 award or an application under consideration by the Agency. Applicants

 must provide a DUNS number for each application submitted to the

 Agency.



 X. Administration Information



     A. Notifications. The Agency will notify, in writing, Lenders whose

 Phase 1 applications have scored highest and will invite them to submit

 Phase 2 applications. If the Agency determines it is unable to

 guarantee any particular loan, the Lender will be informed in writing.

 Such notification will include the reason(s) for denial of the

 guarantee.

     B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

     1. Review or Appeal Rights. A person may seek a review of an Agency

 decision or appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with

 7 CFR 4279.204.

     2. Exception Authority. The provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.203

 and 7 CFR 4287.303 apply to this Notice.

     C. Environmental Review. The Agency will review all applicant

 proposals that may qualify for assistance under this section in

 accordance with 7 CFR part 1970, Environmental Policies and Procedures.

 The environmental review for projects that score high enough will be

 submitted during the Phase 2 application process and must be conducted

 in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970, Environmental Policies and

 Procedures.



 XI. Agency Contacts



     For general questions about this Notice, please contact Todd

 Hubbell, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division,

 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing

 Assistance Program, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence

 Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225. Telephone: 202-

 690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov



 Nondiscrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

 or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance

 program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any

 program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all

 prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment

 activities.)

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: July 18, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-17486 Filed 7-22-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 4999  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice announces the solicitation of applications for funds available under
the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program (the Program) to provide guaranteed loans to fund the
development, construction, and Retrofitting of commercial scale biorefineries
using Eligible technology and of Biobased product manufacturing facilities that
use technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment
to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries into
end-user products, on a commercial scale.

DATES: With this Notice, the Agency is announcing two separate application
cycles, as is provided which are established in accordance with 7 CFR
4279.260(b), with application closing dates of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time,
October 3, 2016, and 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, April 3, 2017.
Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business- Cooperative Service,
Energy Division no later than 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application
closing date to compete for program funds. Any application received after 4:30
p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application closing date will be considered
for the subsequent application cycle, provided that funding is available.
ADDRESSES: Applications and forms may be obtained from:  USDA, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division,

 Attention: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product

 Manufacturing Assistance Program, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP

 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.

      Agency Web site:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/welcomeAction.do?Home. Follow the
instructions for obtaining the

 application and forms. Application materials can also be obtained from

 the Agency's Web site.
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program.



 [[Page 48378]]





 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Todd Hubbell, Rural Business-

 Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,

 and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, USDA, 1400

 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.

 Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with the Program, as

 covered in this Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management

 Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0065.



 Overview



     Federal Agency Name: Rural Business-Cooperative Service (an Agency

 of USDA in the Rural Development mission area).

     Solicitation Opportunity Title: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,

 and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program.

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: The CFDA

 number for this Notice is 10.865.

     Dates: Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business-

 Cooperative Service, Energy Division no later than the application

 closing dates of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, October 3, 2016, and

 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, April 3, 2017. Any application

 received after 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application

 closing date will be considered for the subsequent application cycle,

 provided that funding is available.

     Availability of Notice and Rule: This Notice and the interim rule

 for the Program are available on the USDA Rural Development Web site

 at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program and
at http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom.



 I. Funding Opportunity Description



     A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the Biorefinery,

 Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Program is to

 assist in the development of new and emerging technologies for the

 development of Advanced biofuels, Renewable chemicals, and Biobased

 product manufacturing. This is achieved through guarantees for loans

 made to fund the development, construction, and Retrofitting of

 Commercial scale Biorefineries using Eligible technology and of

 Biobased product manufacturing facilities that use technologically new

 commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment and required

 facilities to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries into end-user products on a commercial scale.

     B. Statutory Authority. This Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C.

 8103. Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and in 7

 CFR part 4287, subpart D.

     C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice

 are published at 7 CFR 4279.202 and 7 CFR 4287.302.

     C. Application awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, score, and

 award applications received in response to this Notice based on the

 provisions found in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and as indicated in this

 Notice.



 II. Award Information



     A. Available funds. This Notice is a solicitation for applications

 that will be funded using budget authority provided by the Agricultural

 Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The 2014 Farm Bill authorized mandatory

 funding in each of fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016. Of the funds

 available, the 2014 Farm Bill provided for up to 15 percent of the

 mandatory funds for only fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to promote Biobased

 product manufacturing.

     B. Type of Award. Guaranteed loan.

     C. Approximate Number of Awards. Subject to the amount of funding

 available.

     D. Guarantee Loan Funding. The provisions of 7 CFR 4279.232 apply

 to this Notice. The Borrower needs to provide the remaining funds from

 other non-Federal sources to complete the Project.

     E. Guarantee and Annual Renewal Fees. The guarantee and Annual

 Renewal Fees specified in 7 CFR 4279.231 are applicable to this Notice.

     F. Anticipated Award Date. The award date will vary based on timing

 of completion of each Project's individual application process.



 III. Eligibility Information



     A. Eligible Lenders. To be eligible for this Program, Lenders must

 meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.208.

     B. Eligible Borrowers. To be eligible for this Program, Borrowers

 must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.209.

     C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this Program, projects

 must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.210.

     D. Application Completeness. Incomplete Phase 1 applications will

 be rejected and the Project will be given no further consideration.

 Lenders will be informed of the element(s) that made the application

 incomplete. If the Lender makes the required edits and resubmits the

 application to the USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy

 Division by 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, on the application closing

 date, the Agency will reconsider the application.



 IV. Application Submission Information



     A. Letter of Intent. For each guarantee request, the Lender or the

 Borrower must submit to the Agency a non-binding letter of intent to

 apply for a loan guarantee, not less than 30 calendar days prior to the

 application deadline. The letter of intent due date is September 6,

 2016 for the October 3, 2016 application cycle and March 6, 2017 for

 the April 3, 2017 cycle. The letter must identify the Borrower, the

 Lender and any Project sponsors; describe the Project and Project

 location; describe the proposed feedstock, primary technologies of the

 facility, and primary products produced; estimate the Total Project

 Cost and amount of loan requested; and identify the application cycle

 due date. The Agency reserves the right to request additional

 information from potential applicants. Applications that do not submit

 a letter of intent by 30 days prior to the application closing date

 will not be accepted by the Agency in that particular application

 cycle.

     B. Application Submittal. For each guarantee request, the Lender

 must submit to the Agency an application that is in conformance with 7

 CFR 4279.261. The content and methods of application submittal are

 specified below. Additionally, the Agency has developed an Application

 Guide that explains the application procedures and details the process

 for submission of an application. This guide is located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_Section9003Biorefinery_ApplicationGuide.pdf.

     C. Content and Form of Submission. All applicants must submit one

 paper copy of the application materials and an electronic copy

 containing the same information that is included in the paper copy.

 Detailed instructions regarding application submission are explained in

 the Application Guide that the Agency has developed. The Application

 Guide is available online on the ``Forms and Resources'' page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program



 [[Page 48379]]



 or by contacting Todd Hubbell, Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email:

 Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov Application materials should be submitted to

 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Attention:

 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing

 Assistance Program, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3225,

 Washington, DC 20250-3225.

     The Agency's application process is divided into two phases. Phase

 1 applications will provide information needed to determine Lender,

 Borrower, and Project eligibility; preliminary economic and technical

 feasibility; and the priority score of the application. Based on the

 priority score ranking, the Agency will invite applicants whose Phase 1

 applications receive higher priority scores to submit Phase 2

 applications. Phase 2 application materials will be submitted as the

 Project planning and engineering are finalized and will include

 information such as: Environmental compliance information, technical

 report, financial model, and the Lender's credit evaluation. Phase 1

 applications must contain the information required in the Agency's

 Application Guide and in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.261.

     D. Local Owner. For applications submitted under this Notice, when

 the majority of feedstock to be utilized by the Project on an annual

 basis is harvested from the land, the term ``local owner'' is defined

 as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible Biorefinery and

 whose primary residence is located within the geographic area that the

 Biorefinery's feedstock originates. In all other cases, ``local owner''

 is defined as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.



 V. Biobased Product Manufacturing



     This notice also includes the solicitation of applications for

 funds available under the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased

 Product Manufacturing Assistance Program to specifically fund Biobased

 product manufacturing. The 2014 Farm Bill added Biobased product

 manufacturing to the Program and provided for up to 15 percent of the

 mandatory funds for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to be used to support

 facilities producing Biobased products for end use. The 2014 Farm Bill

 provides the definition of ``Biobased product manufacturing,'' which

 the Agency has incorporated into the subsequent interim rule (see 7 CFR

 4279.202). This definition requires that the Biobased product

 manufacturing facility use Renewable chemicals and other biobased

 outputs of biorefineries as inputs and also requires that the Borrower

 use technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing

 equipment and required facilities. The facility must produce end-user

 products.



 VI. Biobased Product Manufacturing Eligibility Information



     The eligibility requirements for prospective Lenders and Borrowers

 will not change from those listed above for the Program, generally. For

 Biobased product manufacturing Projects, the Eligible Project

 requirement is modified to reflect that eligible Projects will use

 technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing

 equipment and required facilities to convert Renewable chemicals and

 other biobased outputs of biorefineries into end-user products on a

 commercial scale.

     Additionally, for purposes of Biobased product manufacturing

 Projects, only for purposes of technical review, technical reports need

 to address only the technologically new commercial scale processing and

 manufacturing equipment and required facilities.



 VII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Application Processing Procedures



     The application processing procedures will remain the same for

 Biobased product manufacturing projects as for the projects described

 above.

     For applications submitted under this Notice, ``local owner'' is

 defined as an individual who owns any portion of an eligible

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.



 VIII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Scoring



     In lieu of the criteria listed in 7 CFR 4279.266, Biobased product

 manufacturing Projects will be scored using the criteria listed below:

     (a) Whether the Borrower has established a market for the

 manufactured Biobased product, as applicable. A maximum of 16 points

 can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) Degree of commitment of contracted sales agreements. A maximum

 of 6 points will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower has signed contracts for purchase for greater

 than 50 percent of the dollar value of manufactured Biobased product, 6

 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower has signed letters of intent to enter into

 contracted sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the

 purchase for greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of the

 manufactured Biobased product, or combination of signed contracts or

 agreements and letters of intent or comparable documentation, 4 points

 will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower has signed letters of interest to enter into

 contracted sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the

 purchase for greater than 50 percent of the dollar value of the

 manufactured Biobased product, or combination of signed contracts,

 letters of intent or comparable documentation, 2 points will be

 awarded.

     (2) Duration of contracted sales agreements. A maximum of 6 points

 will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of manufactured Biobased product for

 the period not less than the loan term, 6 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 for the period not less than 5 years but less than the term of the

 loan, 4 points will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 for the period not less than 1 year but less than 5 years, 2 points

 will be awarded.

     (3) Financial strength of the contracted sales agreement

 counterparty. A maximum of 4 points will be awarded.

     (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating not less than AA,

 Aa2, or equivalent, 4 points will be awarded.

     (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating less than AA, Aa2,

 or equivalent, but not less than



 [[Page 48380]]



 A-, or A3, or equivalent, 2 points will be awarded.

     (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales

 agreements prior to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal

 to 50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product

 with a counterparty with a corporate credit rating less than A-, or A3,

 or equivalent, but not less than BBB-, or Baa3, or equivalent, 1 point

 will be awarded.

     (b) Whether the area in which the Borrower proposes to place the

 Project, defined as the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals

 and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project,

 has any other similar facilities. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project does not have

 any other similar facilities, 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If there are other similar facilities located within the area

 that will supply the renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries to the proposed Project, 0 points will be awarded.

     (c) Whether the Borrower is proposing to use Renewable chemicals

 and other biobased outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the

 Biobased product manufacturing. A maximum of 10 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries previously used in the manufacture of

 a Biobased product in a commercial facility, 0 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other

 biobased outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the

 manufacture of a Biobased product in a commercial facility, 10 points

 will be awarded.

     (d) Whether the Borrower is proposing to work with producer

 associations or cooperatives. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded.

 Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If at least 50 percent of the dollar value of Renewable

 chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the

 proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives, 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If at least 30 percent of the dollar value of Renewable

 chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the

 proposed Project will be supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by producer associations and

 cooperatives, 3 points will be awarded.

     (e) The level of financial participation by the Borrower, including

 support from non-Federal Government sources and private sources. A

 maximum of 20 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be

 determined as follows:

     (1) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is less than or equal to 50 percent of total Eligible

 project costs, 20 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is greater than 50 percent but less than or equal to 55

 percent of total Eligible project costs, 16 points will be awarded.

     (3) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct

 Federal funding is greater than 55 percent but less than or equal to 60

 percent of total Eligible project costs, 12 points will be awarded.

     (4) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding

 is greater than 60 percent but less than or equal to 65 percent of

 total Eligible project costs, 8 points will be awarded.

     (5) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding

 is greater than 65 percent but less than or equal to 70 percent of

 total Eligible project costs, 4 points will be awarded.

     (f) Whether the Borrower has established that the adoption of the

 manufacturing process proposed in the application will have a positive

 effect on three impact areas: resource conservation (e.g., water, soil,

 forest), public health (e.g., potable water, air quality), and the

 environment (e.g., compliance with an applicable renewable fuel

 standard, greenhouse gases, emissions, particulate matter). A maximum

 of 10 points can be awarded. Based on what the Borrower has provided in

 either the application or the Feasibility study, points to be awarded

 will be determined as follows:

     (1) If process adoption will have a positive impact on any one of

 the three impact areas (resource conservation, public health, or the

 environment), 3 points will be awarded.

     (2) If process adoption will have a positive impact on two of the

 three impact areas, 6 points will be awarded.

     (3) If process adoption will have a positive impact on all three

 impact areas, 10 points will be awarded.

     (g) Whether the Borrower can establish that, if adopted, the

 technology proposed in the application will not have any economically

 significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other

 facilities that use Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be

 awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Borrower has failed to establish, through an independent

 third-party Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed

 in the application, if adopted, will not have any economically

 significant negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other

 facilities that use similar Renewable chemicals and other biobased

 outputs of biorefineries, 0 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Borrower has established, through an independent third-

 party Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed in the

 application, if adopted, will not have any economically significant

 negative impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities

 that use Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries, 5 points will be awarded.

     (h) The potential for rural economic development. A maximum of 10

 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as

 follows:

     (1) If the Project is located in a Rural Area, 5 points will be

 awarded.

     (2) If the Project creates jobs through direct employment with an

 average wage that exceeds the county median household wages where the

 Project will be located, 5 points will be awarded.

     (i) The level of local ownership of the facility proposed in the

 application. For the purposes of this Notice, a Local owner is defined

 as ``An individual who owns any portion of an eligible Advanced biofuel

 Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of

 the Biorefinery.'' A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be

 awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of

 more than 20 percent but less than or equal to 50 percent, 3 points

 will be awarded.

     (2) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of

 more than 50 percent, 5 points will be awarded.

     (j) Whether the Project can be replicated. A maximum of 10 points

 can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:

     (1) If the Project can be commercially replicated regionally (e.g.,

 Northeast, Southwest, etc.), 5 points will be awarded.

     (2) If the Project can be commercially replicated nationally, 10

 points will be awarded.



 [[Page 48381]]



     (k) If the Project uses a particular technology, system, or process

 that is not currently operating at commercial scale as of October 1 of

 the fiscal year for which the funding is available; October 1, 2016, 5

 points will be awarded.

     (l) The Administrator can award up to a maximum of 10 bonus points:

     (1) To ensure, to the extent practical, there is diversity in the

 types of Projects approved for loan guarantees to ensure as wide a

 range as possible technologies, products, and approaches are assisted

 in the program portfolio; and

     (2) To applications that promote partnerships and other activities

 that assist in the development of new and emerging technologies for the

 development of Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of

 biorefineries, so as to, as applicable, promote resource conservation,

 public health, and the environment; diversify markets for agricultural

 and forestry products and agriculture waste material; and create jobs

 and enhance the economic development of the rural economy. No

 additional information regarding partnerships is detailed in this

 Notice.



 IX. General Program Information



     A. Loan Origination. Lenders seeking a loan guarantee under this

 Notice must comply with all of the provisions found in 7 CFR 4279,

 subpart C.

     B. Loan Processing. The Agency will process loans guaranteed under

 this Notice in accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR

 4279.260 through 4279.290.

     C. Evaluation of Applications and Awards. Awards under this Notice

 will be made on a competitive basis; submission of an application

 neither reserves funding nor ensures funding. The Agency will evaluate

 each application received in the USDA Rural Business-Cooperative

 Service, Energy Division, select Phase 1 applications in accordance

 with 7 CFR 4279.267 to invite submittal of Phase 2 applications and

 will make awards using the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.278.

     D. Guaranteed Loan Servicing. The Agency will service loans

 guaranteed under this Notice in accordance with the provisions

 specified in 7 CFR 4287.301 through 4287.399.

     E. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Registration. Unless exempt under 2

 CFR 25.110, the Applicant must be registered in the SAM prior to

 submitting an application and maintain an active SAM registration with

 current information at all times during which it has an active Federal

 award or an application under consideration by the Agency. Applicants

 must provide a DUNS number for each application submitted to the

 Agency.



 X. Administration Information



     A. Notifications. The Agency will notify, in writing, Lenders whose

 Phase 1 applications have scored highest and will invite them to submit

 Phase 2 applications. If the Agency determines it is unable to

 guarantee any particular loan, the Lender will be informed in writing.

 Such notification will include the reason(s) for denial of the

 guarantee.

     B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

     1. Review or Appeal Rights. A person may seek a review of an Agency

 decision or appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with

 7 CFR 4279.204.

     2. Exception Authority. The provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.203

 and 7 CFR 4287.303 apply to this Notice.

     C. Environmental Review. The Agency will review all applicant

 proposals that may qualify for assistance under this section in

 accordance with 7 CFR part 1970, Environmental Policies and Procedures.

 The environmental review for projects that score high enough will be

 submitted during the Phase 2 application process and must be conducted

 in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970, Environmental Policies and

 Procedures.



 XI. Agency Contacts



     For general questions about this Notice, please contact Todd

 Hubbell, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division,

 Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing

 Assistance Program, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence

 Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225. Telephone: 202-

 690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov



 Nondiscrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

 or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance

 program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any

 program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all

 prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment

 activities.)

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: July 18, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-17486 Filed 7-22-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Funding Availabilities: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 4886  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Notice announces the solicitation of applications for funds available
under the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program (the Program) to provide guaranteed loans to fund the
development, construction, and Retrofitting of commercial scale biorefineries
using Eligible technology and of Biobased product manufacturing facilities that
use technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment
to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries into
end-user products, on a commercial scale.



 Dates



 With this Notice, the Agency is announcing two separate application cycles, as
is provided which are established in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.260(b), with
application closing dates of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, October 3, 2016,
and 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, April 3, 2017.



 Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
Energy Division no later than 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application
closing date to compete for program funds. Any application received after 4:30
p.m. Eastern Daylight Time of the application closing date will be considered
for the subsequent application cycle, provided that funding is available.

 Addresses



 Applications and forms may be obtained from:



     USDA, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Attention:
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.

     Agency Web site:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/welcomeAction.do?Home. Follow the
instructions for obtaining the application and forms. Application materials can
also be obtained from the Agency's Web site.
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program.



 For Further Information Contact



 Todd Hubbell, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, USDA,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.
Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with the Program, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0065.

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: Rural Business-Cooperative Service (an Agency of USDA in
the Rural Development mission area).



 Solicitation Opportunity Title: Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manufacturing Assistance Program.



 Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: The CFDA number for this
Notice is 10.865.



 Dates: Applications must be received in the USDA Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, Energy Division no later than the application closing dates of 4:30
p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, October 3, 2016, and 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight
Time, April 3, 2017. Any application received after 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight
Time of the application closing date will be considered for the subsequent
application cycle, provided that funding is available.



 Availability of Notice and Rule: This Notice and the interim rule for the
Program are available on the USDA Rural Development Web site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program and at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom.

 I. Funding Opportunity Description



 A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,
and Biobased Product Manufacturing Program is to assist in the development of
new and emerging technologies for the development of Advanced biofuels,
Renewable chemicals, and Biobased product manufacturing. This is achieved
through guarantees for loans made to fund the development, construction, and
Retrofitting of Commercial scale Biorefineries using Eligible technology and of
Biobased product manufacturing facilities that use technologically new
commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment and required facilities
to convert Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries into
end-user products on a commercial scale.



 B. Statutory Authority. This Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8103.
Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and in 7 CFR part 4287,
subpart D.



 C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4279.202 and 7 CFR 4287.302.



 C. Application awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, score, and award
applications received in response to this Notice based on the provisions found
in 7 CFR part 4279, subpart C and as indicated in this Notice.

 II. Award Information



 A. Available funds. This Notice is a solicitation for applications that will be
funded using budget authority provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill). The 2014 Farm Bill authorized mandatory funding in each of fiscal
years 2014, 2015 and 2016. Of the funds available, the 2014 Farm Bill provided
for up to 15 percent of the mandatory funds for only fiscal years 2014 and 2015
to promote Biobased product manufacturing.



 B. Type of Award. Guaranteed loan.



 C. Approximate Number of Awards. Subject to the amount of funding available.



 D. Guarantee Loan Funding. The provisions of 7 CFR 4279.232 apply to this
Notice. The Borrower needs to provide the remaining funds from other non-Federal
sources to complete the Project.



 E. Guarantee and Annual Renewal Fees. The guarantee and Annual Renewal Fees
specified in 7 CFR 4279.231 are applicable to this Notice.



 F. Anticipated Award Date. The award date will vary based on timing of
completion of each Project's individual application process.

 III. Eligibility Information



 A. Eligible Lenders. To be eligible for this Program, Lenders must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.208.



 B. Eligible Borrowers. To be eligible for this Program, Borrowers must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.209.



 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this Program, projects must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4279.210.



 D. Application Completeness. Incomplete Phase 1 applications will be rejected
and the Project will be given no further consideration. Lenders will be informed
of the element(s) that made the application incomplete. If the Lender makes the
required edits and resubmits the application to the USDA's Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division by 4:30 p.m. Eastern Daylight
Time, on the application closing date, the Agency will reconsider the
application.

 IV. Application Submission Information



 A. Letter of Intent. For each guarantee request, the Lender or the Borrower
must submit to the Agency a non-binding letter of intent to apply for a loan
guarantee, not less than 30 calendar days prior to the application deadline. The
letter of intent due date is September 6, 2016 for the October 3, 2016
application cycle and March 6, 2017 for the April 3, 2017 cycle. The letter must
identify the Borrower, the Lender and any Project sponsors; describe the Project
and Project location; describe the proposed feedstock, primary technologies of
the facility, and primary products produced; estimate the Total Project Cost and
amount of loan requested; and identify the application cycle due date. The
Agency reserves the right to request additional information from potential
applicants. Applications that do not submit a letter of intent by 30 days prior
to the application closing date will not be accepted by the Agency in that
particular application cycle.



 B. Application Submittal. For each guarantee request, the Lender must submit to
the Agency an application that is in conformance with 7 CFR 4279.261. The
content and methods of application submittal are specified below. Additionally,
the Agency has developed an Application Guide that explains the application
procedures and details the process for submission of an application. This guide
is located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_Section9003Biorefinery_ApplicationGuide.pdf.



 C. Content and Form of Submission. All applicants must submit one paper copy of
the application materials and an electronic copy containing the same information
that is included in the paper copy. Detailed instructions regarding application
submission are explained in the Application Guide that the Agency has developed.
The Application Guide is available online on the  "Forms and Resources" page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/biorefinery-assistance-program or by
contacting Todd Hubbell, Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email:
Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov Application materials should be submitted to USDA
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Attention: Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., STOP 3225, Washington, DC 20250-3225.



 The Agency's application process is divided into two phases. Phase 1
applications will provide information needed to determine Lender, Borrower, and
Project eligibility; preliminary economic and technical feasibility; and the
priority score of the application. Based on the priority score ranking, the
Agency will invite applicants whose Phase 1 applications receive higher priority
scores to submit Phase 2 applications. Phase 2 application materials will be
submitted as the Project planning and engineering are finalized and will include
information such as: Environmental compliance information, technical report,
financial model, and the Lender's credit evaluation. Phase 1 applications must
contain the information required in the Agency's Application Guide and in
accordance with 7 CFR 4279.261.



 D. Local Owner. For applications submitted under this Notice, when the majority
of feedstock to be utilized by the Project on an annual basis is harvested from
the land, the term  "local owner" is defined as an individual who owns any
portion of an eligible Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within
the geographic area that the Biorefinery's feedstock originates. In all other
cases, "local owner" is defined as an individual who owns any portion of an
eligible Biorefinery and whose primary residence is located within 100 miles of
the Biorefinery.

 V. Biobased Product Manufacturing



 This notice also includes the solicitation of applications for funds available
under the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program to specifically fund Biobased product manufacturing. The 2014
Farm Bill added Biobased product manufacturing to the Program and provided for
up to 15 percent of the mandatory funds for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to be
used to support facilities producing Biobased products for end use. The 2014
Farm Bill provides the definition of "Biobased product manufacturing," which the
Agency has incorporated into the subsequent interim rule (see 7 CFR 4279.202).
This definition requires that the Biobased product manufacturing facility use
Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries as inputs and
also requires that the Borrower use technologically new commercial scale
processing and manufacturing equipment and required facilities. The facility
must produce end-user products.

 VI. Biobased Product Manufacturing Eligibility Information



 The eligibility requirements for prospective Lenders and Borrowers will not
change from those listed above for the Program, generally. For Biobased product
manufacturing Projects, the Eligible Project requirement is modified to reflect
that eligible Projects will use technologically new commercial scale processing
and manufacturing equipment and required facilities to convert Renewable
chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries into end-user products on
a commercial scale.



 Additionally, for purposes of Biobased product manufacturing Projects, only for
purposes of technical review, technical reports need to address only the
technologically new commercial scale processing and manufacturing equipment and
required facilities.

 VII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Application Processing Procedures



 The application processing procedures will remain the same for Biobased product
manufacturing projects as for the projects described above.



 For applications submitted under this Notice, "local owner" is defined as an
individual who owns any portion of an eligible Biorefinery and whose primary
residence is located within 100 miles of the Biorefinery.

 VIII. Biobased Product Manufacturing Scoring



 In lieu of the criteria listed in 7 CFR 4279.266, Biobased product
manufacturing Projects will be scored using the criteria listed below:



 (a) Whether the Borrower has established a market for the manufactured Biobased
product, as applicable. A maximum of 16 points can be awarded. Points to be
awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) Degree of commitment of contracted sales agreements. A maximum of 6 points
will be awarded.



 (i) If the Borrower has signed contracts for purchase for greater than 50
percent of the dollar value of manufactured Biobased product, 6 points will be
awarded.



 (ii) If the Borrower has signed letters of intent to enter into contracted
sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the purchase for greater than
50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product, or
combination of signed contracts or agreements and letters of intent or
comparable documentation, 4 points will be awarded.



 (iii) If the Borrower has signed letters of interest to enter into contracted
sales agreements, or comparable documentation, for the purchase for greater than
50 percent of the dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product, or
combination of signed contracts, letters of intent or comparable documentation,
2 points will be awarded.



 (2) Duration of contracted sales agreements. A maximum of 6 points will be
awarded.



 (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior to
loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the dollar
value of manufactured Biobased product for the period not less than the loan
term, 6 points will be awarded.



 (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior to
loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the dollar
value of the manufactured Biobased product for the period not less than 5 years
but less than the term of the loan, 4 points will be awarded.



 (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior
to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the
dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product for the period not less than 1
year but less than 5 years, 2 points will be awarded.



 (3) Financial strength of the contracted sales agreement counterparty. A
maximum of 4 points will be awarded.



 (i) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior to
loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the dollar
value of the manufactured Biobased product with a counterparty with a corporate
credit rating not less than AA, Aa2, or equivalent, 4 points will be awarded.



 (ii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior to
loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the dollar
value of the manufactured Biobased product with a counterparty with a corporate
credit rating less than AA, Aa2, or equivalent, but not less than A&minus;, or
A3, or equivalent, 2 points will be awarded.



 (iii) If the Borrower commits to enter into contracted sales agreements prior
to loan closing for purchase for greater than or equal to 50 percent of the
dollar value of the manufactured Biobased product with a counterparty with a
corporate credit rating less than A&minus;, or A3, or equivalent, but not less
than BBB&minus;, or Baa3, or equivalent, 1 point will be awarded.



 (b) Whether the area in which the Borrower proposes to place the Project,
defined as the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals and other biobased
outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project, has any other similar
facilities. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be
determined as follows:



 (1) If the area that will supply the Renewable chemicals and other biobased
outputs of biorefineries to the proposed Project does not have any other similar
facilities, 5 points will be awarded.



 (2) If there are other similar facilities located within the area that will
supply the renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries to
the proposed Project, 0 points will be awarded.



 (c) Whether the Borrower is proposing to use Renewable chemicals and other
biobased outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the Biobased product
manufacturing. A maximum of 10 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will
be determined as follows:



 (1) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other biobased
outputs of biorefineries previously used in the manufacture of a Biobased
product in a commercial facility, 0 points will be awarded.



 (2) If the Borrower proposes to use Renewable chemicals and other biobased
outputs of biorefineries not previously used in the manufacture of a Biobased
product in a commercial facility, 10 points will be awarded.



 (d) Whether the Borrower is proposing to work with producer associations or
cooperatives. A maximum of 5 points can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be
determined as follows:



 (1) If at least 50 percent of the dollar value of Renewable chemicals and other
biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the proposed Project will be
supplied by producer associations and cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by
producer associations and cooperatives, 5 points will be awarded.



 (2) If at least 30 percent of the dollar value of Renewable chemicals and other
biobased outputs of biorefineries to be used by the proposed Project will be
supplied by producer associations and cooperatives or biorefineries supplied by
producer associations and cooperatives, 3 points will be awarded.



 (e) The level of financial participation by the Borrower, including support
from non-Federal Government sources and private sources. A maximum of 20 points
can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct Federal funding is
less than or equal to 50 percent of total Eligible project costs, 20 points will
be awarded.



 (2) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct Federal funding is
greater than 50 percent but less than or equal to 55 percent of total Eligible
project costs, 16 points will be awarded.



 (3) If the sum of the loan amount requested and other direct Federal funding is
greater than 55 percent but less than or equal to 60 percent of total Eligible
project costs, 12 points will be awarded.



 (4) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding is greater
than 60 percent but less than or equal to 65 percent of total Eligible project
costs, 8 points will be awarded.



 (5) If the sum of the loan amount and other direct Federal funding is greater
than 65 percent but less than or equal to 70 percent of total Eligible project
costs, 4 points will be awarded.



 (f) Whether the Borrower has established that the adoption of the manufacturing
process proposed in the application will have a positive effect on three impact
areas: resource conservation (e.g., water, soil, forest), public health (e.g.,
potable water, air quality), and the environment (e.g., compliance with an
applicable renewable fuel standard, greenhouse gases, emissions, particulate
matter). A maximum of 10 points can be awarded. Based on what the Borrower has
provided in either the application or the Feasibility study, points to be
awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If process adoption will have a positive impact on any one of the three
impact areas (resource conservation, public health, or the environment), 3
points will be awarded.



 (2) If process adoption will have a positive impact on two of the three impact
areas, 6 points will be awarded.



 (3) If process adoption will have a positive impact on all three impact areas,
10 points will be awarded.



 (g) Whether the Borrower can establish that, if adopted, the technology
proposed in the application will not have any economically significant negative
impacts on existing manufacturing plants or other facilities that use Renewable
chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries. A maximum of 5 points can
be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If the Borrower has failed to establish, through an independent third-party
Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed in the application,
if adopted, will not have any economically significant negative impacts on
existing manufacturing plants or other facilities that use similar Renewable
chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries, 0 points will be awarded.




 (2) If the Borrower has established, through an independent third-party
Feasibility study, that the production technology proposed in the application,
if adopted, will not have any economically significant negative impacts on
existing manufacturing plants or other facilities that use Renewable chemicals
and other biobased outputs of biorefineries, 5 points will be awarded.



 (h) The potential for rural economic development. A maximum of 10 points can be
awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If the Project is located in a Rural Area, 5 points will be awarded.



 (2) If the Project creates jobs through direct employment with an average wage
that exceeds the county median household wages where the Project will be
located, 5 points will be awarded.



 (i) The level of local ownership of the facility proposed in the application.
For the purposes of this Notice, a Local owner is defined as "An individual who
owns any portion of an eligible Advanced biofuel Biorefinery and whose primary
residence is located within 100 miles of the Biorefinery." A maximum of 5 points
can be awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of more than 20
percent but less than or equal to 50 percent, 3 points will be awarded.



 (2) If Local owners have an ownership interest in the facility of more than 50
percent, 5 points will be awarded.



 (j) Whether the Project can be replicated. A maximum of 10 points can be
awarded. Points to be awarded will be determined as follows:



 (1) If the Project can be commercially replicated regionally (e.g., Northeast,
Southwest, etc.), 5 points will be awarded.



 (2) If the Project can be commercially replicated nationally, 10 points will be
awarded.



 (k) If the Project uses a particular technology, system, or process that is not
currently operating at commercial scale as of October 1 of the fiscal year for
which the funding is available; October 1, 2016, 5 points will be awarded.



 (l) The Administrator can award up to a maximum of 10 bonus points:



 (1) To ensure, to the extent practical, there is diversity in the types of
Projects approved for loan guarantees to ensure as wide a range as possible
technologies, products, and approaches are assisted in the program portfolio;
and



 (2) To applications that promote partnerships and other activities that assist
in the development of new and emerging technologies for the development of
Renewable chemicals and other biobased outputs of biorefineries, so as to, as
applicable, promote resource conservation, public health, and the environment;
diversify markets for agricultural and forestry products and agriculture waste
material; and create jobs and enhance the economic development of the rural
economy. No additional information regarding partnerships is detailed in this
Notice.

 IX. General Program Information



 A. Loan Origination. Lenders seeking a loan guarantee under this Notice must
comply with all of the provisions found in 7 CFR 4279, subpart C.



 B. Loan Processing. The Agency will process loans guaranteed under this Notice
in accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.260 through 4279.290.



 C. Evaluation of Applications and Awards. Awards under this Notice will be made
on a competitive basis; submission of an application neither reserves funding
nor ensures funding. The Agency will evaluate each application received in the
USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, select Phase 1
applications in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.267 to invite submittal of Phase 2
applications and will make awards using the provisions specified in 7 CFR
4279.278.



 D. Guaranteed Loan Servicing. The Agency will service loans guaranteed under
this Notice in accordance with the provisions specified in 7 CFR 4287.301
through 4287.399.



 E. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) Registration. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, the
Applicant must be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application and
maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times during
which it has an active Federal award or an application under consideration by
the Agency. Applicants must provide a DUNS number for each application submitted
to the Agency.

 X. Administration Information



 A. Notifications. The Agency will notify, in writing, Lenders whose Phase 1
applications have scored highest and will invite them to submit Phase 2
applications. If the Agency determines it is unable to guarantee any particular
loan, the Lender will be informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reason(s) for denial of the guarantee.



 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.



 1. Review or Appeal Rights. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or
appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.204.



 2. Exception Authority. The provisions specified in 7 CFR 4279.203 and 7 CFR
4287.303 apply to this Notice.



 C. Environmental Review. The Agency will review all applicant proposals that
may qualify for assistance under this section in accordance with 7 CFR part
1970, Environmental Policies and Procedures. The environmental review for
projects that score high enough will be submitted during the Phase 2 application
process and must be conducted in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970, Environmental
Policies and Procedures.

 XI. Agency Contacts



 For general questions about this Notice, please contact Todd Hubbell, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Energy Division, Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,
and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Mail Stop 3225, Washington, DC
20250-3225. Telephone: 202-690-2516. Email: Todd.Hubbell@wdc.usda.gov

 Nondiscrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: July 18, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-17486 Filed 7-22-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Washington: Introduction to the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and
Deregulatory Actions

LENGTH: 252628  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 245 (Monday, December 22, 2014)]
[Unknown Section]
[Pages 76455-76672]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-28927]

[[Page 76455]]

Vol. 79

Monday,

No. 245

December 22, 2014

Part II

Regulatory Information Service Center

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of Federal
Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

Federal Register / Vol. 79 , No. 245 / Monday, December 22, 2014 /
The Regulatory Plan

[[Page 76456]]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE CENTER


Introduction to the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and
Deregulatory Actions

AGENCY: Regulatory Information Service Center.

ACTION: Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Regulatory Flexibility Act requires that agencies publish
semiannual regulatory agendas in the Federal Register describing
regulatory actions they are developing that may have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities (5 U.S.C.
602). Executive Order 12866 ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' signed
September 30, 1993 (58 FR 51735), and incorporated in Executive Order
13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review'' issued on January
18, 2011 (76 FR 3821) establish guidelines and procedures for agencies'
agendas, including specific types of information for each entry.
 The Unified Agenda of Federal Regulator and Deregulatory Actions
(Unified Agenda) helps agencies fulfill these requirements. All Federal
regulatory agencies have chosen to publish their regulatory agendas as
part of the Unified Agenda. The complete 2014 Unified Agenda and
Regulatory Plan, which contains the regulatory agendas for Federal
agencies, is available to the public at http://reginfo.gov.
 The fall 2014 Unified Agenda publication appearing in the Federal
Register consists of The Regulatory Plan and agency regulatory
flexibility agendas, in accordance with the publication requirements of
the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Agency regulatory flexibility agendas
contain only those Agenda entries for rules that are likely to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
and entries that have been selected for periodic review under section
610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
 The complete fall 2014 Unified Agenda contains the Regulatory Plans
of 30 Federal agencies and the regulatory agendas of 31 other Federal
agencies.

ADDRESSES: Regulatory Information Service Center (MVE), General
Services Administration, 1800 F Street NW., 2219F, Washington, DC
20405.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information about specific
regulatory actions, please refer to the agency contact listed for each
entry.
 To provide comment on or to obtain further information about this
publication, contact: John C. Thomas, Executive Director, Regulatory
Information Service Center (MVE), General Services Administration, 1800
F Street NW., 2219F, Washington, DC 20405, (202) 482-7340. You may also
send comments to us by email at: risc@gsa.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

I. What are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda?
 II. Why are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda
published?
 III. How are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda
organized?
 IV. What Information appears for each entry?
 V. Abbreviations
 VI. How can users get copies of the Plan and the Agenda?

Introduction to the Fall 2014 Regulatory Plan

AGENCY REGULATORY PLANS

Cabinet Departments

Department of Agriculture
Department of Commerce
Department of Defense
Department of Education
Department of Energy
Department of Health and Human Services
Department of Homeland Security
Department of Housing and Urban Development
Department of the Interior
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
Department of Transportation
Department of the Treasury
Department of Veterans Affairs

Other Executive Agencies

Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
Environmental Protection Agency
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
General Services Administration
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
National Archives and Records Administration
Office of Personnel Management
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
Small Business Administration
Social Security Administration

Independent Regulatory Agencies

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Consumer Product Safety Commission
Federal Trade Commission
National Indian Gaming Commission
Nuclear Regulatory Commission

AGENCY AGENDAS

Cabinet Departments

Department of Agriculture
Department of Commerce
Department of Defense
Department of Education
Department of Energy
Department of Health and Human Services
Department of Homeland Security
Department of the Interior
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
Department of Transportation

Other Executive Agencies

Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
Environmental Protection Agency
General Services Administration
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Small Business Administration
Joint Authority
Department of Defense/General Services Administration/National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (Federal Acquisition
Regulation)

Independent Regulatory Agencies

Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Communications Commission
Federal Reserve System
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Securities and Exchange Commission
Surface Transportation Board

INTRODUCTION TO THE REGULATORY PLAN AND THE UNIFIED AGENDA OF FEDERAL
REGULATORY AND DEREGULATORY ACTIONS

I. What are the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda?

The Regulatory Plan serves as a defining statement of the
Administration's regulatory and deregulatory policies and priorities.
The Plan is part of the fall edition of the Unified Agenda. Each
participating agency's regulatory plan contains: (1) A narrative
statement of the agency's regulatory and deregulatory priorities, and,
for the most part, (2) a description of the most important significant
regulatory and deregulatory actions that the agency reasonably expects
to issue in proposed or final form during the upcoming fiscal year.
This edition includes the regulatory plans of 30 agencies.
 The Unified Agenda provides information about regulations that the
Government is considering or reviewing. The Unified Agenda has appeared
in the Federal Register twice each year since 1983 and has been
available online since 1995. The complete Unified Agenda is available
to the public at http://reginfo.gov. The online Unified Agenda offers
flexible search tools and access to the historic Unified Agenda
database to 1995.
 The fall 2014 Unified Agenda publication appearing in the Federal
Register consists of The Regulatory Plan and agency regulatory
flexibility

[[Page 76457]]

agendas, in accordance with the publication requirements of the
Regulatory Flexibility Act. Agency regulatory flexibility agendas
contain only those Agenda entries for rules that are likely to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
and entries that have been selected for periodic review under section
610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Printed entries display only the
fields required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Complete agenda
information for those entries appears, in a uniform format, in the
online Unified Agenda at http://reginfo.gov.
 These publication formats meet the publication mandates of the
Regulatory Flexibility Act and Executive Order 12866 (incorporated in
Executive Order 13563), as well as moved the Agenda process to the goal
of online availability, resulting in a reduced cost in printing. The
current online format does not reduce the amount of information
available to the public. The complete online edition of the Unified
Agenda includes regulatory agendas from 61 Federal agencies. Agencies
of the United States Congress are not included.
 The following agencies have no entries identified for inclusion in
the printed regulatory flexibility agenda. An asterisk (*) indicates
agencies that appear in The Regulatory Plan. The regulatory agendas of
these agencies are available to the public at http://reginfo.gov.

Department of Housing and Urban Development*
Department of State
Department of Treasury*
Department of Veterans Affairs*
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation
Agency for International Development
Commission on Civil Rights
Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled
Corporation for National and Community Service
Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of
Columbia
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission*
Institute of Museum and Library Services
National Archives and Records Administration*
National Endowment for the Arts
National Endowment for the Humanities
National Science Foundation
Office of Government Ethics
Office of Management and Budget
Office of Personnel Management*
Peace Corps
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation*
Railroad Retirement Board
Social Security Administration*
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau*
Consumer Product Safety Commission*
Farm Credit Administration
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Maritime Commission
Federal Trade Commission*
Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration CouncilNational Credit Union
Administration
National Credit Union Administration
National Indian Gaming Commission*
National Labor Relations Board
National Transportation Safety Board
Postal Regulatory Commission
Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board
 The Regulatory Information Service Center compiles the Unified
Agenda for the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA),
part of the Office of Management and Budget. OIRA is responsible for
overseeing the Federal Government's regulatory, paperwork, and
information resource management activities, including implementation of
Executive Order 12866 (incorporated in Executive Order 13563). The
Center also provides information about Federal regulatory activity to
the President and his Executive Office, the Congress, agency officials,
and the public.
 The activities included in the Agenda are, in general, those that
will have a regulatory action within the next 12 months. Agencies may
choose to include activities that will have a longer timeframe than 12
months. Agency agendas also show actions or reviews completed or
withdrawn since the last Unified Agenda. Executive Order 12866 does not
require agencies to include regulations concerning military or foreign
affairs functions or regulations related to agency organization,
management, or personnel matters.
 Agencies prepared entries for this publication to give the public
notice of their plans to review, propose, and issue regulations. They
have tried to predict their activities over the next 12 months as
accurately as possible, but dates and schedules are subject to change.
Agencies may withdraw some of the regulations now under development,
and they may issue or propose other regulations not included in their
agendas. Agency actions in the rulemaking process may occur before or
after the dates they have listed. The Regulatory Plan and Unified
Agenda do not create a legal obligation on agencies to adhere to
schedules in this publication or to confine their regulatory activities
to those regulations that appear within it.

II. Why Are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda published?

The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda helps agencies comply
with their obligations under the Regulatory Flexibility Act and various
Executive orders and other statutes.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

The Regulatory Flexibility Act requires agencies to identify those
rules that may have a significant economic impact on a substantial
number of small entities (5 U.S.C. 602). Agencies meet that requirement
by including the information in their submissions for the Unified
Agenda. Agencies may also indicate those regulations that they are
reviewing as part of their periodic review of existing rules under the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 610). Executive Order 13272
entitled ``Proper Consideration of Small Entities in Agency
Rulemaking,'' signed August 13, 2002 (67 FR 53461), provides additional
guidance on compliance with the Act.

Executive Order 12866

Executive Order 12866 entitled ``Regulatory Planning and Review,''
signed September 30, 1993 (58 FR 51735), requires covered agencies to
prepare an agenda of all regulations under development or review. The
Order also requires that certain agencies prepare annually a regulatory
plan of their ``most important significant regulatory actions,'' which
appears as part of the fall Unified Agenda. Executive Order 13497,
signed January 30, 2009 (74 FR 6113), revoked the amendments to
Executive Order 12866 that were contained in Executive Order 13258 and
Executive Order 13422.

Executive Order 13563

Executive Order 13563 entitled ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review,'' issued on January 18, 2011, supplements and
reaffirms the principles, structures, and definitions governing
contemporary regulatory review that were established in Executive Order
12866, which includes the general principles of regulation and public
participation, and orders integration and innovation in coordination
across agencies; flexible approaches where relevant, feasible, and
consistent with regulatory approaches; scientific integrity in any
scientific or technological information and processes used to support
the agencies' regulatory actions; and retrospective analysis of
existing regulations.

[[Page 76458]]

Executive Order 13132

Executive Order 13132 entitled ``Federalism,'' signed August 4,
1999 (64 FR 43255), directs agencies to have an accountable process to
ensure meaningful and timely input by State and local officials in the
development of regulatory policies that have ``federalism
implications'' as defined in the Order. Under the Order, an agency that
is proposing a regulation with federalism implications, which either
preempt State law or impose non-statutory unfunded substantial direct
compliance costs on State and local governments, must consult with
State and local officials early in the process of developing the
regulation. In addition, the agency must provide to the Director of the
Office of Management and Budget a federalism summary impact statement
for such a regulation, which consists of a description of the extent of
the agency's prior consultation with State and local officials, a
summary of their concerns and the agency's position supporting the need
to issue the regulation, and a statement of the extent to which those
concerns have been met. As part of this effort, agencies include in
their submissions for the Unified Agenda information on whether their
regulatory actions may have an effect on the various levels of
government and whether those actions have federalism implications.

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995

The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-4, title II)
requires agencies to prepare written assessments of the costs and
benefits of significant regulatory actions ``that may result in the
expenditure by State, local, and tribal governments, in the aggregate,
or by the private sector, of $100,000,000 or more . . . in any 1 year .
. . . '' The requirement does not apply to independent regulatory
agencies, nor does it apply to certain subject areas excluded by
section 4 of the Act. Affected agencies identify in the Unified Agenda
those regulatory actions they believe are subject to title II of the
Act.

Executive Order 13211

Executive Order 13211 entitled ``Actions Concerning Regulations
That Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use,'' signed
May 18, 2001 (66 FR 28355), directs agencies to provide, to the extent
possible, information regarding the adverse effects that agency actions
may have on the supply, distribution, and use of energy. Under the
Order, the agency must prepare and submit a Statement of Energy Effects
to the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, for ``those matters
identified as significant energy actions.'' As part of this effort,
agencies may optionally include in their submissions for the Unified
Agenda information on whether they have prepared or plan to prepare a
Statement of Energy Effects for their regulatory actions.

Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act

The Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act (Pub. L.
104-121, title II) established a procedure for congressional review of
rules (5 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), which defers, unless exempted, the
effective date of a ``major'' rule for at least 60 days from the
publication of the final rule in the Federal Register. The Act
specifies that a rule is ``major'' if it has resulted, or is likely to
result, in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
meets other criteria specified in that Act. The Act provides that the
Administrator of OIRA will make the final determination as to whether a
rule is major.

III. How Are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda organized?

The Regulatory Plan appears in part II in a daily edition of the
Federal Register. The Plan is a single document beginning with an
introduction, followed by a table of contents, followed by each
agency's section of the Plan. Following the Plan in the Federal
Register, as separate parts, are the regulatory flexibility agendas for
each agency whose agenda includes entries for rules which are likely to
have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small
entities or rules that have been selected for periodic review under
section 610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Each printed agenda
appears as a separate part. The sections of the Plan and the parts of
the Unified Agenda are organized alphabetically in four groups: Cabinet
departments; other executive agencies; the Federal Acquisition
Regulation, a joint authority (Agenda only); and independent regulatory
agencies. Agencies may in turn be divided into subagencies. Each
printed agency agenda has a table of contents listing the agency's
printed entries that follow. Each agency's part of the Agenda contains
a preamble providing information specific to that agency. Each printed
agency agenda has a table of contents listing the agency's printed
entries that follow.
 Each agency's section of the Plan contains a narrative statement of
regulatory priorities and, for most agencies, a description of the
agency's most important significant regulatory and deregulatory
actions. Each agency's part of the Agenda contains a preamble providing
information specific to that agency plus descriptions of the agency's
regulatory and deregulatory actions.
 The online, complete Unified Agenda contains the preambles of all
participating agencies. Unlike the printed edition, the online Agenda
has no fixed ordering. In the online Agenda, users can select the
particular agencies whose agendas they want to see. Users have broad
flexibility to specify the characteristics of the entries of interest
to them by choosing the desired responses to individual data fields. To
see a listing of all of an agency's entries, a user can select the
agency without specifying any particular characteristics of entries.
 Each entry in the Agenda is associated with one of five rulemaking
stages. The rulemaking stages are:
 1. Prerule Stage--actions agencies will undertake to determine
whether or how to initiate rulemaking. Such actions occur prior to a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and may include Advance Notices of
Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs) and reviews of existing regulations.
 2. Proposed Rule Stage--actions for which agencies plan to publish
a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking as the next step in their rulemaking
process or for which the closing date of the NPRM Comment Period is the
next step.
 3. Final Rule Stage--actions for which agencies plan to publish a
final rule or an interim final rule or to take other final action as
the next step.
 4. Long-Term Actions--items under development but for which the
agency does not expect to have a regulatory action within the 12 months
after publication of this edition of the Unified Agenda. Some of the
entries in this section may contain abbreviated information.
 5. Completed Actions--actions or reviews the agency has completed
or withdrawn since publishing its last agenda. This section also
includes items the agency began and completed between issues of the
Agenda.
 Long-Term Actions are rulemakings reported during the publication
cycle that are outside of the required 12-month reporting period for
which the Agenda was intended. Completed Actions in the publication
cycle are rulemakings that are ending their lifecycle either by
Withdrawal or completion of the rulemaking process. Therefore, the
Long-Term and Completed RINs do not represent the

[[Page 76459]]

ongoing, forward-looking nature intended for reporting developing
rulemakings in the Agenda pursuant to Executive Order 12866, section
4(b) and 4(c). To further differentiate these two stages of rulemaking
in the Unified Agenda from active rulemakings, Long-Term and Completed
Actions are reported separately from active rulemakings, which can be
any of the first three stages of rulemaking listed above. A separate
search function is provided on http://reginfo.gov to search for
Completed and Long-Term Actions apart from each other and active RINs.
 A bullet () preceding the title of an entry indicates that
the entry is appearing in the Unified Agenda for the first time.
 In the printed edition, all entries are numbered sequentially from
the beginning to the end of the publication. The sequence number
preceding the title of each entry identifies the location of the entry
in this edition. The sequence number is used as the reference in the
printed table of contents. Sequence numbers are not used in the online
Unified Agenda because the unique Regulation Identifier Number (RIN) is
able to provide this cross-reference capability.
 Editions of the Unified Agenda prior to fall 2007 contained several
indexes, which identified entries with various characteristics. These
included regulatory actions for which agencies believe that the
Regulatory Flexibility Act may require a Regulatory Flexibility
Analysis, actions selected for periodic review under section 610(c) of
the Regulatory Flexibility Act, and actions that may have federalism
implications as defined in Executive Order 13132 or other effects on
levels of government. These indexes are no longer compiled, because
users of the online Unified Agenda have the flexibility to search for
entries with any combination of desired characteristics. The online
edition retains the Unified Agenda's subject index based on the Federal
Register Thesaurus of Indexing Terms. In addition, online users have
the option of searching Agenda text fields for words or phrases.

IV. What information appears for each entry?

All entries in the online Unified Agenda contain uniform data
elements including, at a minimum, the following information:
 Title of the Regulation--a brief description of the subject of the
regulation. In the printed edition, the notation ``Section 610 Review''
following the title indicates that the agency has selected the rule for
its periodic review of existing rules under the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 610(c)). Some agencies have indicated completions of
section 610 reviews or rulemaking actions resulting from completed
section 610 reviews. In the online edition, these notations appear in a
separate field.
 Priority--an indication of the significance of the regulation.
Agencies assign each entry to one of the following five categories of
significance.

(1) Economically Significant

As defined in Executive Order 12866, a rulemaking action that will
have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or will
adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or
communities. The definition of an ``economically significant'' rule is
similar but not identical to the definition of a ``major'' rule under 5
U.S.C. 801 (Pub. L. 104-121). (See below.)

(2) Other Significant

A rulemaking that is not Economically Significant but is considered
Significant by the agency. This category includes rules that the agency
anticipates will be reviewed under Executive Order 12866 or rules that
are a priority of the agency head. These rules may or may not be
included in the agency's regulatory plan.

(3) Substantive, Nonsignificant

A rulemaking that has substantive impacts but is neither
Significant, nor Routine and Frequent, nor Informational/
Administrative/Other.

(4) Routine and Frequent

A rulemaking that is a specific case of a multiple recurring
application of a regulatory program in the Code of Federal Regulations
and that does not alter the body of the regulation.

(5) Informational/Administrative/Other

A rulemaking that is primarily informational or pertains to agency
matters not central to accomplishing the agency's regulatory mandate
but that the agency places in the Unified Agenda to inform the public
of the activity.
 Major--whether the rule is ``major'' under 5 U.S.C. 801 (Pub. L.
104-121) because it has resulted or is likely to result in an annual
effect on the economy of $100 million or more or meets other criteria
specified in that Act. The Act provides that the Administrator of the
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs will make the final
determination as to whether a rule is major.
 Unfunded Mandates--whether the rule is covered by section 202 of
the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-4). The Act
requires that, before issuing an NPRM likely to result in a mandate
that may result in expenditures by State, local, and tribal
governments, in the aggregate, or by the private sector of more than
$100 million in 1 year, agencies, other than independent regulatory
agencies, shall prepare a written statement containing an assessment of
the anticipated costs and benefits of the Federal mandate.
 Legal Authority--the section(s) of the United States Code (U.S.C.)
or Public Law (Pub. L.) or the Executive order (E.O.) that authorize(s)
the regulatory action. Agencies may provide popular name references to
laws in addition to these citations.
 CFR Citation--the section(s) of the Code of Federal Regulations
that will be affected by the action.
 Legal Deadline--whether the action is subject to a statutory or
judicial deadline, the date of that deadline, and whether the deadline
pertains to an NPRM, a Final Action, or some other action.
 Abstract--a brief description of the problem the regulation will
address; the need for a Federal solution; to the extent available,
alternatives that the agency is considering to address the problem; and
potential costs and benefits of the action.
 Timetable--the dates and citations (if available) for all past
steps and a projected date for at least the next step for the
regulatory action. A date displayed in the form 12/00/14 means the
agency is predicting the month and year the action will take place but
not the day it will occur. In some instances, agencies may indicate
what the next action will be, but the date of that action is ``To Be
Determined.'' ``Next Action Undetermined'' indicates the agency does
not know what action it will take next.
 Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required--whether an analysis is
required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)
because the rulemaking action is likely to have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities as defined by the Act.
 Small Entities Affected--the types of small entities (businesses,
governmental jurisdictions, or organizations) on which the rulemaking
action is likely to have an impact as defined by the Regulatory
Flexibility Act. Some agencies have chosen to indicate likely effects
on small entities even though they believe

[[Page 76460]]

that a Regulatory Flexibility Analysis will not be required.
 Government Levels Affected--whether the action is expected to
affect levels of government and, if so, whether the governments are
State, local, tribal, or Federal.
 International Impacts--whether the regulation is expected to have
international trade and investment effects, or otherwise may be of
interest to the Nation's international trading partners.
 Federalism--whether the action has ``federalism implications'' as
defined in Executive Order 13132. This term refers to actions ``that
have substantial direct effects on the States, on the relationship
between the national government and the States, or on the distribution
of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government.''
Independent regulatory agencies are not required to supply this
information.
 Included in the Regulatory Plan--whether the rulemaking was
included in the agency's current regulatory plan published in fall
2014.
 Agency Contact--the name and phone number of at least one person in
the agency who is knowledgeable about the rulemaking action. The agency
may also provide the title, address, fax number, email address, and TDD
for each agency contact.
 Some agencies have provided the following optional information:
 RIN Information URL--the Internet address of a site that provides
more information about the entry.
 Public Comment URL--the Internet address of a site that will accept
public comments on the entry. Alternatively, timely public comments may
be submitted at the Governmentwide e-rulemaking site,
http://www.regulations.gov.
 Additional Information--any information an agency wishes to include
that does not have a specific corresponding data element.
 Compliance Cost to the Public--the estimated gross compliance cost
of the action.
 Affected Sectors--the industrial sectors that the action may most
affect, either directly or indirectly. Affected sectors are identified
by North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes.
 Energy Effects--an indication of whether the agency has prepared or
plans to prepare a Statement of Energy Effects for the action, as
required by Executive Order 13211 ``Actions Concerning Regulations That
Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use,'' signed May
18, 2001 (66 FR 28355).
 Related RINs--one or more past or current RIN(s) associated with
activity related to this action, such as merged RINs, split RINs, new
activity for previously completed RINs, or duplicate RINs.
 Statement of Need--a description of the need for the regulatory
action.
 Summary of the Legal Basis--a description of the legal basis for
the action, including whether any aspect of the action is required by
statute or court order.
 Alternatives--a description of the alternatives the agency has
considered or will consider as required by section 4(c)(1)(B) of
Executive Order 12866.
 Anticipated Costs and Benefits--a description of preliminary
estimates of the anticipated costs and benefits of the action.
 Risks--a description of the magnitude of the risk the action
addresses, the amount by which the agency expects the action to reduce
this risk, and the relation of the risk and this risk reduction effort
to other risks and risk reduction efforts within the agency's
jurisdiction.

V. Abbreviations

The following abbreviations appear throughout this publication:
 ANPRM--An Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is a preliminary
notice, published in the Federal Register, announcing that an agency is
considering a regulatory action. An agency may issue an ANPRM before it
develops a detailed proposed rule. An ANPRM describes the general area
that may be subject to regulation and usually asks for public comment
on the issues and options being discussed. An ANPRM is issued only when
an agency believes it needs to gather more information before
proceeding to a notice of proposed rulemaking.
 CFR--The Code of Federal Regulations is an annual codification of
the general and permanent regulations published in the Federal Register
by the agencies of the Federal Government. The Code is divided into 50
titles, each title covering a broad area subject to Federal regulation.
The CFR is keyed to and kept up to date by the daily issues of the
Federal Register.
 EO--An Executive order is a directive from the President to
Executive agencies, issued under constitutional or statutory authority.
Executive orders are published in the Federal Register and in title 3
of the Code of Federal Regulations.
 FR--The Federal Register is a daily Federal Government publication
that provides a uniform system for publishing Presidential documents,
all proposed and final regulations, notices of meetings, and other
official documents issued by Federal agencies.
 FY--The Federal fiscal year runs from October 1 to September 30.
 NPRM--A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is the document an agency
issues and publishes in the Federal Register that describes and
solicits public comments on a proposed regulatory action. Under the
Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553), an NPRM must include, at a
minimum:
 A statement of the time, place, and nature of the public
rulemaking proceeding;
 a reference to the legal authority under which the rule is
proposed; and
 either the terms or substance of the proposed rule or a
description of the subjects and issues involved.
 Public Law (or Pub. L.)--A public law is a law passed by Congress
and signed by the President or enacted over his veto. It has general
applicability, unlike a private law that applies only to those persons
or entities specifically designated. Public laws are numbered in
sequence throughout the 2-year life of each Congress; for example, Pub.
L. 112-4 is the fourth public law of the 112th Congress.
 RFA--A Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is a description and
analysis of the impact of a rule on small entities, including small
businesses, small governmental jurisdictions, and certain small not-
for-profit organizations. The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601
et seq.) requires each agency to prepare an initial RFA for public
comment when it is required to publish an NPRM and to make available a
final RFA when the final rule is published, unless the agency head
certifies that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.
 RIN--The Regulation Identifier Number is assigned by the Regulatory
Information Service Center to identify each regulatory action listed in
the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda, as directed by Executive
Order 12866 (section 4(b)). Additionally, OMB has asked agencies to
include RINs in the headings of their Rule and Proposed Rule documents
when publishing them in the Federal Register, to make it easier for the
public and agency officials to track the publication history of
regulatory actions throughout their development.
 Seq. No.--The sequence number identifies the location of an entry
in the printed edition of the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda.
Note that a specific regulatory action will have the

[[Page 76461]]

same RIN throughout its development but will generally have different
sequence numbers if it appears in different printed editions of the
Unified Agenda. Sequence numbers are not used in the online Unified
Agenda.
 U.S.C.--The United States Code is a consolidation and codification
of all general and permanent laws of the United States. The U.S.C. is
divided into 50 titles, each title covering a broad area of Federal
law.

VI. How can users get copies of the plan and the agenda?

Copies of the Federal Register issue containing the printed edition
of The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda (agency regulatory
flexibility agendas) are available from the Superintendent of
Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, P.O. Box 371954,
Pittsburgh, PA 15250-7954. Telephone: (202) 512-1800 or 1-866-512-1800
(toll-free).
 Copies of individual agency materials may be available directly
from the agency or may be found on the agency's Web site. Please
contact the particular agency for further information.
 All editions of The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions since fall 1995 are
available in electronic form at http://reginfo.gov, along with flexible
search tools.
 The Government Printing Office's GPO FDsys Web site contains copies
of the Agendas and Regulatory Plans that have been printed in the
Federal Register. These documents are available at http://www.fdsys.gov.

Dated: September 19, 2014.
 John C. Thomas,
Executive Director.

INTRODUCTION TO THE 2014 REGULATORY PLAN

Executive Order 12866, issued in 1993, requires the production of a
Unified Regulatory Agenda and Regulatory Plan. Executive Order 13563,
issued in 2011, reaffirmed the requirements of Executive Order 12866.
 Consistent with these Executive Orders, the Office of Information
and Regulatory Affairs is providing the 2014 Unified Regulatory Agenda
(Agenda) and the Regulatory Plan (Plan) for public review. The Agenda
and Plan are preliminary statements of regulatory and deregulatory
policies and priorities under consideration. The Agenda and Plan
include ``active rulemakings'' that agencies could possibly conclude
over the next year. As in previous years, however, this list may also
include some rules that agencies will not end up issuing in the coming
year.
 The Plan provides a list of important regulatory actions that
agencies are considering for issuance in proposed or final form during
the 2015 fiscal year. In contrast, the Agenda is a more inclusive list,
including numerous ministerial actions and routine rulemakings, as well
as long-term initiatives that agencies do not plan to complete in the
coming year but on which they are actively working.
 A central purpose of the Agenda is to involve the public, including
State, local, and tribal officials, in federal regulatory planning. The
public examination of the Agenda and Plan will facilitate public
participation in a regulatory system that, in the words of Executive
Order 13563, protects ``public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' We emphasize that rules listed on
the Agenda must still undergo significant development and review before
they are issued. No regulatory action can become effective until it has
gone through the legally required processes, which generally include
public notice and comment. Any proposed or final action must also
satisfy the requirements of relevant statutes, Executive Orders, and
Presidential Memoranda. Those requirements, public comments, and new
information may or may not lead an agency to go forward with an action
that is currently under contemplation.
 Among other information, the Agenda also provides an initial
classification of whether a rulemaking is ``significant'' or
``economically significant'' under the terms of Executive Orders 12866
and 13563. Whether a regulation is listed on the Agenda as
``economically significant'' within the meaning of Executive Order
12866 (generally, having an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more) does not necessarily indicate whether it imposes high
costs on the private sector. Economically significant actions may
impose small costs or even no costs.
 Regulations may count as economically significant because they
confer large benefits or remove significant burdens. For example, the
Department of Health and Human Services issues regulations on an annual
basis, pursuant to statute, to govern annual changes in Medicare
payments. These payment regulations effectively authorize transfers of
billions of dollars to hospitals and other health care providers each
year. Regulations might therefore count as economically significant not
because they impose significant regulatory costs on the private sector,
but because they involve transfer payments as required or authorized by
law.

EOs 13563 and 13610: The Retrospective Review of Regulation

Executive Order 13563 reaffirms the principles, structures, and
definitions in Executive Order 12866, which has long governed
regulatory review. Executive Order 13563 explicitly points to the need
for predictability and certainty, as well as for use of the least
burdensome means to achieving regulatory ends. These Executive Orders
include the requirement that, to the extent permitted by law, agencies
should not proceed with rulemaking in the absence of a reasoned
determination that the benefits justify the costs; they establish
public participation, integration and innovation, flexible approaches,
scientific integrity, and retrospective review as areas of emphasis in
regulation. In particular, Executive Order 13563 explicitly draws
attention to the need to measure and to improve ``the actual results of
regulatory requirements''--a clear reference to the importance of
retrospective evaluation.
 Executive Order 13563 addresses new regulations that are under
development as well as retrospective review of existing regulations
that are already in place. With respect to agencies' review of existing
regulations, the Executive Order calls for careful reassessment based
on empirical analysis. The prospective analysis required by Executive
Order 13563 may depend on a degree of prediction and speculation about
a rule's likely impacts, and the actual costs and benefits of a
regulation may be lower or higher than what was anticipated when the
rule was originally developed.
 Executive Order 13610, Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens,
issued in 2012, institutionalizes the retrospective or lookback
mechanism set out in Executive Order 13563 by requiring agencies to
report to OMB and the public twice each year (January and July) on the
status of their retrospective review efforts, to ``describe progress,
anticipated accomplishments, and proposed timelines for relevant
actions.''
 Executive Orders 13563 and 13610 recognize that circumstances may
change in a way that requires reconsideration of regulatory
requirements. Lookback analysis allows agencies to reevaluate existing
rules and to streamline, modify, or eliminate those regulations that do
not make sense in their current form. The agencies' lookback efforts so
far during this Administration have yielded nearly $20 billion in near
term savings for the

[[Page 76462]]

American public, with significantly more to come.
 The Administration is continuing to work with agencies to
institutionalize retrospective review so that agencies regularly review
existing rules on the books to ensure they remain effective, cost-
justified, and based on the best available science. By
institutionalizing retrospective review of regulations, the
Administration will continue to examine what is working and what is
not, and eliminate unjustified and outdated regulations.
 Regulatory lookback is an ongoing exercise, and continues to be a
high priority for the Administration. As part of that prioritization,
the Administration requires that agencies regularly report about recent
progress and coming initiatives. In accordance with Executive Order
13610 and Executive Order 13563, in July 2014, agencies submitted to
OIRA the latest updates of their retrospective review plans. Federal
agencies will again update their retrospective review plans this
winter. We have also asked agencies to continue to emphasize regulatory
lookbacks in their latest Regulatory Plans.
 Reflecting that focus, the current agenda lists 83 rules that are
characterized as retroactively reviewing existing programs. Below are
some examples of agency plans to reevaluate current practices, in
accordance with Executive Orders 13563 and 13610:

--The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is working on a
rule to revise the requirements that Long-Term Care facilities must
meet to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These
proposed changes are necessary to reflect the substantial advances that
have been made over the past several years in the theory and practice
of service delivery and safety. These proposals are also an integral
part of HHS's efforts to achieve broad-based improvements both in the
quality of health care furnished through Federal programs, and in
patient safety, while at the same time reducing procedural burdens on
providers.
--The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is working on a
final rule to streamline the inspection and home warranty requirements
for Federal Housing Administration (FHA) single family mortgage
insurance and, in doing so, would increase choice and lower the costs
for FHA borrowers. First, HUD would remove regulations that require the
use of an inspector from the FHA Inspector Roster as a condition for
FHA mortgage insurance. This change is based on the recognition of the
sufficiency and quality of inspections carried out by local
jurisdictions, and HUD expects the rule will increase competition and
choice of inspectors among lenders. Second, this rule would also remove
the regulations requiring homeowners to purchase 10-year protection
plans from FHA-approved warranty issuers in order to qualify for high
loan-to-value FHA-insured mortgages. This change is based on the
increased quality of construction materials and the standardization of
building codes and building code enforcement, and HUD expects the rule
will reduce burden on homeowners that do not want to purchase
warranties and increase choice for the homeowners that still want to
purchase warranties. In total, HUD estimates up to $29 million in
warranty expenditures avoided, $100,000 in paperwork burden savings for
the public, and $50,000 in administrative cost savings for HUD.
--The Department of Labor is working to revise existing Sex
Discrimination Guidelines, which have not been substantively updated
since 1973, and to replace them with regulations that align with
current law and legal principles in order to address their application
to current workplace practices and issues.

E.O. 13609: International Regulatory Cooperation

In addition to using regulatory lookback as a tool to make our
regulatory system more efficient, the Administration has been focused
on promoting international regulatory cooperation. International
regulatory cooperation supports economic growth, job creation,
innovation, trade and investment, while also protecting public health,
safety, and welfare. In May 2012 President Obama issued Executive Order
13609, Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation, which emphasizes
the importance of these efforts as a key tool for eliminating
unnecessary differences in regulation between the United States and its
major trading partners. Additionally, as part of the regulatory
lookback initiative, Executive Order 13609 requires agencies to
``consider reforms to existing significant regulations that address
unnecessary differences in regulatory requirements between the United
States and its major trading partners . . . when stakeholders provide
adequate information to the agency establishing that the differences
are unnecessary.''
 Executive Order 13609 also directed agencies to submit a Regulatory
Plan that includes ``a summary of its international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations, with an explanation of how these activities
advance the purposes of Executive Order 13563,'' and Executive Order
13609. Further, Executive Order 13609 requires agencies to ``ensure
that significant regulations that the agency identifies as having
significant international impacts are designated as such'' in the
Regulatory Agenda. In furtherance of this focus on international
regulatory cooperation, this summer, the Administration and Canada
released the U.S.-Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) Joint
Forward Plan.\1\ The Forward Plan represents a significant pivot point
for the Administration's regulatory cooperation relationships with
Canada, and outlines new Federal agency-level partnership arrangements
to help institutionalize the way our regulators work together. The
Forward Plan will help remove duplicative requirements, develop common
standards, and identify potential areas where future regulation may
unnecessarily differ. This kind of international cooperation on
regulations between the United States and Canada will help eliminate
barriers to doing business in the United States or with U.S. companies,
grow the economy, and create jobs. The Forward Plan identifies 24 areas
of cooperation where the United States and Canada will work together to
implement over the next three to five years in order to modernize our
thinking around international regulatory cooperation and develop a
toolbox of strategies to address international regulatory issues as
they arise. We expect that future Agendas will reflect strong evidence
of this partnership.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Available at:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/oira/irc/us-canada-rcc-joint-f
orward-plan.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Administration continues to foster a regulatory system that
emphasizes that careful consideration of costs and benefits, public
participation, integration and innovation, flexible approaches, and
science. These requirements are meant to produce a regulatory system
that draws on recent learning, that is driven by evidence, and that is
suited to the distinctive circumstances of the twenty-first century.

[[Page 76463]]

Department of Agriculture
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
1............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD08 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Origin of Livestock, NOP-
 11-0009.
2............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Organic Pet Food
 Standards.
3............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD31 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Organic Apiculture
 Practice Standard, NOP-
 12-0063.
4............................. National Organic 0581-AD34 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Program_Organic
 Aquaculture Standards.
5............................. Exemption of Producers 0581-AD37 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Handlers of Organic
 Products From Assessment
 Under a Commodity
 Promotion Law.
6............................. Noninsured Crop Disaster 0560-AI20 Final Rule
Stage.
 Assistance Program.
7............................. Conservation Compliance.. 0560-AI26 Final Rule
Stage.
8............................. Conservation Reserve 0560-AI30 Final Rule Stage.
 Program (CRP).
9............................. Brucellosis and Bovine 0579-AD65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Tuberculosis; Update of
 General Provisions.
10............................ Establishing a 0579-AD71 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Performance Standard for
 Authorizing the
 Importation and
 Interstate Movement of
 Fruits and Vegetables.
11............................ Viruses, Serums, Toxins, 0579-AD64 Final Rule
Stage.
 and Analogous Products;
 Single Label Claim for
 Veterinary Biological
 Products.
12............................ User Fees for 0579-AD77 Final Rule Stage.
 Agricultural Quarantine
 and Inspection Services.
13............................ Emergency Supplemental 0584-AE00 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Nutrition Assistance for
 Victims of Disasters
 Procedures.
14............................ Child Nutrition Program 0584-AE08 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Integrity.
15............................ Child and Adult Care Food 0584-AE18 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Program: Meal Pattern
 Revisions Related to the
 Healthy, Hunger-Free
 Kids Act of 2010.
16............................ Enhancing Retailer 0584-AE27 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Eligibility Standards in
 SNAP.
17............................ Supplemental Nutrition 0584-AD88 Final Rule
Stage.
 Assistance Program: Farm
 Bill of 2008 Retailer
 Sanctions.
18............................ Child Nutrition Programs: 0584-AE25 Final Rule
Stage.
 Local School Wellness
 Policy Implementation
 Under the Healthy,
 Hunger-Free Kids Act of
 2010.
19............................ SNAP: Employment and 0584-AE33 Final Rule Stage.
 Training (E&T)
 Performance Measurement,
 Monitoring and Reporting
 Requirements.
20............................ Requirements for the 0583-AD54 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Disposition of Non-
 Ambulatory Disabled Veal
 Calves.
21............................ Mandatory Inspection of 0583-AD36 Final Rule
Stage.
 Fish of the order
 Siluriformes and
 Products Derived From
 Such Fish.
22............................ Electronic Export 0583-AD41 Final Rule Stage.
 Application and
 Certification as a
 Reimbursable Service and
 Flexibility in the
 Requirements for
 Official Export
 Inspection Marks,
 Devices, and
 Certificates.
23............................ Descriptive Designation 0583-AD45 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Needle- or Blade-
 Tenderized (Mechanically
 Tenderized) Beef
 Products.
24............................ Records to be Kept by 0583-AD46 Final Rule Stage.

 Official Establishments
 and Retail Stores That
 Grind Raw Beef Products.
25............................ Forest Service Manual 0596-AC82 Final Rule Stage.

 2020_Ecological
 Restoration and
 Resilience Policy.
26............................ Land Management Planning 0596-AD06 Final Rule
Stage.
 Rule Policy.
27............................ Rural Energy for America 0570-AA76 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program.
28............................ Business and Industry 0570-AA85 Final Rule Stage.

 (B&I) Guaranteed Loan
 Program.
29............................ Biorefinery, Renewable 0570-AA93 Final Rule
Stage.
 Chemical, and Biobased
 Product Manufacturing
 Assistance Program.
30............................ Agricultural Conservation 0578-AA61 Final Rule
Stage.
 Easement Program.
31............................ Environmental Quality 0578-AA62 Final Rule Stage.

 Incentives Program
 (EQIP) Interim Rule.
32............................ Conservation Stewardship 0578-AA63 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program Interim Rule.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Commerce
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
33............................ Requirements for 0648-AY15 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Importation of Fish and
 Fish Product under the
 U.S. Marine Mammal
 Protection Act.
34............................ Designation of Critical 0648-AY54 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Habitat for the North
 Atlantic Right Whale.
35............................ Revision of Hawaiian Monk 0648-BA81 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Seal Critical Habitat.
36............................ Revision of the National 0648-BB92 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Standard 1 Guidelines.
37............................ Fishery Management Plan 0648-AS65 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Regulating Offshore
 Marine Aquaculture in
 the Gulf of Mexico.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Defense
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
38............................ Limitations on Terms of 0790-AJ10 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Consumer Credit Extended
 to Service Members and
 Dependents.
39............................ Defense Industrial Base 0790-AJ14 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (DIB) Cyber Security/
 Information Assurance
 (CS/IA) Activities:
 Amendment.
40............................ Service Academies........ 0790-AI19 Final Rule
Stage.

[[Page 76464]]


41............................ Foreign Commercial 0750-AI32 Final Rule Stage.
 Satellite Services
 (DFARS Case 2014-D010).
42............................ CHAMPUS/TRICARE: Pilot 0720-AB60 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program for Refills of
 Maintenance Medications
 for TRICARE For Life
 Beneficiaries Through
 the TRICARE Mail Order
 Program.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Education
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
43............................ Pay As You Earn.......... 1840-AD18 Proposed Rule
Stage.
44............................ Workforce Innovation and 1830-AA21 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Opportunity Act.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Energy
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
45............................ Energy Conservation 1904-AD09 Prerule Stage.
 Standards for General
 Service Lamps.
46............................ Energy Efficiency 1904-AC11 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Standards for
 Manufactured Housing.
47............................ Energy Conservation 1904-AD20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Standards for
 Residential Non-
 weatherized Gas Furnaces.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Health and Human Services
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
48............................ Current Good 0910-AG10 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Manufacturing Practice
 and Hazard Analysis and
 Risk-Based Preventive
 Controls for Food for
 Animals.
49............................ Standards for the 0910-AG35 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Growing, Harvesting,
 Packing, and Holding of
 Produce for Human
 Consumption.
50............................ Current Good 0910-AG36 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Manufacturing and Hazard
 Analysis, and Risk-Based
 Preventive Controls for
 Human Food.
51............................ Reports of Distribution 0910-AG45 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Sales Information
 for Antimicrobial Active
 Ingredients Used in Food-
 Producing Animals.
52............................ Foreign Supplier 0910-AG64 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Verification Program.
53............................ ``Tobacco Products'' 0910-AG38 Final Rule Stage.
 Subject to the Federal
 Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
 Act, as Amended by the
 Family Smoking
 Prevention and Tobacco
 Control Act.
54............................ Food Labeling: Calorie 0910-AG56 Final Rule
Stage.
 Labeling of Articles of
 Food Sold in Vending
 Machines.
55............................ Food Labeling: Nutrition 0910-AG57 Final Rule
Stage.
 Labeling of Standard
 Menu Items in
 Restaurants and Similar
 Retail Food
 Establishments.
56............................ Accreditation of Third- 0910-AG66 Final Rule
Stage.
 Party Auditors/
 Certification Bodies to
 Conduct Food Safety
 Audits and to Issue
 Certifications.
57............................ Revision of Postmarketing 0910-AG88 Final Rule
Stage.
 Reporting Requirements
 Discontinuance or
 Interruption in Supply
 of Certain Products
 (Drug Shortages).
58............................ Supplemental Applications 0910-AG94 Final Rule
Stage.
 Proposing Labeling
 Changes for Approved
 Drugs and Biological
 Products.
59............................ Veterinary Feed Directive 0910-AG95 Final Rule
Stage.
60............................ Reform of Requirements 0938-AR61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Long-Term Care
 Facilities (CMS-3260-P).
61............................ Mental Health Parity and 0938-AS24 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Addiction Equity Act of
 2008; the Application to
 Medicaid Managed Care,
 CHIP, and Alternative
 Benefit Plans (CMS-2333-
 P).
62............................ Electronic Health Record 0938-AS26 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (EHR) Incentive
 Programs_Stage 3 (CMS-
 3310-P).
63............................ CY 2016 Revisions to 0938-AS40 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Payment Policies under
 the Physician Fee
 Schedule and Other
 Revisions to Medicare
 Part B (CMS-1631-P).
64............................ Hospital Inpatient 0938-AS41 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Prospective Payment
 System for Acute Care
 Hospitals and the Long-
 Term Care Hospital
 Prospective Payment
 System and FY 2016 Rates
 (CMS-1632-P).
65............................ CY 2016 Hospital 0938-AS42 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Outpatient PPS Policy
 Changes and Payment
 Rates and Ambulatory
 Surgical Center Payment
 System Policy Changes
 and Payment Rates (CMS-
 1633-P).
66............................ Eligibility Notices, Fair 0938-AS27 Final Rule
Stage.
 Hearing and Appeal
 Processes for Medicaid
 and Exchange Eligibility
 Appeals, and Other
 Eligibility and
 Enrollment Provisions
 (CMS-2334-F2).
67............................ Child Care and 0970-AC53 Final Rule Stage.
 Development Fund Reforms
 to Support Child
 Development and Working
 Families.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


[[Page 76465]]


 Department of Homeland Security
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
68............................ Ammonium Nitrate Security 1601-AA52 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program.
69............................ Asylum and Withholding 1615-AA41 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Definitions.
70............................ New Classification for 1615-AA67 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Victims of Criminal
 Activity; Eligibility
 for the U Nonimmigrant
 Status.
71............................ Exception to the 1615-AB89 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Persecution Bar for
 Asylum, Refugee, and
 Temporary Protected
 Status, and Withholding
 of Removal.
72............................ Administrative Appeals 1615-AB98 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Office: Procedural
 Reforms to Improve
 Efficiency.
73............................ Classification for 1615-AA59 Final Rule Stage.
 Victims of Severe Forms
 of Trafficking in
 Persons; Eligibility for
 T Nonimmigrant Status.
74............................ Application of 1615-AB77 Final Rule Stage.
 Immigration Regulations
 to the Commonwealth of
 the Northern Mariana
 Islands.
75............................ Special Immigrant 1615-AB81 Final Rule Stage.
 Juvenile Petitions.
76............................ Employment Authorization 1615-AB92 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Certain H-4
 Dependent Spouses.
77............................ Enhancing Opportunities 1615-AC00 Final Rule
Stage.
 for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-3
 Nonimmigrants and EB-1
 Immigrants.
78............................ Vessel Requirements for 1625-AA99 Final Rule
Stage.
 Notices of Arrival and
 Departure, and Automatic
 Identification System.
79............................ Inspection of Towing 1625-AB06 Final Rule Stage.
 Vessels.
80............................ Transportation Worker 1625-AB21 Final Rule Stage.

 Identification
 Credential (TWIC); Card
 Reader Requirements.
81............................ Amendments to Importer 1651-AA98 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Security Filing and
 Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
82............................ Air Cargo Advance 1651-AB04 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Screening (ACAS).
83............................ Changes to the Visa 1651-AA72 Final Rule Stage.
 Waiver Program To
 Implement the Electronic
 System for Travel
 Authorization (ESTA)
 Program.
84............................ Implementation of the 1651-AA77 Final Rule Stage.

 Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver
 Program.
85............................ Definition of Form I-94 1651-AA96 Final Rule
Stage.
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
86............................ Security Training for 1652-AA55 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Surface Mode Employees.
87............................ Standardized Vetting, 1652-AA61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Adjudication, and
 Redress Services.
88............................ Passenger Screening Using 1652-AA67 Final Rule
Stage.
 Advanced Imaging
 Technology.
89............................ Adjustments to 1653-AA63 Final Rule Stage.
 Limitations on
 Designated School
 Official Assignment and
 Study By F-2 and M-2
 Nonimmigrants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Housing and Urban Development
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
90............................ Economic Opportunities 2529-AA91 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Low- and Very Low-
 Income Persons (FR-4893).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Justice
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
91............................ Implementation of the ADA 1190-AA60 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Amendments Act of 2008
 (Section 504 of the
 Rehabilitation Act of
 1973).
92............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability;
 Accessibility of Web
 Information and Services
 of Public Accommodations.
93............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA63 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability;
 Movie Captioning and
 Audio Description.
94............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability:
 Accessibility of Web
 Information and Services
 of State and Local
 Governments.
95............................ Implementation of the ADA 1190-AA59 Final Rule
Stage.
 Amendments Act of 2008
 (Title II and Title III
 of the ADA).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Labor
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
96............................ Workforce Innovation and 1205-AB73 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Opportunity Act.
97............................ Respirable Crystalline 1219-AB36 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Silica.
98............................ Criteria and Procedures 1219-AB72 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Proposed Assessment
 of Civil Penalties.
99............................ Proximity Detection 1219-AB78 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Systems for Mobile
 Machines in Underground
 Mines.
100........................... Proximity Detection 1219-AB65 Final Rule Stage.
 Systems for Continuous
 Mining Machines in
 Underground Coal Mines.
101........................... Infectious Diseases...... 1218-AC46 Prerule
Stage.
102........................... Occupational Exposure to 1218-AB70 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Crystalline Silica.

[[Page 76466]]


103........................... Improve Tracking of 1218-AC49 Final Rule Stage.
 Workplace Injuries and
 Illnesses.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Transportation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
104........................... Operation and 2120-AJ60 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Certification of Small
 Unmanned Aircraft
 Systems (sUAS).
105........................... Slot Management and 2120-AJ89 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Transparency for
 LaGuardia Airport, John
 F. Kennedy International
 Airport, and Newark
 Liberty International
 Airport.
106........................... Drug and Alcohol Testing 2120-AK09 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of Certain Maintenance
 Provider Employees
 Located Outside of the
 United States.
107........................... Pilot Records Database 2120-AK31 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (HR 5900).
108........................... Safety Management Systems 2120-AJ86 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Certificate Holders.
109........................... National Goals and 2125-AF53 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Performance Management
 Measures (MAP-21).
110........................... National Goals and 2125-AF54 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Performance Management
 Measures (MAP-21).
111........................... Carrier Safety Fitness 2126-AB11 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Determination.
112........................... Electronic Logging 2126-AB20 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Devices and Hours of
 Service Supporting
 Documents (MAP-21).
113........................... Commercial Driver's 2126-AB18 Final Rule Stage.
 License Drug and Alcohol
 Clearinghouse (MAP-21).
114........................... Fuel Efficiency Standards 2127-AL52 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Medium- and Heavy-
 Duty Vehicles and Work
 Trucks: Phase 2.
115........................... Sound for Hybrid and 2127-AK93 Final Rule Stage.
 Electric Vehicles.
116........................... Electronic Stability 2127-AK97 Final Rule Stage.
 Control Systems for
 Heavy Vehicles (MAP-21).
117........................... State Safety Oversight 2132-AB19 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (MAP-21).
118........................... Pipeline Safety: Safety 2137-AE66 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of On-Shore Liquid
 Hazardous Pipelines.
119........................... Pipeline Safety: Gas 2137-AE72 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Transmission (RRR).
120........................... Hazardous Materials: 2137-AE91 Final Rule Stage.
 Enhanced Tank Car
 Standards and
 Operational Controls for
 High-Hazard Flammable
 Trains.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Veterans Affairs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
121........................... Expedited Senior 2900-AP30 Final Rule Stage.
 Executive Removal
 Authority.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Environmental Protection Agency
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
122........................... Review of the National 2060-AP38 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Ambient Air Quality
 Standards for Ozone.
123........................... Review of the National 2060-AQ44 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Ambient Air Quality
 Standards for Lead.
124........................... Carbon Pollution Emission 2060-AR33 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Guidelines for Existing
 Stationary Sources: EGUs
 in Indian Country and
 U.S. Territories.
125........................... Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2060-AS16 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Fuel Efficiency
 Standards for Medium-
 and Heavy-Duty Engines
 and Vehicles_Phase 2.
126........................... Renewable Fuel 2015 2060-AS22 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Volume Standards.
127........................... Pesticides; Certification 2070-AJ20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of Pesticide Applicators.
128........................... Polychlorinated Biphenyls 2070-AJ38 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (PCBs); Reassessment of
 Use Authorizations.
129........................... Lead; Renovation, Repair, 2070-AJ56 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Painting Program for
 Public and Commercial
 Buildings.
130........................... Revisions to the National 2050-AE87 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Oil and Hazardous
 Substances Pollution
 Contingency Plan;
 Subpart J Product
 Schedule Listing
 Requirements.
131........................... User Fee Schedule for 2050-AG80 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Electronic Hazardous
 Waste Manifest.
132........................... Modernization of the 2050-AG82 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Accidental Release
 Prevention Regulations
 Under Clean Air Act.
133........................... Petroleum Refinery Sector 2060-AQ75 Final Rule
Stage.
 Risk and Technology
 Review and New Source
 Performance Standards.
134........................... Standards of Performance 2060-AQ91 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Greenhouse Gas
 Emissions From New
 Stationary Sources:
 Electric Utility
 Generating Units.
135........................... Implementation of the 2060-AR34 Final Rule Stage.

 2008 National Ambient
 Air Quality Standards
 for Ozone: State
 Implementation Plan
 Requirements.
136........................... Carbon Pollution 2060-AR88 Final Rule Stage.
 Standards for Modified
 and Reconstructed
 Stationary Sources:
 Electric Utility
 Generating Units.
137........................... Pesticides; Agricultural 2070-AJ22 Final Rule
Stage.
 Worker Protection
 Standard Revisions.
138........................... Formaldehyde; Third-Party 2070-AJ44 Final Rule
Stage.
 Certification Framework
 for the Formaldehyde
 Standards for Composite
 Wood Products.

[[Page 76467]]


139........................... Formaldehyde Emissions 2070-AJ92 Final Rule
Stage.
 Standards for Composite
 Wood Products.
140........................... Standards for the 2050-AE81 Final Rule Stage.
 Management of Coal
 Combustion Residuals
 Generated by Commercial
 Electric Power Producers.
141........................... Revising Underground 2050-AG46 Final Rule Stage.
 Storage Tank
 Regulations_Revisions to
 Existing Requirements
 and New Requirements for
 Secondary Containment
 and Operator Training.
142........................... Effluent Limitations 2040-AF14 Final Rule Stage.
 Guidelines and Standards
 for the Steam Electric
 Power Generating Point
 Source Category.
143........................... Water Quality Standards 2040-AF16 Final Rule
Stage.
 Regulatory Revisions.
144........................... Definition of ``Waters of 2040-AF30 Final Rule
Stage.
 the United States''
 Under the Clean Water
 Act.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
145........................... Federal Sector Equal 3046-AB00 Prerule Stage.
 Employment Opportunity
 Process.
146........................... The Federal Sector's 3046-AA94 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Obligation To Be a Model
 Employer of Individuals
 With Disabilities.
147........................... Amendments to Regulations 3046-AB01 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Under the Americans With
 Disabilities Act.
148........................... Amendments to Regulations 3046-AB02 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Under the Genetic
 Information
 Nondiscrimination Act of
 2008.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Social Security Administration
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
149........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Digestive
 Disorders (3441P).
150........................... Revisions to 0960-AH63 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Representative Code of
 Conduct (3835P).
151........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AF35 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating
 Neurological Impairments
 (806F).
152........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AF88 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating
 Hematological Disorders
 (974F).
153........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG28 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Growth
 Disorders and Weight
 Loss in Children (3163F).
154........................... Use of Date of Written 0960-AG58 Final Rule
Stage.
 Statement as Filing Date
 (3431F).
155........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG71 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Immune
 (HIV) System Disorders
 (3466F).
156........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AH43 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Cancer
 (Malignant Neoplastic
 Diseases) (3757F).
157........................... Submission of Evidence in 0960-AH53 Final Rule
Stage.
 Disability Claims
 (3802F).
158........................... Social Security Number 0960-AH68 Final Rule
Stage.
 Card Applications
 (3855I).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Nuclear Regulatory Commission
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
159........................... Revision of Fee 3150-AJ44 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Schedules: Fee Recovery
 for FY 2015 [NRC-2014-
 0200].
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

BILLING CODE 6820-27-P

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (USDA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

In FY 2015, USDA will focus on a number of high-priority
regulations necessary to implement the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill). This legislation, which was signed into law on February 7, 2014,
provides authorization for services and programs that impact every
American and millions of people around the world. The new Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for the taxpayer. The new Farm Bill will allow USDA to continue
record accomplishments on behalf of the American people, while
providing new opportunity and creating jobs across rural America. It
will enable USDA to further expand markets for agricultural products at
home and abroad, strengthen conservation efforts, create new
opportunities for local and regional food systems and grow the biobased
economy. It will provide a dependable safety net for America's farmers,
ranchers and growers. It will maintain important agricultural research
and ensure access to safe and nutritious food for all Americans. USDA's
regulatory efforts in the coming year will modify existing regulations
and introduce new regulatory actions necessary to implement the 2014
Farm Bill and to achieve the following goals identified in the
Department's Strategic Plan for 2010-2015:
 Assist rural communities to create prosperity so they are
self-sustaining, re-populating, and economically thriving. USDA is the
leading advocate for rural America. The Department supports rural
communities and enhances quality of life for rural residents by
improving

[[Page 76468]]

their economic opportunities, community infrastructure, environmental
health, and the sustainability of agricultural production. The common
goal is to help create thriving rural communities with good jobs where
people want to live and raise families where children have economic
opportunities and a bright future.
 Ensure our national forests and private working lands are
conserved, restored, and made more resilient to climate change, while
enhancing our water resources. America's prosperity is inextricably
linked to the health of our lands and natural resources. Forests,
farms, ranches, and grasslands offer enormous environmental benefits as
a source of clean air, clean and abundant water, and wildlife habitat.
These lands generate economic value by supporting the vital agriculture
and forestry sectors, attracting tourism and recreational visitors,
sustaining green jobs, and producing ecosystem services, food, fiber,
timber and non-timber products. They are also of immense social
importance, enhancing rural quality of life, sustaining scenic and
culturally important landscapes, and providing opportunities to engage
in outdoor activity and reconnect with the land.
 Help America promote agricultural production and
biotechnology exports as America works to increase food security. A
productive agricultural sector is critical to increasing global food
security. For many crops, a substantial portion of domestic production
is bound for overseas markets. USDA helps American farmers and ranchers
use efficient and sustainable production, biotechnology, and other
emergent technologies to enhance food security around the world and
find export markets for their products.
 Ensure that all of America's children have access to safe,
nutritious, and balanced meals. A plentiful supply of safe and
nutritious food is essential to the well-being of every family and the
healthy development of every child in America. USDA provides nutrition
assistance to children and low-income people who need it and works to
improve the healthy eating habits of all Americans, especially
children. In addition, the Department safeguards the quality and
wholesomeness of meat, poultry, and processed egg products, and it
addresses and prevents loss or damage from pests and disease outbreaks.
 Important regulatory activities supporting the accomplishment of
these goals in 2015 will include the following:
 Strengthening Food Safety Inspection. USDA will continue
to develop science-based regulations that improve the safety of meat,
poultry, and processed egg products in the least burdensome and most
cost-effective manner. Existing regulations will be revised to address
emerging food safety challenges, streamlined to remove excessively
prescriptive requirements, and updated to be made consistent with
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point principles. Among other
actions, USDA will amend regulations so that information presented on
food packaging is useful in assisting consumers with purchasing and
preparation decisions. The agency will also use technology to
streamline and improve the integrity of export certificates. To help
small businesses comply with food safety regulatory requirements, FSIS
will continue its collaboration with other USDA and State partners in
its small business outreach program.
 Improving Access to Nutrition Assistance and Dietary Behaviors. As
changes are made to the nutrition assistance programs, USDA will work
to ensure access to program benefits, strengthen program integrity,
improve diets and healthy eating, and promote physical activity
consistent with the national effort to reduce obesity. In support of
these activities in 2014, the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) plans to
publish a proposed rule updating meal pattern revisions for the Child
and Adult Care Food Program, as well as a proposal to enhance the
eligibility standards for SNAP retailers to increase access to more
healthful foods. FNS will continue to work to implement rules that
minimize participant and vendor fraud in its nutrition assistance
programs.
 Collaborating with Producers to Conserve Natural
Resources. The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is
amending the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) and Environmental
Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) regulations to incorporate
programmatic changes as authorized by the Farm Bill. CSP promotes
consultation at the local level to identify priority resource concerns
in geographic areas within a State. CSP encourages producers to address
environmental concerns while improving and conserving the quality and
condition of natural resources in a comprehensive manner. EQIP provides
assistance to landowners to address natural resource issues that impact
soil, water and related natural resources, including grazing lands,
wetlands, and wildlife habitat. The Farm Bill folded the former
Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP) into EQIP.
 Promoting Innovation through Partnerships. NRCS has a long
history of providing science-based, technically sound, and proven
conservation practices, advice, and alternatives to America's farmers
and ranchers. Traditionally, NRCS has worked with USDA agencies,
universities, and other nongovernmental organizations to identify and
refine new cutting-edge technology through on-farm trials and research.
Using this approach, NRCS continually reviews and revises conservation
practices based on new research or changes in technology.
 Through the Conservation Innovation Grants (CIG) component of EQIP,
NRCS involves additional partners in identifying and demonstrating new
approaches for possible NRCS adoption. CIG's purpose is to stimulate
the adoption of innovative conservation approaches and technologies in
agricultural production and leverage additional investments in
conservation. Partners assist NRCS with meeting the CIG goals of
identifying new conservation technologies and practices, conducting
demonstrations and field tests, and integrating widely applicable
technologies and practices into NRCS' toolkit of practices and
activities to help agricultural producers better address natural
resource concerns. NRCS is updating the CIG section of the EQIP
regulation to be consistent with Farm Bill amendments.
 Protecting Productive Agricultural Lands and Wetlands. The
Farm Bill combined several NRCS easement programs, including the
Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection
Program (FRPP), and the Grassland Reserve Program (GRP) into the new
Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP). ACEP will require
its own regulation to replace those of the repealed WRP, FRPP, and GRP
programs. ACEP will have two components: an agricultural land easement
component under which NRCS assists eligible entities to protect
agricultural land by limiting non-agricultural land uses and a wetland
reserve easement component under which NRCS provides technical and
financial assistance directly to landowners to restore, protect and
enhance wetlands through the purchase of wetlands reserve easements.
NRCS will maintain the existing easements and contracts formed under
the previous programs; however, they will all be considered part of
ACEP enrollment.
 Addressing Conservation Concerns on a Regional Level. The
Farm Bill established the Regional Conservation

[[Page 76469]]

Partnership Program (RCPP) to promote the implementation of
conservation activities through providing support for agreements
between producers and partner groups. Producers receive technical and
financial assistance through RCPP while NRCS and its partners help
producers install and maintain conservation activities. These projects
may focus on water quality and quantity, soil erosion, wildlife
habitat, drought mitigation, flood control, and other regional
priorities. Partners include producer associations, State or local
governments, Indian tribes, non-governmental organizations, and
institutions of higher education. RCPP projects affect multiple
agricultural or nonindustrial private forest operations on a local,
regional, State, or multistate level. The Farm Bill combined several
regional conservation initiatives into this program. RCPP is
implemented through an announcement of program funding through
Grants.gov; however, NRCS is publishing updates in the CSP, EQIP and
ACEP regulations to indicate that these are covered programs through
which RCPP can operate.
 Establish Framework for Managing our Nation's Forests and
Grasslands. The Forest Service will publish proposed guidance for
implementation of the 2012 Land Management Planning Rule. This guidance
will provide the detailed monitoring, assessment, and documentation
requirements that the managers of our national forests and grasslands
require to begin revising their land management plans under the 2012
Planning Rule. Currently 70 of the 120 Forest Service's Land Management
Plans are expired and in need of revision.
 Making Marketing and Regulatory Programs More Focused. The
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) plans to amend its
veterinary biologics regulations to provide for the use of a simpler,
uniform label format to better meet the needs of veterinary biologics
consumers. APHIS also plans to revise tuberculosis and brucellosis
regulations to better reflect the distribution of these diseases and
thereby minimize the impacts on livestock producers while continuing to
address these livestock diseases. In the area of plant health, APHIS
proposes to expand the streamlined method of considering the
importation and interstate movement of fruits and vegetables. The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) will support the organic sector by
updating the National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances as
advised by the National Organic Standards Board, streamlining organic
regulatory enforcement actions, developing organic pet food standards,
and proposing that all existing and replacement dairy animals from
which milk or milk products are intended to be sold as organic must be
managed organically from the last third of gestation.
 Promoting Biobased Products. USDA will continue to promote
sustainable economic opportunities to create jobs in rural communities
through the purchase and use of biobased products through the
BioPreferred[supreg] program. USDA will finalize regulations to revise
the BioPreferred[supreg] program guidelines to continue adding
designated product categories to the preferred procurement program,
including intermediates and feedstocks and finished products made of
intermediates and feedstocks. The Federal preferred procurement and the
certified label parts of the program are voluntary; both are designed
to assist biobased businesses in securing additional sales.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
initiatives are identified in the Department's Final Plan for
Retrospective Analysis. The final agency plans, as well as periodic
status updates for each initiative, are available online at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/21stcenturygov/actions/21st-century-regulatory-system.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly
 RIN Title reduce burdens on
 small businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
0583-AC59................ Prior Labeling Approval Yes.
 System: Generic Label
 Approval.
0583-AD41................ Electronic Export Yes.
 Application and
 Certification Fee.
0583-AD32................ Modernization of Poultry Yes.
 Slaughter Inspection.
0570-AA76................ Rural Energy America Yes.
 Program.
0570-AA85................ Business and Industry Yes.
 Loan Guaranteed Program.
0575-AC91................ Community Facilities Yes.
 Loan and Grants.
0596-AD01................ National Environmental Yes.
 Policy Act (NEPA)
 Efficiencies.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subsequent to EO 13563 and consistent with its goals as well as the
importance of public participation, President Obama issued Executive
Order 13610 on Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens in May 2012.
Executive Order 13610 directs agencies, in part, to give priority
consideration to those initiatives that will produce cost savings or
significant reductions in paperwork burdens. Accordingly, reducing the
regulatory burden on the American people and our trading partners is a
priority for USDA, and we will continually work to improve the
effectiveness of our existing regulations. As a result of our ongoing
regulatory review and burden reduction efforts, USDA has identified the
following burden-reducing initiatives:
 Increase Use of Generic Approval and Regulations
Consolidation. FSIS is finalizing a rule that will expand the
circumstances in which the labels of meat and poultry products will be
deemed to be generically approved by FSIS. The rule will reduce
regulatory burdens and generate a discounted Agency cost savings of
$3.3 million over 10 years (discounted at 7 percent).
 Implement Electronic Export Application for Meat and
Poultry Products. FSIS is finalizing a rule to provide exporters a fee-
based option for transmitting U.S. certifications to foreign importers
and governments electronically. Automating the export application and
certification process will facilitate the export of U.S. meat, poultry,
and egg products by streamlining the processes that are used while
ensuring that foreign regulatory requirements are met.
 Streamline Forest Service National Environmental Policy
Act (NEPA) Compliance. The Forest Service, in cooperation with the
Council on Environmental Quality, is promulgating rulemaking to
establish three new Categorical Exclusions for simple restoration
activities. These Categorical Exclusions will improve and streamline
the NEPA process and reduce the paperwork burden, as it applies to
Forest Service projects without reducing environmental protection.

[[Page 76470]]

Increase Accessibility to the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP). Under REAP, Rural Development provides guaranteed loans
and grants to support the purchase, construction, or retrofitting of a
renewable energy system. This rulemaking will streamline the
application process for grants, lessening the burden on the applicant.
The rulemaking is expected to reduce the information collection.
 Reduced Duplication in Farm Programs. The Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services (FFAS) mission area is reducing the paperwork
burden on program participants by consolidating the information
collections required to participate in farm programs administered by
the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and the Federal crop insurance program
administered by the Risk Management Agency (RMA). As a result,
producers will be able to spend less time reporting information to
USDA. Additionally, FSA and RMA will be better able to share
information, thus improving operational efficiency. FFAS is simplifying
and standardizing, to the extent practical, acreage reporting
processes, program dates, and data definitions across the various USDA
programs and agencies. FFAS is making improvements to allow producers
to use information from their farm-management and precision agriculture
systems for reporting production, planted and harvested acreage, and
other key information needed to participate in USDA programs. FFAS is
also streamlining the collection of producer information by FSA and RMA
with the agricultural production information collected by the National
Agricultural Statistics Service. These process changes allow for
program data that is common across agencies to be collected once and
utilized or redistributed to agency programs in which the producer
chooses to participate. FFAS will conduct a pilot project in spring
2015 to test the ability of FSA county offices to receive electronic
acreage reports through a third-party service provider; the pilot will
add additional States following the 2014 small ``proof-of-concept'' in
Illinois.
 Periodic status updates for these burden-reducing initiatives can
be found online at:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/21stcenturygov/actions/21st-century-regulatory-system.

 In addition to regulatory review initiatives identified under
Executive Order 13563 and the paper work burden reduction initiatives
identified under the Executive Order 13610, USDA has plans to initiate
the following additional streamlining initiatives in 2015.
 Simplify FSA NEPA Compliance. FSA proposed revisions to
its regulations that implement NEPA to update, improve, and clarify
requirements. It also proposed new categorical exclusions and removing
obsolete provisions. FSA will revise the regulations with any
additional improvements being made based on public comments to the
proposed rule. Annual cost savings to FSA as a result of this rule
could be $345,000 from conducting 314 fewer environmental assessments
per year, while retaining strong environmental protection.
 Simplify Equipment Contracts for Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) Loans. RUS is proposing a rule that would result in a new
standard Equipment Contract Form for use by Telecommunications Program
borrowers. This new standardized contract would ensure that certain
standards and specifications are met, and this new form would replace
the current process that requires all construction providers to use
their own resources to develop a contract for each project.
 Consolidate Community Facilities Programs Loan and Grant
Requirements. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is proposing to
consolidate seven of the regulations used to service Community
Facilities direct loans and grants into one streamlined regulation.
This rule will reduce the time burden on RHS staff and provide the
public with a single document that clearly outlines the requirements
for servicing Community Facilities direct loans and grants.
 Update Tuberculosis and Brucellosis Programs. Given the
success USDA has had in nearly eradicating tuberculosis and brucellosis
in ruminants, APHIS will propose rulemaking to update and consolidate
its regulations regarding these diseases to better reflect the current
distribution of these diseases and the changes in which cattle, bison,
and captive cervid are produced in the United States.

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation Under Executive Order
13609:

President Obama issued Executive Order 13609 on promoting
international regulatory cooperation in May 2012. The Executive order
charges the Regulatory Working Group, an interagency working group
chaired by the Administrator of Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs (OIRA), with examining appropriate strategies and best
practices for international regulatory cooperation. The Executive order
also directs agencies to identify factors that should be taken into
account in evaluating the effectiveness of regulatory approaches used
by trading partners with whom the U.S. is engaged in regulatory
cooperation. At this time, USDA is identifying international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations, while working closely with the Administration
to refine the guidelines implementing the Executive order. Apart from
international regulatory cooperation, the Department has continued to
identify regulations with international impacts, as it has done in the
past. Such regulations are those that are expected to have
international trade and investment effects or otherwise may be of
interest to our international trading partners.
 USDA is diligently working to carry out the President's Executive
order mandate with regard to regulatory cooperation as new regulations
are developed. Several agencies within the Department are also actively
engaged in interagency and Departmental regulatory cooperation
initiatives being pursued as part of the U.S.-Mexico High Level
Regulatory Cooperation Council (HLRCC) and the U.S.-Canada Regulatory
Cooperation Council (RCC), as well as other fora. Specific projects are
being pursued by USDA agencies such as AMS, APHIS, and FSIS and address
a variety of regulatory oversight processes and requirements related to
meat, poultry, and animal and plant health. Projects related to
electronic certification, equivalence, meat nomenclature, and the
efficient and safe flow of plants, animals and food across our shared
borders are all regulatory cooperation pursuits these agencies are
undertaking in order to secure better alignment among our countries
without compromising the high standards of safety we have in place in
the U.S. relative to food safety and public health, as well as plant
and animal health, that are so critical to American agriculture.

Major Regulatory Priorities

This following represents summary information on prospective
priority regulations as called for in Executive Orders 12866 and 13563:
Food and Nutrition Service
 Mission: FNS works to end hunger and obesity through the
administration of federal nutrition assistance programs including WIC,
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and school meals.

[[Page 76471]]

Priorities: In addition to responding to provisions of legislation
authorizing and modifying Federal nutrition assistance programs, FNS's
2015 regulatory plan supports USDA's Strategic Goal to ``ensure that
all of America's children have access to safe, nutritious and balanced
meals'' and its related objectives:
 Increase Access to Nutritious Food. This objective
represents FNS's efforts to improve nutrition by providing access to
program benefits (food consumed at home, school meals, commodities) and
distributing State administrative funds to support program operations.
To advance this objective, FNS plans to publish a final rule
implementing the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010's Community
Eligibility Provision, which eliminates the burden of household
applications and increases access to free school lunches and breakfasts
for children in eligible high-poverty schools. FNS will also publish a
proposed rule to codify procedures for providing temporary SNAP
benefits during emergencies for victims of disasters.
 Improve Program Integrity. FNS also plans to publish a
number of rules to increase efficiency, reduce the burden of program
operations, and further reduce improper payments. Program integrity
provisions will continue to be strengthened in the SNAP and Child
Nutrition programs to ensure Federal taxpayer dollars are spent
effectively. To support this objective, FNS plans to publish a final
rule from the 2008 Farm Bill that increases the penalty for SNAP
authorized stores that are involved in the trafficking of Program
benefits. Additionally, FNS plans to publish a proposed rule to
establish consistent, outcome-focused performance measures for the SNAP
Employment and Training Program. For Child Nutrition, FNS plans to
publish a proposed rule to strengthen oversight requirements and
institution disqualification procedures, allow the imposition of fines
by USDA or State agencies for egregious and/or repeated program
violations, and address several deficiencies identified through program
audits and reviews.
 Promote Healthy Diet and Physical Activity Behaviors. This
objective represents FNS's efforts to ensure that program benefits meet
appropriate standards to effectively improve nutrition for program
participants, to improve the diets of its clients through nutrition
education, and to support the national effort to reduce obesity by
promoting healthy eating and physical activity. To implement provisions
included in the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act of 2010. FNS plans to
publish a proposed rule that updates the meal patterns for the Child
and Adult Care Food Program to align them with the latest Dietary
Guidelines for Americans and final rules that establish professional
standards for school food service and State child nutrition program
directors, require schools to develop local wellness policies that
promote the health of students and address the growing problem of
childhood obesity. Additionally, FNS plans to publish a proposed rule
to implement the 2014 Farm Bill governing the eligibility of retail
food stores participating in SNAP that will improve SNAP participants'
access to healthy food options.
Food Safety and Inspection Service
 Mission: FSIS is responsible for ensuring that meat, poultry, and
processed egg products in interstate and foreign commerce are
wholesome, not adulterated, and are properly marked, labeled, and
packaged.
 Priorities: FSIS is committed to developing and issuing science-
based regulations intended to ensure that meat, poultry, and processed
egg products are wholesome and not adulterated or misbranded. FSIS
regulatory actions support the objective to protect public health by
ensuring that food is safe under USDA's goal to ensure access to safe
food. To reduce the number of foodborne illnesses and increase program
efficiencies, FSIS will continue to review its existing authorities and
regulations to ensure that it can address emerging food safety
challenges, to streamline excessively prescriptive regulations, and to
revise or remove regulations that are inconsistent with the FSIS's
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) regulations. FSIS is
also working with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to improve
coordination and increase the effectiveness of inspection activities.
FSIS's priority initiatives are as follows:
 Implement Inspection of Certain Fish, Including Catfish
and Catfish Products. FSIS plans to issue a final rule to implement a
new inspection system for all fish of the order Siluriformes, as
required by the 2014 Farm Bill. The rule will define inspection
requirements for this type of fish and will take into account the
conditions under which the fish is raised and transported to a
processing establishment.
 Streamline Export Application Processes through the Public
Health Information System (PHIS). To support its food safety inspection
activities, FSIS is continuing to implement PHIS, a user-friendly and
Web-based system that automates many of the Agency's business
processes. PHIS also enables greater exchange of information between
FSIS and other Federal agencies, such as U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, which is involved alongside FSIS in tracking cross-border
movement of import and export shipments of meat, poultry, and processed
egg products. To facilitate the implementation of some PHIS components,
FSIS is finalizing regulations to provide for electronic export
application and certification processes.
 Update Nutrition Facts Panels for Meat and Poultry
Products. FSIS will propose to amend its regulations so that the
nutrition labeling requirements for meat and poultry products reflect
recent scientific research and dietary recommendations and to improve
the presentation of nutrition information to assist consumers in
maintaining healthy dietary practices. These revisions will be
consistent with the recent changes that the Food and Drug
Administration proposed for conventional foods and will ensure that
there is consistency in how nutrition information is presented across
the food supply.
 Ensure Accurate Labeling of Mechanically Tenderized Beef.
FSIS has concluded that without proper labeling, raw or partially
cooked mechanically tenderized beef products could be mistakenly
perceived by consumers to be whole, intact muscle cuts. The fact that a
cut of beef has been needle or blade-tenderized is a characterizing
feature of the product and, as such, is a material fact likely to
affect consumers' purchase decisions and should affect their
preparation of the product. FSIS has also concluded that the addition
of validated cooking instruction is required to ensure that potential
pathogens throughout the product are destroyed. Without thorough
cooking, pathogens that may have been introduced to the interior of the
product during the tenderization process may remain in the product. The
Agency will finalize regulations requiring that raw, mechanically
tenderized (needle or blade) beef products be labeled to indicate that
they are ``mechanically tenderized.''
 Improve the Efficiency of Product Recalls. FSIS is
developing a final rule that will amend recordkeeping regulations to
specify that all official establishments and retail stores that grind
or chop raw beef products for sale in commerce must keep records that
disclose the identity of the supplier of all source materials that they
use in the preparation of each lot of raw ground or chopped product and
identify the names of those source materials. FSIS

[[Page 76472]]

investigators and public health officials frequently use records kept
by all levels of the food distribution chain, including the retail
level, to identify and trace back product that is the source of the
illness to the suppliers that produced the source material for the
product. Access to this information will improve FSIS's ability to
conduct timely and effective consumer foodborne illness investigations
and other public health activities throughout the stream of commerce.
 Improve Compliance with the Humane Methods of Slaughter
Act. FSIS has concluded that prohibiting the slaughter of all non-
ambulatory disabled veal calves will improve compliance with the Humane
Methods of Slaughter Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) and will also
improve the Agency's inspection efficiency by eliminating the time that
FSIS inspection program personnel spend re-inspecting non-ambulatory
disabled veal calves. FSIS plans to propose to amend its regulations on
ante-mortem inspection to remove a provision that permits
establishments to set apart and hold for treatment veal calves that are
unable to rise from a recumbent position and walk because they are
tired or cold (9 CFR 309.13(b)). Under the proposed rule, non-
ambulatory disabled veal calves that are offered for slaughter will be
condemned and promptly euthanized.
 FSIS Small Business Implications. The great majority of
businesses regulated by FSIS are small businesses. FSIS conducts a
small business outreach program that provides critical training, access
to food safety experts, and information resources, such as compliance
guidance and questions and answers on various topics, in forms that are
uniform, easily comprehended, and consistent. FSIS collaborates in this
effort with other USDA agencies and cooperating State partners. For
example, FSIS makes plant owners and operators aware of loan programs
available through USDA's Rural Business and Cooperative programs to
help them in upgrading their facilities. FSIS employees will meet with
small and very small plant operators to learn more about their specific
needs and explore how FSIS can tailor regulations to better meet the
needs of small and very small establishments, while maintaining the
highest level of food safety.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
 Mission: A major part of the mission of APHIS is to protect the
health and value of American agricultural and natural resources. APHIS
conducts programs to prevent the introduction of exotic pests and
diseases into the United States and conducts surveillance, monitoring,
control, and eradication programs for pests and diseases in this
country. These activities enhance agricultural productivity and
competitiveness and contribute to the national economy and the public
health. APHIS also conducts programs to ensure the humane handling,
care, treatment, and transportation of animals under the Animal Welfare
Act.
 Priorities: APHIS continues to pursue initiatives to update its
regulations to make them more flexible and performance-based. For
example, in the area of animal health, APHIS is preparing a final rule
to amend its veterinary biologics regulations to provide for the use of
a simpler, uniform label format that would allow biologics licensees
and permittees to more clearly communicate product performance
information to the end user. In addition, the rule would simplify the
evaluation of efficacy studies and reduce the amount of time required
by APHIS to evaluate study data, thus allowing manufacturers to market
their products sooner. APHIS has also prepared a proposed rule that
would revise and consolidate its regulations regarding bovine
tuberculosis and brucellosis to better reflect the distribution of
these diseases and the current nature of cattle, bison, and captive
cervid production in the United States. In the area of plant health,
APHIS has prepared a proposed rule that would establish performance
standards and a notice-based process for approving the interstate
movement of fruits and vegetables from Hawaii and the U.S. Territories
and the importation of those articles from other countries. In
addition, APHIS will revise agricultural quarantine and inspection user
fees so that fees collected are commensurate with the cost of providing
the activity.
Agricultural Marketing Service
 Mission: AMS's mission is to facilitate the competitive and
efficient marketing of agricultural products. AMS provides marketing
services to producers, manufacturers, distributors, importers,
exporters, and consumers of food products. AMS also manages the
government's food purchases, supervises food quality grading, maintains
food quality standards, supervises the Federal research and promotion
programs, and oversees the country of origin labeling program as well
as the National Organic Program (NOP).
 Priorities: AMS intends to support the government's initiative to
streamline regulatory actions by establishing a process to communicate
fees for our voluntary user fee programs annually through publication
of a Federal Register notice. AMS is also committed to ensuring the
integrity of USDA organic products in the U.S. and throughout the
world. In addition to its ongoing work to develop organic pet food,
apiculture, and aquaculture standards, the Agency is moving forward
with the following priority rulemakings that affect the organic
industry:
 Research and Promotion Programs Organic Exemption. USDA
intends to implement the 2014 Farm Bill provision to expand the organic
exemption for research and promotion program assessments. This action
would exempt organic operations with ``100 percent organic'' and
``organic'' products, including certain split operations, from paying
research and promotion program assessments.
 Transitioning Dairy Animals into Organic Production.
Members of the organic community, including dairy producers, organic
interest groups, and the National Organic Standards Board have
advocated for rulemaking on the allowance for transitioning dairy
animals into organic production. Stakeholders have interpreted the
current standard differently, creating inconsistencies across dairy
producers. AMS has submitted a proposed rule for clearance on this
issue. This proposed change to the organic standards is intended to
level the playing field for organic dairy producers.
Farm Service Agency
 Mission: FSA's mission is to deliver timely, effective programs and
services to America's farmers and ranchers to support them in
sustaining our Nation's vibrant agricultural economy, as well as to
provide first-rate support for domestic and international food aid
efforts. FSA has successfully expedited the implementation of several
major regulatory priorities resulting from the 2014 Farm Bill,
including new programs such as the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program,
Price Loss Coverage Program, Margin Protection Program for Dairy, Dairy
Product Donation Program, Cotton Transition Assistance Program, and
improvements to existing programs such as disaster assistance programs,
entity eligibility for Farm Loan Programs, and Microloans. FSA supports
USDA's strategic goals by stabilizing farm income, providing credit to
new or existing farmers and ranchers who are temporarily unable to
obtain credit from commercial sources, and helping farm operations
recover from the effects of disaster. FSA administers several
conservation programs directed toward

[[Page 76473]]

agricultural producers. The largest program is the Conservation Reserve
Program, which protects up to 32 million acres of environmentally
sensitive land.
 Priorities: FSA is focused on continuing to implement the 2014 Farm
Bill while providing the best possible service to producers while
protecting the environment by updating and streamlining environmental
compliance. FSA's priority initiatives are as follows:
 Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP). FSA
will revise its NAP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill
changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes include enhanced protection under
NAP, which is also known as NAP buy-up to allow producers to buy
additional NAP coverage for an additional premium; revised NAP
eligibility requirements for coverage on tilled native sod; added
coverage for sweet sorghum and biomass sorghum; service fee waivers for
beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers.
 Conservation Compliance. FSA, working in coordination with
NRCS and RMA, will revise the USDA conservation compliance regulations
to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes
linking eligibility for any premium subsidy paid by FCIC on a policy or
plan of federally reinsured crop insurance to be in compliance with
Highly Erodible Land Conservation and Wetlands Conservation provisions.
Since enactment of the 1985 Farm Bill, eligibility for most commodity,
disaster, and conservation programs has been linked to compliance with
the Highly Erodible Land Conservation and Wetland Conservation
provisions. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the requirement that producers
adhere to conservation compliance guidelines to be eligible for most
programs administered by FSA and NRCS.
 Marketing Assistance Loans (MAL) and Loan Deficiency
Payments (LDP). FSA will revise its MAL and LDP regulations to
implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes
reauthorize MAL and LDP for all eligible commodities including cotton,
honey, and sugar loans, for the 2014 through 2018 crop years. The MAL
and LDP Programs allow producers to receive short-term loans against
their crops so that producers can market their crops at a time that is
convenient for them, rather than being forced to sell immediately after
harvest to pay the bills. The MAL and LDP programs are continued with
no changes to the loan rates except for cotton, and there are no other
changes to the basic structure of the programs. The changes extend the
program years and add clarity to the regulations. MALs, LDPs and sugar
loans are Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) programs administered by
the Farm Service Agency (FSA).
 Farm Loan Programs (FLP) changes. FSA will revise its FLP
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill
changes include expanding lending opportunities for thousands of
farmers and ranchers to begin and continue operations, including
greater flexibility in determining eligibility, raising loan limits,
and emphasizing beginning and socially disadvantaged producers.
Specific changes include: Eliminating loan term limits for guaranteed
operating loans, modifying the definition of beginning farmers,
allowing debt forgiveness on youth loans, increasing the guaranteed
amount on conservation loans from 75 to 80 percent and 90 percent for
beginning farmers and socially disadvantaged producers, changing the
interest rate on Direct Farm Ownership loans that are made in
conjunction with other lenders, and increasing the maximum loan amount
for the down payment loan program from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP). FSA will revise
its BCAP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014
Farm Bill changes include extending BCAP through 2018 and revising BCAP
to add some new payment amounts and eligibility restrictions. Specific
changes include: revising eligible materials to remove bagasse, add
materials used for research material, and require that all woody
biomass be harvested directly from the land and reducing the payment
for collection, harvest, storage, and transportation matching payments
to $20 per dry ton. BCAP provides financial assistance to producers who
establish and harvest biomass crops and requires at least 10 percent of
payments to be matching payments.
 Conservation Reserve Program (CRP). FSA will revise its
CRP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm
Bill changes include extending the authority to enroll acreage in CRP
through September 30, 2018, and requiring enrollment to be no more than
24 million acres beginning October 1, 2016. There are 25.6 million
acres enrolled in CRP, of which 2 million expired on September 30,
2014.
 Streamline Environmental Compliance (NEPA). FSA will
revise its regulations that implement NEPA. The changes improve the
efficiency, transparency, and consistency of NEPA implementation.
Changes include aligning the regulations to NEPA regulations and
guidance from the President's Council on Environmental Quality,
providing a single set of regulations that reflect the Agency's current
structure, clarifying the types of actions that require an
Environmental Assessment (EA), and adding to the list of actions that
are categorically excluded from further environmental review because
they have no significant effect on the human environment. FSA will
develop any additional changes resulting from public comments to the
proposed rule.
Forest Service
 Mission: FS's mission is to sustain the health, productivity, and
diversity of the Nation's forests and rangelands to meet the needs of
present and future generations. This includes protecting and managing
National Forest System lands; providing technical and financial
assistance to States, communities, and private forest landowners, plus
developing and providing scientific and technical assistance; and the
exchange of scientific information to support international forest and
range conservation. FS regulatory priorities support the Department's
goal to ensure our National forests are conserved, restored, and made
more resilient to climate change, while enhancing our water resources.
 Priorities: FS is committed to developing and issuing science-based
regulations intended to ensure public participation in the management
of our Nation's national forests and grasslands, while also moving
forward the Agency's ability to plan and conduct restoration projects
on National Forest System lands. FS will continue to review its
existing authorities and regulations to ensure that it can address
emerging challenges, to streamline excessively burdensome business
practices, and to revise or remove regulations that are inconsistent
with the USDA's vision for restoring the health and function of the
lands it is charged with managing. FS's priority initiatives are as
follows:
 Implement Land Management Planning Framework. The Forest
Service promulgated a new Land Management Planning Rule at 36 CFR part
219 in April 2012 that sets out the requirements for developing,
amending, and revising land management plans for units of the National
Forest System. The planning directives, once finalized, will be used to
implement the planning framework which fosters collaboration with the
public during land management planning, is science-based and responsive
to change and promotes

[[Page 76474]]

social, economic, and ecological sustainability.
 Strengthen Ecological Restoration Policies. This policy
would recognize the adaptive capacity of ecosystems and includes the
role of natural disturbances and uncertainty related to climate and
other environmental change. The need for ecological restoration of
National Forest System lands is widely recognized, and the Forest
Service has conducted restoration-related activities across many
programs for decades. ``Restoration'' is a common way of describing
much of the Agency's work, and the concept is threaded throughout
existing authorities, program directives, and collaborative efforts
such as the National Fire Plan, a 10-Year comprehensive strategy and
implementation plan, and the Healthy Forests Restoration Act. However,
the Agency did not have a definition of ``restoration'' established in
policy. The lack of a definition was identified as a barrier to
collaborating with the public and partners to plan and accomplish
restoration work.
Rural Development
 Mission: Rural Development (RD) promotes a dynamic business
environment in rural America that creates jobs, community
infrastructure, and housing opportunities in partnership with the
private sector and community-based organizations by providing financial
assistance and business planning services and supporting projects that
create or preserve quality jobs, advance energy efficiency and the
bioeconomy, and strengthen local and regional food systems while
focusing on the development of single- and multi-family housing and
community infrastructure. RD financial resources are often leveraged
with those of other public and private credit source lenders to meet
business and credit needs in under-served areas. Recipients of these
programs may include individuals, corporations, partnerships,
cooperatives, public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes, and
private companies.
 Priorities: RD regulatory priorities will facilitate sustainable
renewable energy development and enhance the opportunities necessary
for rural families to thrive economically. RD's rules will minimize
program complexity and the related burden on the public while enhancing
program delivery and Rural Business-Cooperative Service oversight.
 Increase Accessibility to the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP). Under REAP, Rural Development provides guaranteed loans
and grants to support the purchase, construction, or retrofitting of a
renewable energy system. This rulemaking will streamline the
application process for grants, lessening the burden to the customer.
The rulemaking is expected to reduce the information collection. REAP
will also be revised to ensure a larger number of applicants will be
made available through the issuing of smaller grants. As a result,
funding will be distributed evenly across the applicant pool and
encourage greater development of renewable energy.
 Broadband Access Loans. Increasing access to broadband
service is a critical factor in improving the quality of life in rural
America and in providing the foundation needed for creating jobs. The A
2014 Farm Bill revises program provisions particularly with regard to
broadband speed and application priority. Revised regulations for the
Broadband Access Loan Program are anticipated to be published in the
Federal Register in the spring of 2015.
 Modify review of Single Family Housing Direct Loans. RD
will publish the certified loan packager regulation to streamline
oversight of the agency's vast network of committed Agency-certified
packagers. This action will help low- and very low-income people become
homeowners. It will also reduce the burden on program staff, enabling
them to focus on implementation and delivery, and will ensure
specialized support is available to them to complete the application
for assistance, improving the quality of loan application packages.

Departmental Management

Mission: Departmental Management's mission is to provide management
leadership to ensure that USDA administrative programs, policies,
advice and counsel meet the needs of USDA programs, consistent with
laws and mandates, and provide safe and efficient facilities and
services to customers.
Priorities:
 Promote Biobased Products: In support of the Department's
goal to increase prosperity in rural areas, USDA's Departmental
Management plans to publish regulations to implement the requirement in
the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill) to establish eligibility
criteria for forest and other traditional biobased products in the
BioPreferred[supreg] program.
Aggregate Costs and Benefits
 USDA will ensure that its regulations provide benefits that exceed
costs, but are unable to provide an estimate of the aggregated impacts
of its regulations. Problems with aggregation arise due to differing
baselines, data gaps, and inconsistencies in methodology and the type
of regulatory costs and benefits considered. Some benefits and costs
associated with rules listed in the regulatory plan cannot currently be
quantified as the rules are still being formulated. For 2015, USDA's
focus will be to implement the changes to programs in such a way as to
provide benefits while minimizing program complexity and regulatory
burden for program participants.

USDA--Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)

Proposed Rule Stage

1. National Organic Program, Origin of Livestock, NOP-11-0009

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, December 31, 2014.
 The proposed action would eliminate the two-track system and
require that upon transition, all existing and replacement dairy
animals from which milk or milk products are intended to be sold,
labeled, or represented as organic, must be managed organically from
the last third of gestation.
 Abstract: The current regulations provide two tracks for replacing
dairy animals which are tied to how dairy farmers transition to organic
production. Farmers who transition an entire distinct herd must
thereafter replace dairy animals with livestock that has been under
organic management from the last third of gestation. Farmers who do not
transition an entire distinct herd may perpetually obtain replacement
animals that have been managed organically for 12 months prior to
marketing milk or milk products as organic. The proposed action would
eliminate the two-track system and require that upon transition, all
existing and replacement dairy animals from which milk or milk products
are intended to be sold, labeled, or represented as organic must be
managed organically from the last third of gestation.
 Statement of Need: This action is being taken because of concerns
raised by various parties, including the National Organic Standards
Board (NOSB), about the dual tracks for dairy replacement animals. The
proposed action would institute the same requirements across all
producers.

[[Page 76475]]

Summary of Legal Basis: The National Organic Program regulations
stipulate the requirements for dairy replacement animals in section
205.236(a)(2) Origin of Livestock. In addition, in response to the
final ruling in the 2005 case, Harvey v. Johanns, the USDA committed to
rulemaking to address the concerns about dairy replacement animals.
 Alternatives: The program considered initiating the rulemaking with
an ANPRM. It was determined that there is sufficient awareness of the
expectations of the organic community to proceed with a proposed rule.
As alternatives, we considered the status quo, however, this would
continue the disparity between producers who can continually transition
conventional dairy animals into organic production and producers who
source dairy animals that are organic from the last third of gestation.
We also considered an action that would restrict the source of breeder
stock and movement of breeder stock after they are brought onto an
organic operation; however, this would minimize the flexibility of
producers to purchase breeder stock from any source as specified under
the Organic Foods Production Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 Risks: Continuation of the two-track system jeopardizes the
viability of the market for organic heifers. A potential risk
associated with the rulemaking would be a temporary supply shortage of
dairy replacement animals due to the increased demand.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD08

USDA--AMS

2. National Organic Program, Organic Pet Food Standards

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 30, 2015.
 The National Organic Program (NOP) is establishing national
standards governing the marketing of organically produced agricultural
products.
 Abstract: The National Organic Program (NOP) is establishing
national standards governing the marketing of organically produced
agricultural products. In 2004, the National Organic Standards Board
(NOSB) initiated the development of organic pet food standards, which
had not been incorporated into the NOP regulations, by forming a task
force which included pet food manufacturers, organic consultants, etc.
Collectively, these experts drafted organic pet food standards
consistent with the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990, Food and Drug
Administration requirements, and the Association of American Feed
Control Officials (AAFCO) Model Regulations for Pet and Specialty Pet
Food. The AAFCO regulations are scientifically based regulations for
voluntary adoption by State jurisdictions to ensure the safety,
quality, and effectiveness of feed. In November 2008, the NOSB approved
a final recommendation for organic pet food standards incorporating the
provisions drafted by the pet food task force.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary to ensure consistency
in the composition and labeling of pet food products bearing organic
claims. While the NOP has maintained that pet food may be certified in
accordance with the existing USDA organic regulations, the requirements
for processed products are intended for human foods and are not
entirely applicable to pet food. The uncertainty about pet food
composition and labeling requirements causes confusion in the
marketplace with potentially negative impacts for the credibility of
the organic label in general. This action responds to a 2008
recommendation of the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) and
industry requests for organic pet food standards.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
(OFPA) authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to establish an organic
certification program for producers and handlers of agricultural
products that have been produced using organic methods (7 U.S.C.
6503(a)). The OFPA also authorizes the NOSB to provide recommendations
to the Secretary regarding the implementation of the National Organic
Program (7 U.S.C. 6518(k)(1)).
 Alternatives: AMS has considered the implications of developing
specific composition and labeling standards for organic pet food versus
maintaining the status quo and not pursuing regulatory action. In
addition, AMS is examining options regarding potential implementation
periods. Finally, AMS considered the viability of composition
requirements that vary from those recommended by the NOSB.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This proposed rule would facilitate
the marketing of organic pet food by establishing clear, enforceable
requirements for the composition and labeling of these products. This
action will clarify how pet food may be produced, certified, and
marketed as organic and the significance of organic claims on pet food.
That standardization would provide certainty to pet food handlers and
certifying agents for manufacturing and certifying pet foods,
respectively, and bolster consumer confidence. AMS does not expect this
action to result in significant costs for the $109 million organic pet
food sector (2012 sales). This action may be an incentive for some
handlers that are using organic claims on noncertified pet food
products to pursue certification. AMS intends to solicit specific
public comments to validate this expectation.
 Risks: AMS does not anticipate risks to be associated with this
action. The NOSB and industry participated in the development of
organic pet food standards and have strongly encouraged their adoption
since 2008. This action may provoke questions about the Agency's intent
with regard to a separate 2013 NOSB recommendation that would, in
effect, prohibit the use of certain amino acids in organic pet food.
AMS is evaluating the impact of that action; however, that recent
recommendation is not expected to affect this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 08/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250,

[[Page 76476]]

Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email: melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD20

USDA--AMS

3. National Organic Program, Organic Apiculture Practices Standard,
NOP-12-0063

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, July 31, 2015.
 This action proposes to amend the USDA organic regulations to
reflect an October 2010 recommendation submitted to the Secretary by
the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) concerning the production
of organic apicultural (i.e. beekeeping) products.
 Abstract: This action proposes to amend the USDA organic
regulations to reflect an October 2010 recommendation submitted to the
Secretary by the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) concerning the
production of organic apicultural (i.e. beekeeping) products. Instead
of continuing to allow certifying agents to certify apiculture to the
organic livestock standards, this action would establish certification
standards specifically for organic bees and bee products.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary to establish uniform
standards for certification of organic apiculture operations.
Currently, certifying agents adapt the organic livestock standards to
certify organic apiaries. This action is necessary to distinguish
apiculture as a unique production system that merits separate organic
standards and would address practices that are not covered in the
general organic livestock requirements. This action is needed to ensure
consistency across certifying agents in the inspection and
certification of apiculture operations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Bees are regarded as ``nonplant life''
under definitions in the current Organic Foods Production Act (OFPA)
and implementing regulations. Based on these definitions, apicultural
products (bees and bee products) may currently be certified under the
livestock provisions of the USDA organic regulations (7 CFR part 205).
 Alternatives: AMS is considering variations in the implementation
period needed for any existing organic honey producers to comply with a
new proposed forage zone requirement. The agency is also considering an
alternative to align with Canadian and EU apiculture which require land
within the forage zone to be ``organically managed,'' rather than
certified as crop or wild crop.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issuing standards for management of
bees and bee products will benefit the industry by bringing greater
consistency across certifiers. The introduction of formal standards
will encourage new producers to enter the market and increase consumer
confidence in apiculture products marketed under the USDA organic seal.
In terms of costs, accredited certifying agents that currently certify
apiculture operations as livestock would be required to request to
extend the scope (current possible scopes of accreditation are crops,
livestock, handling, and wild crop) of their accreditation to include
apiculture. AMS is currently evaluating how the new rule would impact
the costs to existing organic producers.
 Risks: AMS does not expect controversy as a result of this action.
One provision that AMS anticipates public comment on during rulemaking
pertains to a 1.8 mile forage zone radius around bee hives. Under the
proposed standard, this forage zone would need to be comprised of
certified organic cropland and/or certified wild crop harvest area.
This provision may limit new producers in some parts of the world from
entering the market. However, there is widespread recognition of the
proposed requirements among certified operations, as many certifiers
have started using the 2010 NOSB recommendation as guidance for
certification of apiculture operations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD31

USDA--AMS

4. National Organic Program--Organic Aquaculture Standards

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501 to 6522
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, February 28, 2015.
 This action will establish standards for organic farmed aquatic
animals and their products to allow U.S. producers to compete in the
organic seafood market. The Organic Foods Production Act authorizes the
NOP to regulate organic claims on fish used for food. The USDA organic
regulations do not include organic aquaculture standards. This action
will open the market for U.S. organic aquaculture production and ensure
that organic aquatic animal products sold in the U.S. meet a consistent
standard.
 Abstract: This action proposes to establish standards for organic
production and certification of farmed aquatic animals and their
products in the USDA organic regulations. This action would also add
aquatic animals as a scope of certification and accreditation under the
National Organic Program. This action is necessary to establish
standards for organic farmed aquatic animals and their products which
would allow U.S. producers to compete in the organic seafood market.
This action is also necessary to address multiple recommendations
provided by USDA by the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB). In
2007 through 2009, the NOSB made five recommendations to establish
standards for the certification of organic farmed aquatic animals and
their products. Finally, the U.S. currently has organic standards
equivalence arrangements with Canada and the European Union (EU). Both
Canada and the EU have recently established standards for organic
aquaculture products. Because the U.S. does not have organic
aquaculture standards, the U.S. is unable to include aquaculture in the
scope of these arrangements. Establishing U.S. organic aquaculture may
provide a basis for expanding those trade partnerships.
 Statement of Need: In 2005, The Secretary of Agriculture appointed
an Aquaculture Working Group to advise the National Organic Standards
Board (NOSB) on drafting a recommendation on the production of organic
farmed aquatic animals. The NOSB considered the Aquaculture Working
Group's draft recommendations and provided USDA with a series of five
recommendations

[[Page 76477]]

from 2007-2009 for technical standards for the production and
certification of organic farmed aquatic animals. Based on the NOSB
recommendations, this action proposed to establish standards for
organic production and certification of farmed aquatic animals and
their products in the USDA organic regulations. This action would also
add aquatic animals as an area of certification and accreditation under
NOP.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
National Organic Program (NOP) is authorized by the Organic Foods
Production Act of 1990 (OFPA) to establish national standards governing
the marketing of organically produced agricultural products (7 U.S.C.
6501-6522). The USDA organic regulations set the requirements for the
organic certification of agricultural products (7 CFR Part 205).
Participation under the NOP is voluntary. However, if organic producers
or handlers choose to sell, represent, or label more than $5,000 in
organic products, certification under the USDA organic regulations is
required.
 Alternatives: An alternative to providing organic aquatic animal
standards would be to not publish such standards and allow aquatic
animal products to continue to be sold as organic based on private
standards or other countries standards. Organic seafood producers have
expressed a strong interest in having USDA organic standards for fish
and other aquatic animal products. U.S. aquaculture operations are
generally hesitant to invest in organic aquaculture without published
standards for organic aquatic animals and their products. Selecting
such an alternative could result in failure for this sector of organic
agriculture to develop in the United States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost for existing conventional
aquaculture operations to convert and participate in this voluntary
marketing program will generally be incurred in the cost of changing
management practices, increased feed costs, and obtaining organic
certification. There will also be some costs to certifying agents who
would need to add aquaculture to their areas of accreditation under the
USDA organic regulations. These costs include application fees and
expanded audits to ensure certifying agents meet the accreditation
requirements needed for providing certification services to aquaculture
operations. Certification of organic operations under the NOP is
provided as a user-fee service by AMS-accredited private sector
certifying agents and State agencies. AMS provides accreditation
services to private and State agency certifiers on a cost-recovery,
user-fee basis. AMS will not require additional appropriated funds to
implement this program. By providing organic standards for organic
aquatic animal products, producers will be able to sell certified
organic aquatic animal products for up to 75-100 percent above the
price of conventionally produced seafood. In addition, organic aquatic
animal products imported into the U.S. from other countries will be
required to meet a consistent, enforced standard. Organic consumers
will be assured that organic aquatic animal products comply with the
USDA organic regulations. The new standards will also provide the basis
for expanding our organic standards equivalency agreements to include
this additional area of organic products.
 Risks: There are no known risks to providing these additional
standards for certification of organic products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD34

USDA--AMS

5. Exemption of Producers and Handlers of Organic Products
From Assessment Under a Commodity Promotion Law

Priority: Other Significant.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7401; Pub. L. 113-79.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 900.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, November 30, 2014.
 This action would amend the general regulations that apply to the
29 marketing orders for fruits, vegetables, and specialty crops and the
orders and/or rules and regulations of the 22 research and promotion
programs under AMS oversight.
 Abstract: As a result of this action, certified ``organic''
commodities (those comprising at least 95 percent organic components)
would no longer be subject to assessment for promotion activities
conducted under marketing order or research and promotion programs. In
addition, certified organic commodities that are produced, handled,
marketed, or imported by operations that also deal in conventional
products would be eligible for exemptions. Currently, only products
that are certified ``100 percent organic'' and that are produced and
handled by entities that deal exclusively with organic products are
exempt from assessments. This action is expected to reduce the
assessment obligation for organic industry operators by as much as
$13.7 million. Conversely, the impact on the marketing programs will be
a loss of approximately $13.7 million in funds for generic commodity
promotions.
 Statement of Need: Section 501 of the Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7401) (FAIR Act), as
amended, currently exempts entities that produce and market solely 100
percent organic products from payment of assessments under commodity
promotion laws. Section 10004 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79) (Farm Bill) further amended the FAIR Act to provide exemptions
for all certified organic products, including those produced and
handled by operators that also deal in conventional products. This
action is needed to bring existing Federal regulations governing
commodity promotion activities into compliance with the FAIR Act, as
amended by the Farm Bill.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 10004 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) (Farm Bill) further amended the FAIR Act to
provide exemptions for all certified organic products, including those
produced and handled by operators that also deal in conventional
products. This action is needed to bring existing Federal regulations
governing commodity promotion activities into compliance with the FAIR
Act, as amended by the Farm Bill.
 Alternatives: Currently, only products that are certified ``100
percent organic'' and that are produced and handled by entities that
deal exclusively with organic products are exempt from assessments. So
the alternative, would be to continue in this manner.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This action is expected to reduce
the assessment obligation for organic

[[Page 76478]]

industry operators by as much as $13.7 million.
 Risks: Conversely, the impact on the marketing programs will be a
loss of approximately $13.7 million in funds for generic commodity
promotions.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Michael V. Durando, Chief, Marketing Order
Administration Branch, Department of Agriculture, Agricultural
Marketing Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington,
DC 20250-0237, Phone: 202 720-2491, Fax: 202 720-8938.
 RIN: 0581-AD37

USDA--Farm Service Agency (FSA)

Final Rule Stage

6. Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7333.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1437.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) is amending
regulations for the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP).
NAP is administered for CCC by the Farm Service Agency (FSA). NAP
provides producers of crops that are not eligible for crop insurance
with a basic level of risk management coverage. NAP provides financial
assistance to producers of non-insurable crops when low yield, loss of
inventory, or prevented plantings occur due to a natural disaster. The
rule includes changes to NAP required by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
changes include revised NAP eligibility requirements for coverage on
tilled native sod, and added coverage for sweet sorghum and biomass
sorghum. Beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers will be eligible
for service fee waivers. New ``buy up'' provisions will allow producers
to buy additional NAP coverage for an additional premium. While the
rule does not have a statutory deadline, the 2014 Farm Bill requires
changes to the NAP program beginning with the 2015 coverage year, which
begins as early as May 2014. In addition to the 2014 Farm Bill changes,
the rule also makes the following changes:
 Adds NAP coverage for organic crops.
 Expands NAP coverage for mollusks, a common aquaculture
crop. Specifically, it removes the current requirement that eligible
mollusk inventory be seeded and raised in containers or similar devices
designed to protect the aquaculture species.
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to this rule, the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost benefit analysis was prepared
for this rule and will be made available when the rule is published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI20

USDA--FSA

7. Conservation Compliance

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.; 16 U.S.C. 3811 and 3812; 16
U.S.C. 3821 and 3822.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 12.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The interim rule implements mandatory changes to the
conservation compliance regulations in 7 CFR part 12 as required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Bill). The current regulations
require participants in most USDA programs to comply with conservation
compliance measures on any land that is highly erodible or that is
considered a wetland. The 2014 Farm Bill expands current conservation
compliance requirements to apply to producers who obtain subsidized
Federal crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act. It also
slightly modifies the existing wetlands ``Mitigation Banking'' program
to remove the requirement that USDA hold easements in the mitigation
program.
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to this rule; the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost benefit analysis was prepared
for this rule and will be made available when the rule is published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI26

USDA--FSA

8. Conservation Reserve Program (CRP)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 3831 to 3835.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1410.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The rule implements changes to CRP required by the 2014
Farm Bill. CRP assists producers in conserving and improving soil,
water, and wildlife resources by converting highly erodible and other
environmentally sensitive acreage to a long-term vegetative cover. The
core scope of CRP will not change. The changes required by the 2014
Farm Bill include providing an ``early out'' for contract cancellations
in 2015, removing the requirement for a payment reduction for emergency
haying and grazing, and allowing non-cropland (grasslands) in CRP. CRP
is a Commodity Credit

[[Page 76479]]

Corporation (CCC) program administered by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA).
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to the rule; the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost-benefit analysis will be
prepared for the rule and will be made available when the rule is
published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI30

USDA--Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

9. Brucellosis and Bovine Tuberculosis; Update of General Provisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 1622; 7 U.S.C. 8301 to 8317; 15 U.S.C.
1828; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a; 31 U.S.C. 9701.
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 50 and 51; 9 CFR 71; 9 CFR 76 to 78; 9 CFR 86;
9 CFR 93; 9 CFR 161.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would consolidate the regulations
governing bovine tuberculosis (TB), currently found in 9 CFR part 77,
and those governing brucellosis, currently found in 9 CFR part 78. As
part of this consolidation, we are proposing to transition the TB and
brucellosis programs away from a State status system based on disease
prevalence. Instead, States and tribes would implement an animal health
plan that identifies sources of the diseases within the State or tribe
and specifies mitigations to address the risk posed by these sources.
The consolidated regulations would also set forth standards for
surveillance, epidemiological investigations, and affected herd
management that must be incorporated into each animal health plan, with
certain limited exceptions; conditions for the interstate movement of
cattle, bison, and captive cervids; and conditions for APHIS approval
of tests for bovine TB or brucellosis. Finally, the rulemaking would
revise the import requirements for cattle and bison to make these
requirements clearer and ensure that they more effectively mitigate the
risk of introduction of the diseases into the United States.
 Statement of Need: The current regulations were issued during a
time when the prevalence rates for the disease in domestic, cattle,
bison, and captive cervids were much higher than they are today. As a
result, the regulations specify measures that are necessary to prevent
these diseases from spreading through the interstate movement of
infected animals. The regulations are effective in this regard, but do
not address reservoirs of tuberculosis and brucellosis that exist in
certain States. Moreover, the regulations presuppose one method of
dealing with infected herds--whole-herd depopulation--and do not take
into consideration the development of other methods, such as test-and-
remove protocols, that are equally effective but less costly for APHIS
and producers. Finally, our current regulations governing the
importation of cattle and bison do not always address the risk that
such animals may pose of spreading brucellosis or bovine tuberculosis,
and need to be updated to allow APHIS to take appropriate measures when
prevalence rates for bovine tuberculosis or brucellosis increase or
decrease in foreign regions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under the Animal Health Protection Act (7
U.S.C. 8301 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture has the authority to
issue orders and promulgate regulations to prevent the introduction
into the United States and the dissemination within the United States
of any pest or disease of livestock.
 Alternatives: One alternative would be to leave the current
regulations unchanged. As noted above, the current regulations are
effective in preventing the interstate movement of infected animals,
but do not address reservoirs of brucellosis and tuberculosis that
exist in certain States and thus do not address the root cause of such
infection. They also are written in a prescriptive manner which does
not allow States to take into consideration scientific developments and
other emerging information in determining how best to deal with
infected animals and herds. Finally, APHIS' current regulations
governing the importation of cattle and bison do not always address the
risk that such animals may pose of spreading bovine tuberculosis or
brucellosis.
 A second alternative considered was to limit the scope of the
regulatory changes to the Agency's domestic tuberculosis and
brucellosis program. However, in recent years, when tuberculosis-
affected animals have been discovered at slaughtering facilities within
the United States, these animals have usually been of foreign origin.
This has led us to reexamine the current import regulations. As a
result of this reevaluation, we have determined that the import
regulations need to be revised to assure that they more effectively
mitigate the risk of introduction of these diseases into the United
States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Certain additional costs may be
incurred by producers as a result of this rule. For example, the
proposed rule would impose new interstate movement restrictions on
rodeo, event, and exhibited cattle and bison and impose additional
costs for producers of such cattle and bison. These new testing
requirements could cost, in aggregate, between $651,000 and $1 million.
Also, the proposed additional restrictions for the movement of captive
cervids could result in additional costs for producers. Adhering to
these new requirements may have a total cost to the captive cervid
industry of between about $157,000 and $485,000 annually. States and
tribes would incur costs associated with this proposed rule, in
particular in developing animal health plans for bovine tuberculosis
and brucellosis. The proposed animal health plans for brucellosis and
bovine tuberculosis would build significantly on existing operations
with respect to these diseases. We anticipate that all 50 States and as
many as 3 tribes would develop animal health plans. Based on our
estimates of plan development costs, the total cost of the development
of these 53 animal health plans could be between about $750,000 and
$2.9 million. We expect that under current circumstances, four or five
States are likely to develop recognized management area plans as
proposed in this rule as part of their animal health plans. Based on
our estimates of recognized management area plan development costs, the
cost of developing recognized management area plans by these States
could total

[[Page 76480]]

between $56,000 and $274,000. While direct effects of this proposed
rule for producers should be small, whether the entity affected is
small or large, consolidation of the brucellosis and bovine
tuberculosis regulations is expected to benefit the affected livestock
industries. Disease management would be more focused, flexible and
responsive, reducing the number of producers incurring costs when
disease concerns arise in an area. Also, the competitiveness of the
United States in international markets depends on its reputation for
producing healthy animals. The proposed rule would enhance this
reputation through its comprehensive approach to the control of
identified reservoirs of bovine tuberculosis or brucellosis in wildlife
populations in certain parts of the United States and more stringent
import regulations consistent with domestic restrictions. We expect
that the benefits would justify the costs.
 Risks: If we do not issue this proposed rule, reservoirs of
brucellosis and tuberculosis that exist in certain States will not be
adequately evaluated and addressed. Additionally, our current
regulations regarding the importation of cattle and bison do not always
address the risk that such animals may pose of spreading brucellosis or
bovine tuberculosis.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Langston Hull, National Center for Import and
Export, VS, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 39, Riverdale, MD 20737,
Phone: 301 851-3300.
 C. William Hench, Senior Staff Veterinarian, Ruminant Health
Programs, National Center for Animal Health Programs, VS, Department of
Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, 2150 Centre
Avenue, Building B-3E20, Ft. Collins, CO 80526, Phone: 970 494-7378.
 RIN: 0579-AD65

USDA--APHIS

10. Establishing a Performance Standard for Authorizing the Importation
and Interstate Movement of Fruits and Vegetables

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 450; 7 U.S.C. 7701 to 7772; 7 U.S.C. 7781
to 7786; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 318 and 319.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would amend our regulations governing the
importations of fruits and vegetables by broadening our existing
performance standard to provide for consideration of all new fruits and
vegetables for importation into the United States using a notice-based
process. Rather than authorizing new imports through proposed and final
rules and specifying import conditions in the regulations, the notice-
based process uses Federal Register notices to make risk analyses
available to the public for review and comment, with authorized
commodities and their conditions of entry subsequently being listed on
the Internet. It would also remove the region- or commodity-specific
phytosanitary requirements currently found in these regulations.
Likewise, we are proposing an equivalent revision of the performance
standard in our regulations governing the interstate movements of
fruits and vegetables from Hawaii and the U.S. territories (Guam,
Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) and
the removal of commodity-specific phytosanitary requirements from those
regulations. This proposal would allow for the consideration of
requests to authorize the importation or interstate movement of new
fruits and vegetables in a manner that enables a more flexible and
responsive regulatory approach to evolving pest situations in both the
United States and exporting countries. It would not, however, alter the
science-based process in which the risk associated with importation or
interstate movement of a given fruit or vegetable is evaluated or the
manner in which risks associated with the importation or interstate
movement of a fruit or vegetable are mitigated.
 Statement of Need: The revised regulations are needed to streamline
the administrative process involved in consideration of fruits and
vegetables currently not authorized for interstate movement or
importation, while continuing to provide opportunity for public comment
and engagement on the science and risk-based analysis associated with
such imports and interstate movements. The proposal would also enable
us to adapt our import requirements more quickly in the event of any
changes to a country's pest or disease status or as a result of new
scientific information or treatment options.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under section 7701 of the Plant Protection
Act (PPA), given that the smooth movement of enterable plants and plant
products into, out of, or within the United States is vital to the U.S.
economy, it is the responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture to
facilitate exports, imports, and interstate commerce in agricultural
products and other commodities that pose a risk of harboring plant
pests or noxious weeds in ways that will reduce, to the extent
practicable, as determined by the Secretary, the risk of dissemination
of plant pests or noxious weeds. Decisions regarding exports, imports,
and interstate commerce are required to be based on sound science.
 Alternatives: We considered taking no action at this time and
leaving the regulations as they are currently written. We decided
against this alternative because leaving the regulations unchanged
would not address the needs identified immediately above.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Consumers and businesses would
benefit from the more timely access to fruits and vegetables for which
entry or movement would currently require rulemaking. This benefit
would be reduced to the extent that certain businesses would face
increased competition for the subject fruits and vegetables sooner due
to their more timely approval. APHIS has not identified other costs
that may be incurred because of the proposed rule.
 Risks: The performance-based process more closely links APHIS'
decision to authorize importation of a fruit or vegetable with the pest
risk assessment and brings us in line with other countries that
authorize importation of a fruit or vegetable with the pest risk
assessment. Some countries have viewed the rulemakings for fruits and
vegetables that follow completion of the pest risk assessment as a non-
technical trade barrier and may have slowed the approval of U.S.
exports (including, but not limited to, fruits and vegetables) into
their markets, or placed additional restrictions on existing exports
from the United States.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/09/14 79 FR 53346
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/10/14 .......................

[[Page 76481]]


Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Matthew Rhoads, Associate Executive Director, Plant
Health Programs, PPQ, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 131, Riverdale, MD
20737-1231, Phone: 301 851-2133.
 RIN: 0579-AD71

USDA--APHIS

Final Rule Stage

11. Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analogous Products; Single Label Claim
for Veterinary Biological Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 151 to 159
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 112.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will amend the Virus-Serum-Toxin Act
regulations to replace the current label format, which reflects any of
four different levels of effectiveness, with a single, uniform label
format. It will also require biologics licensees to provide a
standardized summary, with confidential business information removed,
of the efficacy and safety data submitted to the Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service in support of the issuance of a full product
license or conditional license. A single label format along with
publicly available safety and efficacy data will help biologics
producers to more clearly communicate product performance to their
customers.
 Statement of Need: The intent of this proposal is to address a
request made by our stakeholders and to more clearly communicate
product performance information to the user by requiring a uniform
label format and a summary of efficacy and safety data (with
confidential business information removed).
 Summary of Legal Basis: APHIS administers and enforces the Virus-
Serum-Toxin Act, as amended (21 U.S.C. 151 to 159). The regulations
issued pursuant to the Act are intended to ensure that veterinary
biological products are pure, safe, potent, and efficacious when used
according to label instructions.
 Alternatives: We could retain the current APHIS labeling guidance,
but maintaining the status quo would not address the concern reported
by stakeholders concerning the interpretation of product performance.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: APHIS anticipates that the only
costs associated with the proposed labeling format would be one-time
costs incurred by licensees and permittees in having labels for
existing licensed products updated in accordance with the proposed new
format. A simpler, uniform label format would allow biologics licensees
and permittees to more clearly communicate product performance
information to the end user. In addition, the rule would simplify the
evaluation of efficacy studies and reduce the amount of time required
by APHIS to evaluate study data, thus allowing manufacturers to market
their products sooner.
 Risks: APHIS has not identified any risks associated with this
proposed action.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 05/24/11 76 FR 30093
Comment Period End.................. 07/25/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 04/21/14 79 FR 22048
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/20/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Donna L Malloy, Operational Support Section, Center
for Veterinary Biologics, Policy, Evaluation, and Licensing, VS,
Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service,
4700 River Road, Unit 148, Riverdale, MD 20737-1231, Phone: 301 851-
3426.
 RIN: 0579-AD64

USDA--APHIS

12. User Fees for Agricultural Quarantine and Inspection Services

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7701 to 7772; 7 U.S.C. 7781 to 7786; 7
U.S.C. 8301 to 8317; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a; 49 U.S.C. 80503
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 354.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will amend the user fee regulations by
adding new fee categories and adjusting current fees charged for
certain agricultural quarantine and inspection services that are
provided in connection with certain commercial vessels, commercial
trucks, commercial railroad cars, commercial aircraft, and
international passengers arriving at ports in the customs territory of
the United States. It will also adjust the fee caps associated with
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, and commercial railcars. Based
on the conclusions of a third party assessment of the user fee program
and on other considerations, we have determined that revised user fee
categories and revised user fees are necessary to recover the costs of
the current level of activity, to account for actual and projected
increases in the cost of doing business, and to more accurately align
fees with the costs associated with each fee service.
 Statement of Need: Regarding certain agricultural quarantine and
inspection services that are provided in connection with certain
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars,
commercial aircraft, and international passengers arriving at ports in
the customs territory of the United States, we have determined that
revised user fee categories and revised user fees are necessary to
recover the costs of the current level of activity, to account for
actual and projected increases in the cost of doing business, and to
more accurately align fees with the costs associated with each fee
service.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 2509(a) of the Food, Agriculture,
Conservation, and Trade (FACT) Act of 1990 (21 U.S.C. 136a) authorizes
APHIS to collect user fees for certain agricultural quarantine and
inspection (AQI) services. The FACT Act was amended on April 4, 1996,
and May 13, 2002. The FACT Act, as amended, authorizes APHIS to collect
user fees for AQI services provided in connection with the arrival, at
a port in the customs territory of the United States, of commercial
vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars, commercial
aircraft, and international passengers. According to the FACT Act, as
amended, these user fees should recover the costs of:

[[Page 76482]]

Providing the AQI services for the conveyances and the
passengers listed above;
 Providing preclearance or preinspection at a site outside
the customs territory of the United States to international passengers,
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars, and
commercial aircraft;
 Administering the user fee program; and
 Maintaining a reasonable reserve.
 In addition, the FACT Act, as amended, contains the following
requirement:
 The fees should be commensurate with the costs with
respect to the class of persons or entities paying the fees. This is
intended to avoid cross-subsidization of AQI services.
 Alternatives: APHIS focused on three alternatives composed of
different combinations of paying classes. The first or preferred
alternative is the proposed rule; the second alternative differed from
the first by not including user fees for recipients of AQI treatment
services; and under the third alternative, recipients of commodity
import permits and pest import permits would pay user fees, in addition
to the classes that would pay fees under the proposed rule. The latter
two alternatives were rejected.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed changes in user fees
would ensure that the program can continue to protect America's
agricultural industries and natural resource base against invasive
species and diseases while more closely aligning, by class, the cost of
AQI services provided and user fee revenue received.
 Risks: AQI services benefit U.S. agricultural and natural resources
by protecting them from the inadvertent introduction of foreign pests
and diseases that may enter the country and the threat of intentional
introduction of pests or pathogens as a means of agroterrorism. In the
extreme, failure to maintain the nation's biosecurity could disrupt
American agricultural production, erode confidence in the U.S. food
supply, and destabilize the U.S. economy.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/25/14 79 FR 22895
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 07/01/14 79 FR 37231
NPRM Comment Period Reopened End.... 07/24/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: William E Thomas, Senior Agriculturist, Office of
the Deputy Administrator, PPQ, Department of Agriculture, Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 130, Riverdale,
MD 20737, Phone: 301 851-2306.
 Kris Caraher, Branch Chief, Review and Analysis, Financial
Management Division, MRPBS, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 55, Riverdale, MD
20737, Phone: 301 851-2834.
 RIN: 0579-AD77

USDA--FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE (FNS)

Proposed Rule Stage

13. Emergency Supplemental Nutrition Assistance for Victims of
Disasters Procedures

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Food and Nutrition Act of 2008
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 280.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (FNA) provides
authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to establish temporary
emergency standards of eligibility for the duration of an emergency for
households who are victims of a disaster that disrupts commercial
channels of food distribution. FNS plans to publish a Proposed Rule for
D-SNAP that will codify longstanding policies disseminated through
previous guidance.
 Statement of Need: A 2007 Office of Inspector General (OIG) report
(Audit 27099-49-Te: Disaster Food Stamp Program for Hurricanes Katrina
and Rita--Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas--Final Report) found some
deficits in the design and review of State D-SNAP plans of operation
and inadequate controls to prevent recipient fraud and duplicate
participation. OIG attributed the deficits, in part, to a lack of
detailed procedures in regulations and, in response, recommended that
FNS amend D-SNAP policy on those specific topics and promulgate D-SNAP
regulations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (FNA)
provides authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to establish
temporary emergency standards of eligibility for the duration of an
emergency for households who are victims of a disaster which disrupts
commercial channels of food distribution.
 Alternatives: None identified; this Proposed Rule primarily will
codify long-standing D-SNAP procedures.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As the Proposed Rule primarily will
codify longstanding D-SNAP procedures, FNS anticipates that this rule
will not result in any significant costs.
 Risks: No risks are anticipated as the proposed rule will codify
longstanding procedures.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE00

USDA--FNS

14. Child Nutrition Program Integrity

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 215; 7 CFR 220; 7 CFR 225; 7 CFR
226; 7 CFR 235.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes to codify three provisions of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (the Act). Section 303 of the Act
requires the Secretary to establish criteria for imposing fines against
schools, school food authorities, or State agencies that fail to
correct severe mismanagement of the program,

[[Page 76483]]

fail to correct repeat violations of program requirements, or disregard
a program requirement of which they had been informed. Section 322 of
the Act requires the Secretary to establish procedures for the
termination and disqualification of organizations participating in the
Summer Food Service Program (SFSP). Section 362 of the Act requires
that any school, institution, service institution, facility, or
individual that has been terminated from any program authorized under
the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act or the Child Nutrition
Act of 1966, and appears on either the SFSP or the Child and Adult Care
Food Program's (CACFP's) disqualified list, may not be approved to
participate in or administer any other programs authorized under those
two Acts.
 Statement of Need: There are currently no regulations imposing
fines on schools, school food authorities, or State agencies for
program violations and mismanagement. This rule will: (1) Establish
criteria for imposing fines against schools, school food authorities,
or State agencies that fail to correct severe mismanagement of the
program or repeated violations of program requirements; (2) establish
procedures for the termination and disqualification of organizations
participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP); and (3)
require that any school, institutions, or individual that has been
terminated from any Federal Child Nutrition Program and appears on
either the SFSP or the Child and Adult Care Food Program's (CACFP's)
disqualified list may not be approved to participate in or administer
any other Child Nutrition Program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule codifies Sections 303, 322, and
362 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: None identified; this rule implements statutory
requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rule is expected to help
promote program integrity in all of the child nutrition programs. FNS
anticipates that these provisions will have no significant costs and no
major increase in regulatory burden to States.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: James F Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE08

USDA--FNS

15. Child and Adult Care Food Program: Meal Pattern Revisions Related
to the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 215; 7 CFR 220; 7 CFR 226.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposal would implement section 221 of the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296; the Act) which requires
USDA to review and update, no less frequently than once every 10 years,
requirements for meals served under the Child and Adult Care Food
Program (CACFP) to ensure that meals are consistent with the most
recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans and relevant nutrition science.
 Statement of Need: Section 221 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act
of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296, the Act) requires USDA to review and update,
no less frequently than once every 10 years, requirements for meals
served under the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) to ensure
that meals are consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for
Americans and relevant nutrition science. The Act also clarifies the
purpose of the program, restricts the use of food as a punishment or
reward, outlines requirements for milk and milk substitution, and
introduces requirements for the availability of water. This rule will
establish the criteria and procedures for implementing these provisions
of the Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 221 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free
Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: There are several instances throughout this rule and
its associated Regulatory Impact Analysis that offer alternatives for
review and comment to the various criteria and procedures discussed in
this proposed rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rule is expected to improve the
nutritional quality of meals served and the overall health of children
participating in the CACFP. Most CACFP meals are served to children
from low-income households. At this time, we cannot estimate the
financial impact the proposed rule will have on State agencies,
sponsoring organizations, and child care institutions, but we expect
that there will be a small cost increase associated with the
implementation of improved meal pattern requirements. A regulatory
impact analysis will be conducted to determine these cost implications.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: James F. Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE18

USDA--FNS

16. Enhancing Retailer Eligibility Standards In SNAP

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Sec 3, U.S.C. 2012; sec 9, U.S.C. 2018
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 271.2; 7 CFR 278.1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will address the criteria used to
authorize redemption of SNAP benefits (especially by restaurant-type
operations).
 Statement of Need: The 2014 Farm Bill amended the Food and
Nutrition

[[Page 76484]]

Act of 2008 to increase the requirement that certain SNAP authorized
retail food stores have available on a continual basis at least three
varieties of items in each of four staple food categories to a
mandatory minimum of seven. The 2014 Farm Bill also amended the Act to
increase for certain SNAP authorized retail food stores the minimum
number of categories in which perishable foods are required from two to
three. This rule would codify these mandatory requirements. Further,
using existing authority in the Act and feedback from an expansive
Request for Information, the rulemaking also proposes changes to
address depth of stock, redefine staple and accessory foods, and amend
the definition of retail food store to clarify when a retailer is a
restaurant rather than a retail food store.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 3(k) of the Food and Nutrition Act
of 2008 (the Act) generally (with limited exception) (1) requires that
food purchased with SNAP benefits be meant for home consumption and (2)
forbids the purchase of hot foods with SNAP benefits. The intent of
those statutory requirements can be circumvented by selling cold foods,
which may be purchased with SNAP benefits, and offering onsite heating
or cooking of those same foods, either for free or at an additional
cost. In addition, Section 9 of the Act provides for approval of retail
food stores and wholesale food concerns based on their ability to
effectuate the purposes of the Program.
 Alternatives: Because this proposed rule is under development,
alternatives are not yet articulated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed changes will allow FNS
to improve access to healthy food choices for SNAP participants and to
ensure that participating retailers effectuate the purposes of the
Program. FNS anticipates that these provisions will have no significant
costs to States.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE27

USDA--FNS

Final Rule Stage

17. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program: Farm Bill of 2008
Retailer Sanctions

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-246
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 276.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule would implement provisions under section
4132 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, giving the
Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) the
authority to assess a civil penalty and to disqualify a retail or
wholesale food store authorized to participate in SNAP.
 Statement of Need: This final rule implements the provisions of the
2008 Farm Bill that provide the U.S. Department of Agriculture greater
flexibility in assessing sanctions against retail food stores and
wholesale food concerns found in violation of the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program rules. This rule updates SNAP retailer
sanction regulations to include authority granted in the 2008 Farm Bill
to allow the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) to impose a civil penalty
in addition to disqualification, raise the allowable penalties per
violation and provide greater flexibility to the Department for minor
violations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 4132, Food, Conservation, and
Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-246).
 Alternatives: For the new trafficking civil penalty, FNS considered
alternatives for assessing a civil penalty in addition to permanent
disqualification for stores sanctioned for trafficking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes to the retailer sanction
regulations will improve program integrity by increasing the deterrent
effect of sanctions on the small number of authorized firms that commit
program violations.
 Risks: The risk that retail or wholesale food stores will violate
SNAP rules, or continue to violate SNAP rules, is expected to be
reduced by refining program sanctions for participating retailers and
wholesalers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/14/12 77 FR 48461
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/15/12 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Note: This RIN replaces the previously
issued RIN 0584-AD78.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AD88

USDA--FNS

18. Child Nutrition Programs: Local School Wellness Policy
Implementation Under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 220.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule codifies a provision of the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act (Pub. L. 111-296; the Act) under 7 CFR parts 210
and 220. Section 204 of the Act requires each local educational agency
(LEA) to establish, for all schools under its jurisdiction, a local
school wellness policy. The Act requires that the wellness policy
include goals for nutrition, nutrition education, physical activity,
and other school-based activities that promote student wellness. In
addition, the Act requires that local educational agencies ensure
stakeholder participation in development of their local school wellness
policies, and periodically assess compliance with the policies, and
disclose information about the policies to the public.
 Statement of Need: Schools play a critical role in promoting
student health, preventing childhood obesity, and combating problems
associated with poor nutrition and physical inactivity. To formalize
and encourage this role, section 204 of the Child Nutrition and WIC
Reauthorization Act of 2004 (Pub. L. 108-265), required each

[[Page 76485]]

local educational agency (LEA) participating in the National School
Lunch Program (NSLP) and/or the School Breakfast Program (SBP) to
establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006.
Subsequently, section 204 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010
(HHFKA, Pub. L. 111-296, December 13, 2010) added a new section 9A to
the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (NSLA) (42 U.S.C.
1758b) which expands the scope of wellness policies; brings additional
stakeholders into the development, implementation, and review of local
school wellness policies; and requires public updates on the content
and implementation of the wellness policies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 204 of the Child Nutrition and WIC
Reauthorization Act of 2004 (Pub. L. 108-265); Section 204 of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA, Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: Alternatives to some of the policy provisions were
outlined in the proposed rule and will be discussed in the final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The rule strengthens local school
wellness policy requirements. As described in the Regulatory Impact
Analysis, we expect this to improve health outcomes for students,
though we are not able to quantify these benefits. Minimal
administrative expenses are estimated in relation to additional
reporting and recordkeeping requirements.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/26/14 79 FR 10693
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required:: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: James F. Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE25

USDA--FNS

19. SNAP: Employment and Training (E&T) Performance
Measurement, Monitoring and Reporting Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-79
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 273.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule will implement the E&T provisions of section
4022 of The Agricultural Act of 2014. The provisions of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 require reporting measures for States' E&T
programs.
 Statement of Need: Section 4022 of Agricultural Act of 2014 states
that ``Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Secretary shall issue interim final regulations implementing
the amendments made by subsection (a)(2).'' This interim rule will
address the amendments in subsection (a)(2). This rule will also
address the USDA Office of Inspector General (OIG) audit entitled
``Food Stamp Employment and Training Program'' (OIG #27601-16-AT),
released March 31, 2008, that recommended FNS establish performance
measures for the SNAP E&T Program. This rule will bring closure to that
audit recommendation.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 4022 of Agricultural Act of 2014.
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be identified in the interim final
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs and Benefits will be
identified in the interim final rule.
 Risks: Risks, if applicable, will be identified in the interim
final rule.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE33

USDA--Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

20. Requirements for the Disposition of Non-Ambulatory Disabled Veal
Calves

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et
seq.)
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 309.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS is proposing to amend the ante-mortem inspection
regulations to remove a provision that permits establishments to set
apart and hold for treatment veal calves that are unable to rise from a
recumbent position and walk because they are tired or cold (9 CFR
309.13(b)). The regulations permit such calves to proceed to slaughter
if they are able to rise and walk after being warmed or rested. FSIS is
proposing to require that non-ambulatory disabled (NAD) veal calves
that are offered for slaughter be condemned and promptly euthanized.
The existing regulations require that NAD mature cattle be condemned on
ante-mortem inspection and that they be promptly euthanized (9 CFR
309.3(e)). FSIS believes that prohibiting the slaughter of all NAD veal
calves would improve compliance with the Humane Methods of Slaughter
Act of 1978 (HMSA), and the humane slaughter implementing regulations.
It would also improve the Agency's inspection efficiency by eliminating
the time that FSIS inspection program personnel (IPP) spend assessing
and supervising the treatment of NAD veal calves.
 Statement of Need: Removing the provision from 9 CFR 309.13(b)
would eliminate uncertainty as to what is to be done with veal calves
that are non-ambulatory disabled because they are tired or cold, or
because they are injured or sick, thereby ensuring the appropriate
disposition of these animals. In addition, removing the provision in 9
CFR 309.13(b) would improve inspection efficiency by eliminating the
time that FSIS IPP spend assessing the treatment of non-ambulatory
disabled veal calves.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 603 (a) and (b).
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two alternatives to the
proposed amendment: The status quo and prohibiting the slaughter of
non-ambulatory disabled ``bob veal,'' which are calves generally less
than one week old.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: If the proposed rule is adopted,
non-

[[Page 76486]]

ambulatory disabled veal calves will not be re-inspected during ante-
mortem inspection. The veal calves that are condemned during ante-
mortem inspection will be euthanized. The estimated annual cost to the
veal industry would range between $2,368 and $161,405.
 The expected benefits of this proposed rule are not quantifiable.
However, the proposed rule will ensure the humane disposition of the
non-ambulatory disabled veal calves. It will also increase the
efficiency and effective implementation of inspection and humane
handling requirements at official establishments.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Dr. Daniel L. Engeljohn, Assistant Administrator,
Office of Policy and Program Development, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, 349-E
JWB, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 205-0495, Fax: 202 720-2025,
Email: daniel.engeljohn@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD54

USDA--FSIS

Final Rule Stage

21. Mandatory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products
Derived From Such Fish

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601
to 695); Pub. L. 110-246, sec 11016; Pub. L. 113-79, sec 12106
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR ch III, subchapter F (new).
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, Final Regulations not later than
60 days after enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79). The Agriculture Act of 2014 directs the Department to publish
final regulations not later than 60 days after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: The 2008 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 110-246, sec. 11016), amended
the Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) to make ``catfish'' a species
amenable to the FMIA and, therefore, subject to FSIS inspection. In
addition, the 2008 Farm Bill gave FSIS the authority to define the term
``catfish.'' On February 24, 2011, FSIS published a proposed rule that
outlined a mandatory catfish inspection program and presented two
options for defining ``catfish.'' The 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79,
sec. 12106), amended the FMIA to remove the term ``catfish'' and to
make ``all fish of the order Siluriformes'' subject to FSIS
jurisdiction and inspection. As a result, FSIS inspection of
Siluriformes is mandated by law and non-discretionary.
 Statement of Need: The 2008 and 2014 Farm Bills amended the Federal
Meat Inspection Act, making all fish of the order Siluriformes amenable
species to the FMIA, requiring FSIS inspection.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695, Public Law 110-246,
section 11016, Public Law 113-79, section 12106.
 Alternatives: The option of no rulemaking is unavailable.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FSIS anticipates benefits from
uniform standards and the more extensive and intensive inspection
service it will provide. The requirements for imported Siluriformes
will be equivalent to those applied to domestically raised and
processed fish of this type.
 Risks: In the final rule, the Agency will consider any risks to
public health or other pertinent risks associated with the production,
processing, and distribution of catfish and catfish products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/24/11 76 FR 10434
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Dr. Daniel L. Engeljohn, Assistant Administrator,
Office of Policy and Program Development, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, 349-E
JWB, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 205-0495, Fax: 202 720-2025,
Email: daniel.engeljohn@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD36

USDA--FSIS

22. Electronic Export Application and Certification as a Reimbursable
Service and Flexibility in the Requirements for Official Export
Inspection Marks, Devices, and Certificates

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601
to 695); Poultry Products Inspection Act (PPIA) (21 U.S.C. 451 to 470);
Egg Products Inspection Act (EPIA) (21 U.S.C. 1031 to 1056);
Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) (7 U.S.C. 1622(h)
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 312.8; 9 CFR 322.1 and 322.2; 9 CFR 350.7; 9
CFR 362.5; 9 CFR 381.104 to 381.106; 9 CFR 590.407; 9 CFR 592.20 and
592.500.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS is developing final regulations to amend the meat,
poultry, and egg product inspection regulations to provide for an
electronic export application and certification system. The electronic
export application and certification system will be a component of the
Agency's Public Health Information System (PHIS). The export component
of PHIS will be available as an alternative to the paper-based
application and certification process. FSIS intends to charge users for
the use of the system. FSIS is establishing a formula for calculating
the fee. FSIS is also providing establishments that export meat,
poultry, and egg products with flexibility in the official export
inspection marks, devices, and certificates. In addition, FSIS is
amending the egg product export regulations to parallel the meat and
poultry export regulations.
 Statement of Need: These regulations will facilitate the electronic
processing of export applications and certificates through the Public
Health Information System (PHIS), a computerized, Web-based inspection
information system. This rule will provide the electronic export system
as a reimbursable certification service charged to the exporter.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695; 21 U.S.C. 451 to 470;
21 U.S.C. 1031 to 1056; 7 U.S.C. 1622(h).
 Alternatives: The electronic export applications and certification
system is being proposed as a voluntary service; therefore, exporters
have the option of continuing to use the current paper-based system.
Therefore, no alternatives were considered.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FSIS is charging exporters an
application fee for the electronic export system. Automating the export
application and certification process will facilitate the exportation
of U.S. meat, poultry, and

[[Page 76487]]

egg products by streamlining and automating the processes that are in
use, while ensuring that foreign regulatory requirements are met. The
cost to an exporter would depend on the number of electronic
applications submitted. An exporter that submits only a few
applications per year would not be likely to experience a significant
economic impact. Under this rate, inspection personnel workload will be
reduced through the elimination of the physical handling and processing
of applications and certificates. When an electronic government-to-
government system interface or data exchange is used, fraudulent
transactions, such as false alterations and reproductions, will be
significantly reduced, if not eliminated. The electronic export system
is designed to ensure authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality.
Exporters will be provided with a more efficient and effective
application and certification process. The egg product export
regulations provide the same export requirements across all products
regulated by FSIS and consistency in the export application and
certification process. The total annual paperwork burden to the egg
processing industry to fill out the paper-based export application is
approximately $32,340 per year for a total of 924 hours a year. The
average establishment burden would be 11 hours, and $385.00 per
establishment.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/23/12 77 FR 3159
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/23/12 .......................
Final Action........................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Rita Kishore, Acting Director, Import/Export
Coordinator and Policy Development Staff, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, Office
of Policy and Program Development, Room 2147, South Building,
Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-6508, Fax: 202 720-7990, Email:
rita.kishore@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD41

USDA--FSIS

23. Descriptive Designation for Needle- or Blade-Tenderized
(Mechanically Tenderized) Beef Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 317.2(e)(3).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS has proposed regulations to require the use of the
descriptive designation ``mechanically tenderized'' on the labels of
raw or partially cooked needle- or blade-tenderized beef products,
including beef products injected with marinade or solution, unless such
products are destined to be fully cooked at an official establishment.
Beef products that have been needle- or blade-tenderized are referred
to as ``mechanically tenderized'' products. This rule would require
that the product name for such beef products include the descriptive
designation ``mechanically tenderized,'' and an accurate description of
the beef component. The rule would also require that the print for all
words in the descriptive designation as the product name appear in the
same style, color, and size, and on a single-color contrasting
background. In addition, this rule would require that labels of raw and
partially-cooked needle- or blade-tenderized beef products destined for
household consumers, hotels, restaurants, or similar institutions
include validated cooking instructions stating that these products need
to be cooked to a specified minimum internal temperature, and whether
they need to be held at that minimum internal temperature for a
specified time before consumption, i.e., dwell time or rest time, to
ensure that they are thoroughly cooked.
 Statement of Need: FSIS has concluded that without proper labeling,
raw or partially cooked mechanically tenderized beef products could be
mistakenly perceived by consumers to be whole, intact muscle cuts. The
fact that a cut of beef has been needle- or blade-tenderized is a
characterizing feature of the product and, as such, a material fact
that is likely to affect consumers' purchase decisions and that should
affect their preparation of the product. FSIS has also concluded that
the addition of validated cooking instruction is necessary to ensure
that potential pathogens throughout the product are destroyed. Without
thorough cooking, pathogens that may have been introduced to the
interior of the product during the tenderization process may remain in
the product.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two options: Option 1, extend
labeling requirements to include vacuum-tumbled beef products and
enzyme-formed beef products; and Option 2, extend the proposed labeling
requirements to all needle- or blade-tenderized meat and poultry
products.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule estimated the one-
time cost to produce labels for mechanically tenderized beef at $1.05
million. The annualized cost is $140,000 at 7 percent for 10 years
($120,000 and when annualized at 3 percent for 10 years). The proposed
rule estimated an additional one-time total cost to produce labels for
mechanically tenderized beef at $1.57 million or $209,000 when
annualized at 7 percent for 10 years ($179,000 when annualized at 3
percent for 10 years), if this proposed rule becomes final before the
added-solution rule is finalized. The proposed rule estimated the
expected number of E. coli O157:H7 illnesses prevented would be 453 per
year, with a range of 133 to 1,497, if the predicted percentages of
beef steaks and roasts are cooked to an internal temperature of 160
[deg]F (or 145 [deg]F and 3 minutes of dwell time). These prevented
illnesses amount to $1,486,000 per year in benefits with a range of
$436,000 to $4,912,000. Therefore, the expected annualized net benefits
are $296,000 to $4,772,000, with a primary estimate of $1,346,000. If,
however, this rule is in effect before the added solutions rule, the
expected annualized net benefits are then $1,137,000, with a range of
$87,000 to $4,563,000, plus the unquantifiable benefits of increased
consumer information and market efficiency, minus an unquantified
consumer surplus loss and an unquantified cost associated with food
service establishments changing their standard operating procedures.
 Risks: FSIS estimates that approximately 1,965 illnesses annually
are attributed to mechanically tenderized beef, either with or without
added solutions. If all the servings are cooked to a minimum of 160
degrees F then the number of illnesses drops to 78. This number of
illnesses is due to a data set for all STEC and not just O157 data.
FSIS estimates that 1,887 out of 1,965 would be prevented annually if
mechanically tenderized meat were cooked to 160 degrees F.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34589
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/09/13 .......................

[[Page 76488]]


NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48631
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 12/03/13 78 FR 72597
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Rosalyn Murphy-Jenkins, Director, Labeling and
Program Delivery Staff (LPDS), Department of Agriculture, Food Safety
and Inspection Service, Office of Policy and Program Development,
Patriots Plaza 3, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 8-148, Mailstop
5273, Washington, DC 20250-5273, Phone: 301 504-0879, Fax: 202 245-
4792, Email: rosalyn.murphy-jenkins@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD45

USDA--FSIS

24. Record To Be Kept by Official Establishments and Retail Stores That
Grind Raw Beef Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 320.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS proposed to amend its recordkeeping regulations to
specify that all official establishments and retail stores that grind
raw beef products for sale in commerce must keep records that disclose
the identity of the supplier of all source materials that they use in
the preparation of each lot of raw ground product, and identify the
names of those source materials.
 Statement of Need: Under the authority of the Federal Meat
Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and its implementing
regulations, FSIS investigates complaints and reports of consumer
foodborne illness possibly associated with FSIS-regulated meat
products. Many such investigations into consumer foodborne illnesses
involve those caused by the consumption of raw beef ground, by official
establishments or retail stores. FSIS investigators and public health
officials frequently use records kept by all levels of the food
distribution chain, including the retail level, to identify and
traceback product that is the source of the illness to the suppliers
that produced the source material for the product. The Agency, however,
has often been thwarted in its effort to traceback ground beef
products, some associated with consumer illness, to the suppliers that
provided source materials for the products. In some situations,
official establishments and retail stores have not kept records
necessary to allow traceback and traceforward activities to occur.
Without such necessary records, FSIS's ability to conduct timely and
effective consumer foodborne illness investigations and other public
health activities throughout the stream of commerce is also affected,
thereby placing the consuming public at risk. Therefore, for FSIS to be
able to conduct traceback and traceforward investigations, foodborne
illnesses investigations, or to monitor product recalls, the records
kept by official establishments and retail stores that grind raw beef
products must disclose the identity of the supplier and the names of
the sources of all materials that they use in the preparation of each
lot of raw ground beef product.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under 21 U.S.C. 642, official
establishments and retail stores that grind raw beef products for sale
in commerce are persons, firms, or corporations that must keep such
records and correctly disclose all transactions involved in their
businesses subject to the Act. This is because they engage in the
business of preparing products of an amenable species for use as human
food, and they engage in the business of buying or selling (as meat
brokers, wholesalers or otherwise) in commerce products of carcasses of
an amenable species. These businesses must also provide access to, and
inspection of, these records by FSIS personnel. Further, under 9 CFR
320.1(a), every person, firm, or corporation required by section 642 of
the FMIA to keep records must keep those records that will fully and
correctly disclose all transactions involved in his or its business
subject to the Act. Records specifically required to be kept under
section 320.1(b) include, but are not limited to, bills of sale;
invoices; bills of lading; and receiving and shipping papers. With
respect to each transaction, the records must provide the name or
description of the livestock or article; the net weight of the
livestock or article; the number of outside containers; the name and
address of the buyer or seller of the livestock or animal; and the date
and method of shipment.
 Alternatives: FSIS considered two alternatives to the proposed
requirements: The status quo and a voluntary recordkeeping program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs occur because about 76,093
retail stores and official establishments will need to develop and
maintain records, and make those records available for the Agency's
review. Using the best available data, FSIS believes that industry
recordkeeping costs would be approximately $1.46 million. Agency costs
of approximately $0.01 million would result from record reviews at
official establishments and retail stores, as well as travel time to
and from retail stores. Annual benefits from this rule come from
estimated averted Shiga toxin-producing E.coli illnesses and averted
cases of Salmonellosis. Non-monetized benefits will accrue to industry
due to an expected smaller volume of recalls, given everything else
being equal, and due to the reduced industry vulnerability to
reputation-damaging food safety events. Avoiding loss of business
reputation is an indirect benefit. The Government will benefit in that
the rule will enable it to operate in a more efficient manner in
identifying and tracking recalls of adulterated raw ground beef
products. Consumers will benefit from a reduction in foodborne
illnesses due to quicker recalls, correction of process failures at
establishments producing ground beef, and improved guidance and
industry practices.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/22/14 79 FR 42464
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/22/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Victoria Levine, Program Analyst, Issuances Staff
(IS), Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspection Service,
Office of Policy and Program Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 6079, South Building, Washington, DC 20250-3700, Phone: 202 720-
5627, Fax: 202 690-0486, Email: victoria.levine@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD46

USDA--FOREST SERVICE (FS)

Final Rule Stage

25. Forest Service Manual 2020--Ecological Restoration and Resilience
Policy

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: FSM 2020
 CFR Citation: None.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This policy establishes a common definition for
ecological restoration and resilience that is

[[Page 76489]]

consistent with the 2012 Land Planning rule. The directive provides
additional guidance in implementing the definition throughout Forest
Service program areas by incorporating it into the Forest Service
Manual. Restoration objectives span a number of initiatives in various
program areas, including the invasive species strategy; recovery of
areas affected by high-severity fires, hurricanes, and other
catastrophic disturbances; fish habitat restoration and remediation;
riparian area restoration; conservation of threatened and endangered
species; and restoration of impaired watersheds and large-scale
watershed restoration projects. The restoration policy allows agency
employees to more effectively communicate Forest Service work in
meeting restoration needs at the local, regional, and national levels.
Currently an internal Forest Service interim policy for this final
directive has been implemented in the field units, without any issues.
This final directive brings the Forest Service policy into alignment
with current ecological restoration science and with congressional and
Forest Service authorizations and initiatives.
 Statement of Need: There is a critical need for ecological
restoration on National Forest System lands and the concept of
restoration is threaded throughout existing agency authorities and
collaborative efforts such as the National Fire Plan. However, without
a definition in Forest Services' Directive System there has not been
consistent interpretation and application. This established policy was
necessary for consistency and for the landscape to better weather
disturbances, especially under future environmental conditions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Forest Service amended the Forest
Service Manual (FSM) to add a new title: FSM 2020 Ecological
Restoration and Resilience. This final directive reinforced adaptive
management, use of science, and collaboration in planning and decision
making. These foundational land management policies, including use of
restoration to achieve desired conditions, underwent formal public
review during revision of the Planning Rule (36 CFR 219) and amendment
of associated directives (FSM 1900, 1920).
 Alternatives: No alternatives were considered as an established
policy is necessary for agency consistency.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This final directive had no monetary
effect to the agency or the public. The final directive helped agency
employees and partners to more effectively communicate restoration
needs and accomplishments at the local, regional, and national levels.
 Risks: There is no risk identified with this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Directive.................. 09/12/13 78 FR 56202
Proposed Directive Comment Period 11/12/13 .......................
 End.
Final Directive..................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: LaRenda C. King, Assistant Director, Directives and
Regulations, Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, ATTN: ORMS, D&R
Branch, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0003, Phone:
202 205-6560, Email: larendacking@fs.fed.us
 RIN: 0596-AC82

USDA--FS

26. Land Management Planning Rule Policy

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 302; 16 U.S.C. 1604; 16 U.S.C. 1613
 CFR Citation: 36 CFR 219.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Forest Service issued proposed planning directives on
February 27, 2013 (RIN # 0596-AD06), which would provide guidance to
agency staff on implementation of the recently revised land management
planning regulation at 36 CFR 219 (RIN 0596-AC94) (the ``2012 Planning
Rule''), which was effective May 9, 2012. A 60-day period, extended for
an additional 15 days, for the public to comment on the proposed
directives concluded on May 24, 2013. The proposed directives have been
revised, based on public comment, and the agency seeks to publish a
Notice of Availability of the final Directives.
 The National Forest Management Act (NFMA) requires that the Forest
Service develop land management plans for each unit of the National
Forest System, and the agency maintain regulations (Planning Rule) that
guide the development and content of such plans. In addition to formal
regulations, the agency uses its system of directives to provide more
detailed guidance on how to meet the requirements of the Planning Rule.
 Statement of Need: The existing direction in the Forest Service
Manual 1920 and the Forest Service Handbook 1909.12 regarding Land
Management Planning needs to be updated to support implementation of
the 2012 Planning Rule (36 CFR 219). This brings the planning
directives in line with the new planning rule and clarifies substantive
and procedural requirements to implement the rule. The updated
directives implements a planning framework that fosters collaboration
with the public during land management planning, and is science-based,
responsive to change, and promotes social, economic, and ecological
sustainability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Forest Service promulgated a new land
management planning regulation at 36 CFR 219 (the ``2012 Planning
Rule''). The final Planning rule and record of decision was published
on April 9, 2012 (77 FR 21162).
 Alternatives: The Forest Service finalized the directives to bring
the Forest Services' internal directives in-line with the CFR.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: No new costs to the agency or the
public are associated with these directives. The amended directives
results in more effective and efficient planning within the Agency's
capability.
 Risks: There are no risks to the public or to the Forest Service
associated with this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Directive.................. 02/27/13 78 FR 13316
Comment Period End.................. 04/29/13 .......................
Final Directive..................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: LaRenda C. King, Assistant Director, Directives and
Regulations, Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, ATTN: ORMS, D&R
Branch, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0003, Phone:
202 205-6560, Email: larendacking@fs.fed.us
 RIN: 0596-AD06

USDA--Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS)

Final Rule Stage

27. Rural Energy for America Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.

[[Page 76490]]

Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 8107
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4280-B.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Agency published a proposed rule for the Rural Energy
for America Program (REAP) on April 12, 2013 (78 FR 22044). The agency
is authorized under section 9007 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014) to provide
grants for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance;
grants for renewable energy system feasibility studies; and financial
assistance for energy efficiency improvements and renewable energy
systems. The 2014 Farm Bill directs that at least 20 percent of funds
be used for grants of $20,000 or less, and up to 4 percent of mandatory
funds for energy audits and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. Eligible entities for energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance include units of State, tribal, or local
government; an instrumentality of a State, tribal, or local government;
land grant or other institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; RCID Councils or public power entities. Eligible entities
for financial assistance for energy efficiency improvements and
renewable energy systems include agricultural producers and rural small
businesses. The agency identified REAP as one of the Department's
periodic retrospective review of regulations under Executive Order
13563, and has proposed a tiered application approach that reduces
applicant burden for technical reports and streamlines the narrative
portion of the application.
 Statement of Need: The agency needs to incorporate amendments from
the Agricultural Act of 2014. Prior to the Agricultural Act of 2014,
the agency modified the program to reduce the applicant burden and
improve program delivery. In order to make these changes to 7 CFR 4280,
subpart B, a final rule needs to be published.
 Summary of Legal Basis: REAP was authorized by the 2002 Farm Bill,
and continued by the 2014 Farm Bill which made available $50,000,000 in
mandatory funding for 2014, and each year thereafter through 2018, and
authorized for appropriations $20,000,000 in discretionary funding for
each fiscal year 2014 through 2018. The program provides for grants and
guaranteed loans for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements, and grants for energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance. The purpose of the program is to reduce the
energy consumption and increase renewable energy production.
 Alternatives: The alternatives are to: (1) Continue operating the
program under the 7 CFR 4280, subpart B as it currently is written; (2)
revise 7 CFR 4280, subpart B based on public comments received on the
interim rule and issue a final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits of the rule may include a
reduction in energy consumption, an increase in renewable energy
production and reduced burden for certain loan and grant applications.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/14/11 76 FR 21109
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/14/11 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 06/13/11 .......................
 End.
NPRM................................ 04/12/13 78 FR 22044
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, Department of
Agriculture, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, STOP 3225, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3225, Phone: 202 720-
6819, Fax: 202 720-2213, Email: kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA76

USDA--RBS

28. Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4287; 7 CFR 4279.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Agency published a proposed rule for the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program on September 15, 2014 (78 FR 22044),
which, when finalized, would revise the 1996 B&I regulations. While
there have been some minor modifications to the B&I Guaranteed Loan
Program regulations since 1996, this action is in response to the
implement 2014 Farm Bill provisions and makes needed refinements to the
regulation. These changes are design to enhance the program, improve
efficiency, correct minor inconsistencies, clarify the regulations, and
ultimately reduce delinquencies. The Agency held several lender
meetings throughout the country to see how changes to the program could
benefit lenders who utilize the program. The proposed changes being
considered may result in a lower the subsidy rate. The rule, when
finalized, is intended to increase lending activity, expand business
opportunities, and create more jobs in rural areas, particularly in
areas that have historically experienced economic distress.
 Statement of Need: With the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill, there is
the need to conform certain portions of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program
regulations with requirements found in the 2014 Farm Bill, such as the
addition of cooperative equity security guarantees, the locally and
regionally grown agricultural food products initiative, and exceptions
to the rural area definition. In addition, with the passage of time,
the Agency proposed revisions intended to improve program delivery and
administration, leverage program resources, better align the regulation
with the program's goals and purposes, clarify the regulations, and
reduce delinquencies and defaults. These proposed revisions may also
improve program subsidy costs. A reduction in program subsidy costs may
increase funding availability for additional projects, further
improving the economic conditions of rural America. This may result in
increased lending activity, the expansion of business opportunities,
and the creation of more jobs in rural areas.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, as amended by the 2008 and 2014 Farm Bill.
 Alternatives: The only alternative would be the status quo, which
is not an acceptable alternative.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
include a possible reduction in loan losses, a lower subsidy rate, and
streamline program delivery. The program changes have a cumulative
effect of lowering the program cost; however, the amount of the change
in cost cannot be estimated with any reasonable precision.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Rule....................... 09/15/14 79 FR 55316
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76491]]

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Brenda Griffin, Loan Specialist, B&I Processing
Division, Department of Agriculture, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202
720-6802, Fax: 202 720-6003, Email: brenda.griffin@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA85

USDA--RBS

29. Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 8103
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4279 subpart C; 7 CFR 4287 subpart D.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Biorefinery Assistance Program was authorized under
the 2008 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the authority
established by the 2008 Farm Bill but made changes to the program that
require revisions to existing regulations. The 2014 Farm Bill changed
the program's name to the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manufacturing Assistance Program and mandated that the program
provide loan guarantees for the development, construction, and
retrofitting of commercial-scale biorefineries as well as biobased
product manufacturing facilities. Increasing production of homegrown
renewable fuels, chemicals, and biobased products has grown; so has the
need to develop and produce them. Rural Business--Cooperative Service
(RBS) offers opportunities to producers to develop and manufacture such
products through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manfacturing Assistance Program. RBS published the Biorefinery
Assistance Program proposed rule in the Federal Register on April 18,
2010, (75 FR 20044) and an interim rule on February 14, 2011, both with
60-day comment periods. Comments were received from biofuel and bio-
products producers, banking and investment institutions, attorneys, and
research and development companies. In addition to the program changes
required by the 2014 Farm Bill, RBS needs to address the comments
received to the February 14, 2011, interim rule. The Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program focuses on accelerating the commercialization of production of
advanced biofuels and renewable chemicals, as well as biobased product
manufacturing.
 Statement of Need: The 2014 Farm Bill made changes to the program
that require revisions to the program rule, and RBS needs to address
the comments received on the interim rule published on February 14,
2011.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Biorefinery Assistance Program was
authorized under the 2008 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the
authority and provides $100 million for the program in fiscal year 2014
and $50 million in both fiscal years 2015 and 2016, of which not more
than 15 percent can be used for Biobased Product Manufacturing.
 Alternatives: The alternatives are: (1) Implement the Section 9003
provisions of the Farm Bill immediately through publishing a subsequent
interim rule. This alternative will require the Department to exercise
the Hardin memo exemption to implement the Farm Bill amendments;
however, it will also enable Rural Development to respond to the
comments received to the interim rule published in 2011 and incorporate
updates into the subsequent interim rule. Option 1 is the agency's
preferred alternative. (2) Implement the Section 9003 Farm Bill
provisions immediately by publishing a final rule. This alternative
will also require the Department to exercise the Hardin memo exemption
the Farm Bill amendments; however, this alternative precludes
stakeholder and public comment to the new rule. (3) Implement the
Section 9003 Farm Bill provisions by publishing a proposed rule. This
alternative is the Department's traditional rulemaking process and
enables public comment, but would delay implementation of the program
and utilization of funding into fiscal year 2015 (or beyond) and may
increase the risk of a rescission of fiscal year 2014 funds.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits include increase in
renewable energy/advance biofuel, renewable chemical, and biobased
manufacturing.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 03/00/15 .......................
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/00/15 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 05/00/15 .......................
 End.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Todd Hubbell, Loan Specialist, Specialty Lenders
Division, Department of Agriculture, Rural Business--Cooperative
Service, STOP 3225, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-
3225, Phone: 202 690-2516, Email: todd.hubbell@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA93

USDA--NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE (NRCS)

Final Rule Stage

30. Agricultural Conservation Easement Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-79
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, November 4, 2014, 270 days from
enactment of Public Law 113-79.
 Abstract: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act) consolidated
the Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection
Program (FRPP), and the Grassland Reserve Program (GRP) into a single
Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP). The consolidated
easement program has two components--an agricultural land easement
component and a wetland reserve easement component. The agricultural
land easement component is patterned after the former FRPP with GRP's
land eligibility components merged into it. The wetland reserve
easement component is patterned after WRP. Land previously enrolled in
the three contributing programs is considered enrolled in the new ACEP.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Act)
consolidated several of the Title XII (of the Food Security Act of
1985) conservation easement programs and provided for the continued
operations of former programs. NRCS is promulgating a consolidated
conservation easement regulation to reflect the 2014 Act's
consolidation of the WRP, FRPP, and GRP programs.
 Summary of Legal Basis: NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to
implement

[[Page 76492]]

the consolidated conservation easement program. This regulation action
is pursuant to section 1246 of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended by the 2014 Act, which requires regulations necessary to
implement Title II of the 2014 Act through an interim rule with request
for comments.
 Alternatives: NRCS determined that rulemaking was the appropriate
mechanism through which to implement the 2014 Act consolidation of the
three source conservation easement programs. Additionally, NRCS
determined that the Agency needs standard criteria for implementing the
program and program participants need predictability when initiating an
application and conveying an easement. The regulation aims to establish
a comprehensive framework for working with program participants to
implement ACEP. Upon consideration of public comment, NRCS will
promulgate final program regulations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The 2014 Act has consolidated three
conservation easement programs into a single conservation easement
program with two components. The program will be implemented under the
general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who is a Vice
President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC). Through ACEP, NRCS
will continue to purchase wetland reserve easements directly and will
contribute funds to eligible entities for their purchase of
agricultural land easements that protect working farm and grazing
lands. Participation in the program is voluntary.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides an opportunity for public comment in program
regulations.
 Provides a regulatory framework for NRCS to implement a
consolidated conservation easement program.
 Provides transparency to the public potential applicants
on NRCS program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation are:
 The costs incurred by private landowners are negative or
zero since this is a voluntary program and they are compensated for the
rights that they transfer.
 Other costs incurred by society through market changes are
localized or negligible.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA61

USDA--NRCS

31. Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) Interim
Rule

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 714b and 714c; 16 U.S.C. 3839AA-3839-8
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1466.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, November 4, 2014, 270 days from
enactment of Public Law 113-79.
 Abstract: NRCS promulgated the current EQIP regulation on January
15, 2009 through an interim rule. The interim rule incorporated
programmatic changes authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (the 2008 Act). NRCS published a correction to the interim
rule on March 12, 2009, and an amendment to the interim rule on May 29,
2009. NRCS has implemented EQIP in FY 2009 through FY 2013 under the
current regulation. The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Act) amended
Chapter 4 of Subtitle D of Title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985
by making the following changes to EQIP program requirements: (1)
Eliminates requirement that contract must remain in place for a minimum
of 1 year after last practice implemented, but keeps requirement that
the contract term is not to exceed 10 years, (2) Consolidates elements
of Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP), and repeals WHIP
authority, (3) Replaces rolling 6-year payment limitation with payment
limitation for FY 2014-FY 2018, 4) Requires Conservation Innovation
Grants (CIG) reporting no later than December 31, 2014 and every 2
years thereafter, (4) Establishes payment limitation established at
$450,000 and eliminates waiver authority, (5) Modifies the special rule
for foregone income payments for certain associated management
practices and resource concern priorities, (6) Makes advance payments
are available up to 50 percent for eligible historically underserved
participants to purchase material or contract services instead of the
previous 30 percent, (7) Provides flexibility for repayment of advance
payment if not expended within 90 days, and (8) Requires that for each
fiscal year from of the FY 2014 to FY 2018, at least five percent of
available EQIP funds shall be targeted for wildlife related
conservation practices. The 2014 Act further identifies EQIP as a
contributing program authorized to accomplish the purposes of the
Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) (Subtitle I of Title
XII of the Food Security Act of 1985, as amended). RCPP replaces the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program (AWEP), Chesapeake Bay Watershed
Program (CBWP), Cooperative Conservation Partnership Initiative (CCPI),
and the Great Lakes Basin Program for soil erosion and sediment
control. Like the programs it replaces, RCPP will operate through
regulations in place for contributing programs. The other contributing
programs include the Conservation Stewardship Program, the Healthy
Forests Reserve Program, and the new Agricultural Conservation Easement
Program (ACEP). NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to incorporate
the 2014 Act changes to EQIP program administration. This regulation
action is pursuant to Section 1246 of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended by section 2608 of the 2014 Act, which requires regulations
necessary to implement Title II of the 2014 Act be promulgated through
the interim rule process.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act)
consolidated several of the Title XII conservation programs and
provided for the continued operations of former programs. NRCS is
updating the EQIP regulation to incorporate the 2014 Act changes,
including consolidation of the purposes formerly addressed through the
Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The 2014 Act has reauthorized and amended
the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). EQIP was first
added to the Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3801 et
seq.) by the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996
(1996 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3839aa). The program is implemented under the
general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who is a Vice
President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC).
 Alternatives: NRCS considered only making the changes mandated by
the 2014 Farm Bill. This alternative would have missed opportunities to
improve the implementation of the program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Through EQIP, NRCS provides
assistance to farmers and ranchers to

[[Page 76493]]

conserve and enhance soil, water, air, and related natural resources on
their land. Eligible lands include cropland, grassland, rangeland,
pasture, wetlands, nonindustrial private forest land, and other
agricultural land on which agricultural or forest-related products, or
livestock are produced and natural resource concerns may be addressed.
Participation in the program is voluntary.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides continued consistency for the NRCS to implement
EQIP.
 Provides transparency to potential applicants on NRCS
program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation:
 All program participants must follow the same
requirements, even though they are very different types of agricultural
operations in different resource contexts.
 Most program participants are required to contribute at
least 25 percent of the resources needed to implement program
practices. However, such costs are standard for such financial
assistance programs.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 11/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA62

USDA--NRCS

32. Conservation Stewardship Program Interim Rule

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 3838d to 3838g.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1470.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to incorporate the
2014 Act changes to Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) program
administration. This regulation action is pursuant to Section 1246 of
the Food Security Act of 1985, as amended by the 2014 Act, which
requires regulations necessary to implement Title II of the 2014 Act
through an interim rule with request for comments. Background: The
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 Act (2008 Act) amended the
Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) to establish CSP and authorize the
program in fiscal years 2009 through 2013. The Agriculture Act of 2014
(the 2014 Act) re-authorizes and revises CSP. The purpose of CSP is to
encourage producers to address priority resource concerns and improve
and conserve the quality and condition of the natural resources in a
comprehensive manner by: (1) Undertaking additional conservation
activities; and (2) improving, maintaining, and managing existing
conservation activities. The Secretary of Agriculture delegated
authority to the Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS),
to administer CSP. Through CSP, NRCS provides financial and technical
assistance to eligible producers to conserve and enhance soil, water,
air, and related natural resources on their land. Eligible lands
include private or tribal cropland, grassland, pastureland, rangeland,
non-industrial private forest lands and other land in agricultural
areas (including cropped woodland, marshes, and agricultural land or
capable of being used for the production of livestock) on which
resource concerns related to agricultural production could be
addressed. Participation in the program is voluntary. CSP encourages
land stewards to improve their conservation performance by installing
and adopting additional activities, and improving, maintaining, and
managing existing activities on eligible land. NRCS makes funding for
CSP available nationwide on a continuous application basis.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act)
amended several of the Title XII conservation programs and provided for
the continued operations of former programs. NRCS is updating the CSP
regulation to incorporate the 2014 Act changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The 2014 Act has reauthorized and amended
the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP). CSP was first added to the
Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) by the
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008. The program is implemented
under the general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who
is a Vice President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC).
 Alternatives: NRCS considered only making the changes mandated by
the 2014 Farm Bill. This alternative would have missed opportunities to
improve the implementation of the program. NRCS would consider
alternatives suggested during the public comment period.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CSP is a voluntary program that
encourages agricultural and forestry producers to address priority
resource concerns by: (1) Undertaking additional conservation
activities, and (2) improving and maintaining existing conservation
systems. CSP provides financial and technical assistance to help land
stewards conserve and enhance soil, water, air, and related natural
resources on their land.
 CSP is available to all producers, regardless of operation size or
crops produced, in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the
Caribbean and Pacific Island areas. Eligible lands include cropland,
grassland, prairie land, improved pastureland, rangeland, nonindustrial
private forest land, and agricultural land under the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe. Applicants may include individuals, legal entities, joint
operations, or Indian tribes.
 CSP pays participants for conservation performance the higher the
performance, the higher the payment. It provides two possible types of
payments. An annual payment is available for installing new
conservation activities and maintaining existing practices. A
supplemental payment is available to participants who also adopt a
resource conserving crop rotation.
 Through five-year contracts, NRCS makes payments as soon as
practical after October 1 of each fiscal year for contract activities
installed and maintained in the previous year. A person or legal entity
may have more than one CSP contract but, for all CSP contracts
combined, may not receive more than $40,000 in any year or more than
$200,000 during any five-year period.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides continued consistency for the NRCS to implement
CSP.
 Provides transparency to potential applicants on NRCS
program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation are that all program
participants must follow the same basic programmatic requirements, even
though they are very different types of agricultural operations in
different resource contexts.
 The 2014 Act further identifies CSP as a contributing program
authorized to accomplish the purposes of the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program

[[Page 76494]]

(RCPP) (subtitle I of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended). RCPP replaces the Agricultural Water Enhancement Program
(AWEP), Chesapeake Bay Watershed Program (CBWP), Cooperative
Conservation Partnership Initiative (CCPI), and the Great Lakes Basin
Program for soil erosion and sediment control. Like the programs it
replaces, RCPP will operate through regulations in place for
contributing programs. The other contributing programs include the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program, the Healthy Forests Reserve
Program, and the new Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP).
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 11/05/14 79 FR 65835
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 11/05/14 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 01/05/15 .......................
 End.
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA63
BILLING CODE 3410-90-S

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE (DOC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

Established in 1903, the Department of Commerce (Commerce) is one
of the oldest Cabinet-level agencies in the Federal Government.
Commerce's mission is to create the conditions for economic growth and
opportunity by promoting innovation, entrepreneurship, competitiveness,
and environmental stewardship. Commerce has 12 operating units, which
are responsible for managing a diverse portfolio of programs and
services, ranging from trade promotion and economic development
assistance to broadband and the National Weather Service.
 Commerce touches Americans daily, in many ways--making possible the
daily weather reports and survey research; facilitating technology that
all of us use in the workplace and in the home each day; supporting the
development, gathering, and transmission of information essential to
competitive business; enabling the diversity of companies and goods
found in America's and the world's marketplace; and supporting
environmental and economic health for the communities in which
Americans live.
 Commerce has a clear and compelling vision for itself, for its role
in the Federal Government, and for its roles supporting the American
people, now and in the future. To achieve this vision, Commerce works
in partnership with businesses, universities, communities, and workers
to:
 Innovate by creating new ideas through cutting-edge
science and technology from advances in nanotechnology, to ocean
exploration, to broadband deployment, and by protecting American
innovations through the patent and trademark system;
 Support entrepreneurship and commercialization by enabling
community development and strengthening minority businesses and small
manufacturers;
 Maintain U.S. economic competitiveness in the global
marketplace by promoting exports, ensuring a level playing field for
U.S. businesses, and ensuring that technology transfer is consistent
with our nation's economic and security interests;
 Provide effective management and stewardship of our
nation's resources and assets to ensure sustainable economic
opportunities; and
 Make informed policy decisions and enable better
understanding of the economy by providing accurate economic and
demographic data.
 Commerce is a vital resource base, a tireless advocate, and
Cabinet-level voice for job creation.
 The Regulatory Plan tracks the most important regulations that
implement these policy and program priorities, several of which involve
regulation of the private sector by Commerce.

Responding to the Administration's Regulatory Philosophy and Principles

The vast majority of the Commerce's programs and activities do not
involve regulation. Of Commerce's 12 primary operating units, only the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) will be planning
actions that are considered the ``most important'' significant
preregulatory or regulatory actions for FY 2015. During the next year,
NOAA plans to publish five rulemaking actions that are designated as
Regulatory Plan actions. The Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) may
also publish rulemaking actions designated as Regulatory Plan actions.
Further information on these actions is provided below.
 Commerce has a long-standing policy to prohibit the issuance of any
regulation that discriminates on the basis of race, religion, gender,
or any other suspect category and requires that all regulations be
written so as to be understandable to those affected by them. The
Secretary also requires that Commerce afford the public the maximum
possible opportunity to participate in Departmental rulemakings, even
where public participation is not required by law.

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

NOAA establishes and administers Federal policy for the
conservation and management of the Nation's oceanic, coastal, and
atmospheric resources. It provides a variety of essential environmental
and climate services vital to public safety and to the Nation's
economy, such as weather forecasts, drought forecasts, and storm
warnings. It is a source of objective information on the state of the
environment. NOAA plays the lead role in achieving Commerce's goal of
promoting stewardship by providing assessments of the global
environment.
 Recognizing that economic growth must go hand-in-hand with
environmental stewardship, Commerce, through NOAA, conducts programs
designed to provide a better understanding of the connections between
environmental health, economics, and national security. Commerce's
emphasis on ``sustainable fisheries'' is designed to boost long-term
economic growth in a vital sector of the U.S. economy while conserving
the resources in the public trust and minimizing any economic
dislocation necessary to ensure long-term economic growth. Commerce is
where business and environmental interests intersect, and the classic
debate on the use of natural resources is transformed into a ``win-
win'' situation for the environment and the economy.
 Three of NOAA's major components, the National Marine Fisheries
Services (NMFS), the National Ocean Service (NOS), and the National
Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS),
exercise regulatory authority.
 NMFS oversees the management and conservation of the Nation's
marine

[[Page 76495]]

fisheries, protects threatened and endangered marine and anadromous
species and marine mammals, and promotes economic development of the
U.S. fishing industry. NOS assists the coastal States in their
management of land and ocean resources in their coastal zones,
including estuarine research reserves; manages the national marine
sanctuaries; monitors marine pollution; and directs the national
program for deep-seabed minerals and ocean thermal energy. NESDIS
administers the civilian weather satellite program and licenses private
organizations to operate commercial land-remote sensing satellite
systems.
 Commerce, through NOAA, has a unique role in promoting stewardship
of the global environment through effective management of the Nation's
marine and coastal resources and in monitoring and predicting changes
in the Earth's environment, thus linking trade, development, and
technology with environmental issues. NOAA has the primary Federal
responsibility for providing sound scientific observations,
assessments, and forecasts of environmental phenomena on which resource
management, adaptation, and other societal decisions can be made.
 In the environmental stewardship area, NOAA's goals include:
Rebuilding and maintaining strong U.S. fisheries by using market-based
tools and ecosystem approaches to management; increasing the
populations of depleted, threatened, or endangered species and marine
mammals by implementing recovery plans that provide for their recovery
while still allowing for economic and recreational opportunities;
promoting healthy coastal ecosystems by ensuring that economic
development is managed in ways that maintain biodiversity and long-term
productivity for sustained use; and modernizing navigation and
positioning services. In the environmental assessment and prediction
area, goals include: Understanding climate change science and impacts,
and communicating that understanding to government and private sector
stakeholders enabling them to adapt; continually improving the National
Weather Service; implementing reliable seasonal and interannual climate
forecasts to guide economic planning; providing science-based policy
advice on options to deal with very long-term (decadal to centennial)
changes in the environment; and advancing and improving short-term
warning and forecast services for the entire environment.
Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act
 Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-
Stevens Act) rulemakings concern the conservation and management of
fishery resources in the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone (generally 3-200
nautical miles). Among the several hundred rulemakings that NOAA plans
to issue in FY 2015, a number of the preregulatory and regulatory
actions will be significant. The exact number of such rulemakings is
unknown, since they are usually initiated by the actions of eight
regional Fishery Management Councils (FMCs) that are responsible for
preparing fishery management plans (FMPs) and FMP amendments, and for
drafting implementing regulations for each managed fishery. NOAA issues
regulations to implement FMPs and FMP amendments. Once a rulemaking is
triggered by an FMC, the Magnuson-Stevens Act places stringent
deadlines upon NOAA by which it must exercise its rulemaking
responsibilities. FMPs and FMP amendments for Atlantic highly migratory
species, such as bluefin tuna, swordfish, and sharks, are developed
directly by NOAA, not by FMCs.
 FMPs address a variety of issues including maximizing fishing
opportunities on healthy stocks, rebuilding overfished stocks, and
addressing gear conflicts. One of the problems that FMPs may address is
preventing overcapitalization (preventing excess fishing capacity) of
fisheries. This may be resolved by market-based systems such as catch
shares, which permit shareholders to harvest a quantity of fish and
which can be traded on the open market. Harvest limits based on the
best available scientific information, whether as a total fishing limit
for a species in a fishery or as a share assigned to each vessel
participant, enable stressed stocks to rebuild. Other measures include
staggering fishing seasons or limiting gear types to avoid gear
conflicts on the fishing grounds and establishing seasonal and area
closures to protect fishery stocks.
 The FMCs provide a forum for public debate and, using the best
scientific information available, make the judgments needed to
determine optimum yield on a fishery-by-fishery basis. Optional
management measures are examined and selected in accordance with the
national standards set forth in the Magnuson-Stevens Act. This process,
including the selection of the preferred management measures,
constitutes the development, in simplified form, of an FMP. The FMP,
together with draft implementing regulations and supporting
documentation, is submitted to NMFS for review against the national
standards set forth in the Magnuson-Stevens Act, in other provisions of
the Act, and other applicable laws. The same process applies to
amending an existing approved FMP.
Marine Mammal Protection Act
 The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (MMPA) provides the
authority for the conservation and management of marine mammals under
U.S. jurisdiction. It expressly prohibits, with certain exceptions, the
take of marine mammals. The MMPA allows NMFS to permit the collection
of wild animals for scientific research or public display or to enhance
the survival of a species or stock. NMFS initiates rulemakings under
the MMPA to establish a management regime to reduce marine mammal
mortalities and injuries as a result of interactions with fisheries.
The MMPA also established the Marine Mammal Commission, which makes
recommendations to the Secretaries of the Departments of Commerce and
the Interior and other Federal officials on protecting and conserving
marine mammals. The Act underwent significant changes in 1994 to allow
for takings incidental to commercial fishing operations, to provide
certain exemptions for subsistence and scientific uses, and to require
the preparation of stock assessments for all marine mammal stocks in
waters under U.S. jurisdiction.
Endangered Species Act
 The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (ESA) provides for the
conservation of species that are determined to be ``endangered'' or
``threatened,'' and the conservation of the ecosystems on which these
species depend. The ESA authorizes both NMFS and the Fish and Wildlife
Service (FWS) to jointly administer the provisions of the MMPA. NMFS
manages marine and ``anadromous'' species, and FWS manages land and
freshwater species. Together, NMFS and FWS work to protect critically
imperiled species from extinction. Of the approximately 1,300 listed
species found in part or entirely in the United States and its waters,
NMFS has jurisdiction over approximately 60 species. NMFS' rulemaking
actions are focused on determining whether any species under its
responsibility is an endangered or threatened species and whether those
species must be added to the list of

[[Page 76496]]

protected species. NMFS is also responsible for designating, reviewing,
and revising critical habitat for any listed species. In addition,
under the ESA's procedural framework, Federal agencies consult with
NMFS on any proposed action authorized, funded, or carried out by that
agency that may affect one of the listed species or designated critical
habitat, or is likely to jeopardize proposed species or adversely
modify proposed critical habitat that is under NMFS' jurisdiction.
NOAA's Regulatory Plan Actions
 While most of the rulemakings undertaken by NOAA do not rise to the
level necessary to be included in Commerce's regulatory plan, NMFS is
undertaking five actions that rise to the level of ``most important''
of Commerce's significant regulatory actions and thus are included in
this year's regulatory plan. A description of the five regulatory plan
actions is provided below.
 1. Revisions to the General section and Standards 1, 3, and 7 of
the National Standard Guidelines (0648-BB92): This action would propose
revisions to the National Standard 1 (NS1) guidelines. National
Standard 1 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management
Act states that ``conservation and management measures shall prevent
overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the optimum yield
from each fishery for the United States fishing industry.'' The
National Marine Fisheries Service last revised the NS1 Guidelines in
2009 to reflect the requirements enacted by the Magnuson-Stevens
Fishery Conservation and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 for
annual catch limits and accountability measures to end and prevent
overfishing. Since 2007, the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS)
and the Regional Fishery Management Councils have been implementing the
new annual catch limit and accountability measures requirements. Based
on experience gained from implementing annual catch limits and
accountability measures, NMFS has developed new perspectives and
identified issues regarding the application of the NS1 guidelines that
may warrant them to be revised to more fully meet the intended goal of
preventing overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the
optimum yield from each fishery. The focus of this action is to improve
the NS1 guidelines.
 2. Proposed Rule To Designate Critical Habitat for North Atlantic
Right Whale (0648-AY54): The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS)
proposes to revise critical habitat for the North Atlantic right whale.
This proposal would modify the critical habitat previously designated
in 1994.
 3. Fishery Management Plan for Regulating Offshore Marine
Aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico (0648-AS65): The purpose of this
fishery management plan is to develop a regional permitting process for
regulating and promoting environmentally sound and economically
sustainable aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone.
This fishery management plan consists of ten actions, each with an
associated range of management alternatives, which would facilitate the
permitting of an estimated 5 to 20 offshore aquaculture operations in
the Gulf of Mexico over the next 10 years, with an estimated annual
production of up to 64 million pounds. By establishing a regional
permitting process for aquaculture, the Gulf of Mexico Fishery
Management Council will be positioned to achieve their primary goal of
increasing maximum sustainable yield and optimum yield of federal
fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico by supplementing harvest of wild caught
species with cultured product. This rulemaking would outline a
regulatory permitting process for aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico,
including: (1) Required permits; (2) duration of permits; (3) species
allowed; (4) designation of sites for aquaculture; (5) reporting
requirements; and (6) regulations to aid in enforcement.
 4. Requirements for Importation of Fish and Fish Products Under the
U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act (0648-AY15): With this action, the
National Marine Fisheries Service is developing procedures to implement
the provisions of section 101(a)(2) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act
for imports of fish and fish products. Those provisions require the
Secretary of Treasury to ban imports of fish and fish products from
fisheries with bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards.
The provisions further require the Secretary of Commerce to insist on
reasonable proof from exporting nations of the effects on marine
mammals of bycatch incidental to fisheries that harvest the fish and
fish products to be imported.
 5. Revised Proposed Rule To Designate Critical Habitat for the
Hawaiian Monk Seal (0648-BA81): The National Marine Fisheries Service
(NMFS) is developing a rule to designate critical habitat for the
Hawaiian monk seal in the main and Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. In
response to a 2008 petition from the Center for Biological Diversity,
Kahea, and the Ocean Conservancy to revise Hawaiian monk seal critical
habitat, NMFS published a proposed rule in June 2011 to revise Hawaiian
monk seal critical habitat by adding critical habitat in the main
Hawaiian Islands and extending critical habitat in the Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands. Proposed critical habitat includes both marine and
terrestrial habitats (e.g., foraging areas to 500 meter depth, pupping
beaches, etc.). To address public comments on the proposed rule, NOAA
Fisheries is augmenting its prior economic analysis to better describe
the anticipated costs of the designation. NOAA Fisheries is analyzing
new tracking data to assess monk seal habitat use in the main Hawaiian
Islands.
 At this time, NOAA is unable to determine the aggregate cost of the
identified Regulatory Plan actions as several of these actions are
currently under development.

Bureau of Industry and Security

The Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) advances U.S. national
security, foreign policy, and economic objectives by maintaining and
strengthening adaptable, efficient, and effective export control and
treaty compliance systems as well as by administering programs to
prioritize certain contracts to promote the national defense and to
protect and enhance the defense industrial base.
 In August 2009, the President directed a broad-based interagency
review of the U.S. export control system with the goal of strengthening
national security and the competitiveness of key U.S. manufacturing and
technology sectors by focusing on the current threats and adapting to
the changing economic and technological landscape. In August 2010, the
President outlined an approach under which agencies that administer
export controls will apply new criteria for determining what items need
to be controlled and a common set of policies for determining when an
export license is required. The control list criteria are to be based
on transparent rules, which will reduce the uncertainty faced by our
Allies, U.S. industry and its foreign customers, and will allow the
Government to erect higher walls around the most sensitive export items
in order to enhance national security.
 Under the President's approach, agencies will apply the criteria
and revise the lists of munitions and dual-use items that are
controlled for export so that they:
 Distinguish the types of items that should be subject to stricter
or more

[[Page 76497]]

permissive levels of control for different destinations, end-uses, and
end-users;
 Create a ``bright line'' between the two current control lists to
clarify jurisdictional determinations and reduce Government and
industry uncertainty about whether particular items are subject to the
control of the State Department or the Commerce Department; and
 Are structurally aligned so that they potentially can be combined
into a single list of controlled items.
 BIS' current regulatory plan action is designed to implement the
initial phase of the President's directive, which will add to BIS'
export control purview, military related items that the President
determines no longer warrant control under rules administered by the
State Department.
Major Programs and Activities
 BIS administers four sets of regulations. The Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) regulate exports and reexports to protect national
security, foreign policy, and short supply interests. The EAR also
regulates participation of U.S. persons in certain boycotts
administered by foreign Governments. The National Defense Industrial
Base Regulations provide for prioritization of certain contracts and
allocations of resources to promote the national defense, require
reporting of foreign Government-imposed offsets in defense sales, and
address the effect of imports on the defense industrial base. The
Chemical Weapons Convention Regulations implement declaration,
reporting, and on-site inspection requirements in the private sector
necessary to meet United States treaty obligations under the Chemical
Weapons Convention treaty. The Additional Protocol Regulations
implement similar requirements with respect to an agreement between the
United States and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
 BIS also has an enforcement component with nine offices with
enforcement responsibilities covering the United States. BIS export
control officers are also stationed at several U.S. embassies and
consulates abroad. BIS works with other U.S. Government agencies to
promote coordinated U.S. Government efforts in export controls and
other programs. BIS participates in U.S. Government efforts to
strengthen multilateral export control regimes and to promote effective
export controls through cooperation with other Governments.
BIS' Regulatory Plan Actions
 As the agency responsible for leading the administration and
enforcement of U.S. export controls on dual-use and other items
warranting controls but not under the provisions of export control
regulations administered by other departments, BIS plays a central role
in the Administration's efforts to fundamentally reform the export
control system. Changing what we control, how we control it and how we
enforce and manage our controls will help strengthen our national
security by focusing our efforts on controlling the most critical
products and technologies, and by enhancing the competitiveness of key
U.S. manufacturing and technology sectors.
 In FY 2011, BIS took several steps to implement the President's
Export Control Reform Initiative (ECRI). BIS published a final rule (76
FR 35275, June 16, 2011) implementing a license exception that
authorizes exports, reexports and transfers to destinations that do not
pose a national security concern, provided certain safeguards against
diversion to other destinations are taken. BIS also proposed several
rules to control under the EAR items that the President has determined
do not warrant control under the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (ITAR), administered by the Department of State rule (76 FR
41957), and its United States Munitions List (USML).
 In FY 2012, BIS followed up on its FY 2011 successes with the ECRI
and proposed rules that would move items currently controlled in nine
categories of the USML to control under the Commerce Control List
(CCL), administered by BIS. In addition, BIS proposed a rule to ease
the implementation process for transitioning items and re-proposed a
revised key definition from the July 15 Rule, ``specially designed,''
that had received extensive public comment. In FY 2013, after State
Department notification to Congress of the transfer of items from the
USML, BIS expects to be able to publish a final rule incorporating many
of the proposed changes and revisions based on public responses to the
proposals.
 In FY 2013, BIS activities crossed an important milestone with
publication of two final rules that began to put ECRI policies into
place. An Initial Implementation rule (73 FR 22660, April 16, 2013)
sets in place the structure under which items the President determines
no longer warrant control on the United States Munitions List will be
controlled on the Commerce Control List. It also revises license
exceptions and regulatory definitions, including the definition of
``specially designed'' to more make those exceptions and definitions
clearer and to more close align them with the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations, and adds to the CCL certain military aircraft, gas
turbine engines and related items. A second final rule (78 FR 40892,
July 8 2012) followed on by adding to the CCL military vehicles,
vessels of war submersible vessels, and auxiliary military equipment
that President determined no longer warrant control on the USML.
 In FY 2014, BIS continued its emphasis on the ECRI by publishing
three final rules adding to the Commerce Control List, items the
President determined no long warrant control on the United States
Munitions List (including a rule returning jurisdiction over Commercial
Satellites to the Department of Commerce), as follows:
 January 2--Control of Military Training Equipment, Energetic
Materials, Personal Protective Equipment, Shelters, Articles Related to
Launch Vehicles, Missiles, Rockets, Military Explosives and Related
Items;
 May 13--Revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR):
Control of Spacecraft Systems and Related Items the President
Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions
List (USML); and
 July 1--Revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR):
Control of Military Electronic Equipment and Other Items the President
Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions
List
 BIS expects to publish additional ECRI final rules in FY 2015.

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

As the President noted in Executive Order 13609, ``international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting'' public
health, welfare, safety, and our environment as well as economic
growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job creation. Accordingly, in
EO 13609, the President requires each executive agency to include in
its Regulatory Plan a summary of its international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations.
 The Department of Commerce engages with numerous international
bodies in

[[Page 76498]]

various forums to promote the Department's priorities and foster
regulations that do not ``impair the ability of American business to
export and compete internationally.'' EO 13609(a). For example, the
United States Patent and Trademark Office is working with the European
Patent Office to develop a new classification system for both offices'
use. The Bureau of Industry and Security, along with the Department of
State and Department of Defense, engages with other countries in the
Wassenaar Arrangement, through which the international community
develops a common list of items that should be subject to export
controls because they are conventional arms or items that have both
military and civil uses. Other multilateral export control regimes
include the Missile Technology Control Regime, the Nuclear Suppliers
Group, and the Australia Group, which lists items controlled for
chemical and biological weapon nonproliferation purposes. In addition,
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration works with other
countries' regulatory bodies through regional fishery management
organizations to develop fair and internationally-agreed-to fishery
standards for the High Seas.
 BIS is also engaged, in partnership with the Departments of State
and Defense, in revising the regulatory framework for export control,
through the President's Export Control Reform Initiative (ECRI).
Through this effort, the United States Government is moving certain
items currently controlled by the United States Military List (USML) to
the Commerce Control List (CCL) in BIS' Export Administration
Regulations. The objective of ECRI is to improve interoperability of
U.S. military forces with those of allied countries, strengthen the
U.S. industrial base by, among other things, reducing incentives for
foreign manufacturers to design out and avoid U.S.-origin content and
services, and allow export control officials to focus Government
resources on transactions that pose greater concern. Once fully
implemented, the new export control framework also will benefit
companies in the United States seeking to export items through more
flexible and less burdensome export controls.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the Department has
identified several rulemakings as being associated with retrospective
review and analysis in the Department's final retrospective review of
regulations plan. Accordingly, the Agency is reviewing these rules to
determine whether action under E.O. 13563 is appropriate. Some of these
entries on this list may be completed actions, which do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for the Agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final Agency
retrospective analysis plan can be found at:
http://open.commerce.gov/sites/default/files/Commerce%20Plan%20for%20Retrospecti
ve%20Analysis%20of%20Existing%20Rules%20-%202011-08-22%20Final.pdf

DOC--National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)

Proposed Rule Stage

33. Requirements for Importation of Fish and Fish Product Under the
U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1371 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 216.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: With this action, NMFS is developing procedures to
implement the provisions of section 101(a)(2) of the Marine Mammal
Protection Act for imports of fish and fish products. Those provisions
require the Secretary of Treasury to ban imports of fish and fish
products from fisheries with bycatch of marine mammals in excess of
U.S. standards. The provisions further require the Secretary of
Commerce to insist on reasonable proof from exporting nations of the
effects on marine mammals of bycatch incidental to fisheries that
harvest the fish and fish products to be imported. Implementation of
this rule may have trade implications. However, the impacts will be
limited primarily to foreign entities, with no anticipated impacts to
U.S. fishermen.
 Statement of Need: The Marine Mammal Protection Act requires that
the United States prohibit imports of fish caught in a manner that
results in bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Marine Mammal Protection Act.
 Alternatives: An alternative to this rulemaking that would
facilitate marine mammal conservation overseas would be through
cooperation and assistance programs. While the U.S. has developed
effective bycatch mitigation techniques and applied these in many
fisheries, there is no guarantee that these methods will be freely
adopted in foreign fisheries. Technical and financial assistance for
the development and implementation of marine mammal bycatch mitigation
measures would not be precluded by this rulemaking, but market access
incentives will increase the likelihood of action by harvesting nations
exporting to the U.S.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Potential benefits of this
rulemaking include: an incentive for exporting nations to adopt and
implement marine mammal conservation standards comparable to the U.S.
as a condition for access to the U.S. seafood market, establishing a
review process for determining the effectiveness of mitigation measures
adopted by foreign nations; decreasing the likelihood that marine
mammal stocks will be further depleted; and increasing the availability
of information on marine mammal distribution and abundance and the
threats posed by fisheries interactions. Anticipated costs include:
increased administrative costs of monitoring trade and making
determinations about foreign fisheries bycatch of marine mammals;
increased costs on seafood importers related to certifying import
eligibility, and increased requests for international cooperation and
assistance and attendant costs to implement mitigation measures.
 Risks: Prohibiting imports from seafood exporting nations that
cause bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards will
diminish the risk of further declines in marine mammal stocks that are
affected by foreign fisheries.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/30/10 75 FR 22731
Reopening ANPR comment period....... 07/01/10 75 FR 38070
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Rodney Mcinnis, Director, Office of International
Affairs, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric

[[Page 76499]]

Administration, 1315 East-West Hwy, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 562
980-4005, Email: rod.mcinnis@noaa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AX36
 RIN: 0648-AY15

DOC--NOAA

34. Designation of Critical Habitat for the North Atlantic Right Whale

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.; 16 U.S.C. 1531 to 1543.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 226; 50 CFR 229.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: National Marine Fisheries Service proposes to revise
critical habitat for the North Atlantic right whale. This proposal
would result in modifying the critical habitat that was designated in
1994.
 Statement of Need: Under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act,
NOAA Fisheries is required to designate critical habitat for newly
listed species and revise as new information becomes available.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Endangered Species Act
 Alternatives: Critical habitat is defined as (i) the specific areas
within the geographical area occupied by the species, at the time it is
listed, on which are found those physical or biological features (I)
essential to the conservation of the species and (II) which may require
special management considerations or protection; and (ii) specific
areas outside the geographical area occupied by the species at the time
it is listed, upon a determination by the Secretary that such areas are
essential for the conservation of the species. In developing this rule,
NOAA Fisheries is analyzing best available information regarding where
these areas occur and performing economic impact analysis to inform
designation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because this rule is presently in
the beginning stages of development, no analysis has been completed at
this time to assess costs and benefits.
 Risks: Loss of critical habitat for a species listed as protected
under the ESA and Marine Mammals Protection Act, as well as potential
loss of right whales due to habitat loss.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

2Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Donna Wieting, Fishery Biologist, Office of
Protected Resources, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service, 1315
East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 301 713-2322.
 RIN: 0648-AY54

DOC--NOAA

35. Revision of Hawaiian Monk Seal Critical Habitat

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1533
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 226.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
Fisheries is developing a revised proposed rule to designate critical
habitat for the Hawaiian monk seal in the main and Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands. In response to a 2008 petition from the Center for
Biological Diversity, Kahea, and the Ocean Conservancy to revise
Hawaiian monk seal critical habitat, NOAA Fisheries published a
proposed rule in June 2011 to revise Hawaiian monk seal critical
habitat by adding critical habitat in the main Hawaiian Islands and
extending critical habitat in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.
Proposed critical habitat includes both marine and terrestrial habitats
(e.g., foraging areas to 500 meter depth, pupping beaches, etc.). To
address public comments on the proposed rule, NOAA Fisheries is
augmenting its prior economic analysis to better describe the
anticipated costs of the designation. NOAA Fisheries is analyzing new
tracking data to assess monk seal habitat use in the main Hawaiian
Islands.
 Statement of Need: Hawaiian monk seal critical habitat was last
designated in 1988. Since the 1988 designation, new information
regarding Hawaiian monk seal habitat use has become available. A
revision to this designation would allow NMFS to more accurately define
those features and areas that are important to support Hawaiian monk
seal conservation by modifying existing critical habitat in the
Northwestern Hawaiian Islands and proposing critical habitat in the
main Hawaiian Islands. NMFS published a proposed rule to designate
critical habitat in 2011. The agency has made changes to the 2011
proposed rule in response to public comment, and now plans to release a
second, revised proposed rule to provide an opportunity for the public
to comment on these changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Endangered Species Act.
 Alternatives: In the 2011 proposed rule, NMFS considered the
alternative of not revising critical habitat for the Hawaiian monk
seal, the alternative of designating all potential critical habitat
areas, and the alternative of designating a subset of all potential
critical habitat areas, excluding those areas where the benefits of
exclusion outweigh the benefits of designation in accordance with
4(b)(2) of the Endangered Species Act. Under the preferred alternative
NMFS proposed for designation 10 specific areas in the Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands and 6 specific areas in the main Hawaiian Islands
which support terrestrial pupping and haul-out areas as well as marine
foraging areas. Within four of the main Hawaiian Islands specific
areas, NMFS proposed exclusions to reduce the impacts to national
security.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The economic analysis is currently
being revised to reflect changes in response to public comments
received. The primary benefit of designation is the protection afforded
under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act, requiring all Federal
agencies to insure their actions are not likely to destroy or adversely
modify designated critical habitat. In addition to these protections,
the designation may also result in other forms of benefits including,
but not limited to: Educational awareness and outreach benefits,
benefits to tourism and recreation, and improved or sustained habitat
quality. The designation of critical habitat typically does not impose
additional costs in occupied habitat, where Federal agencies are
already required to consult with NMFS as a consequence of the listed
species being present. However, in unoccupied habitat the rule may
impose administrative costs on Federal agencies as well as costs on
Federal agencies and third parties stemming from project modifications
to mitigate impacts to critical habitat.
 Risks: The Endangered Species Act requires designation of critical
habitat following the listing of a species. If critical habitat is not
designated, the species will not be protected to the extent provided
for in the Endangered Species Act, posing a risk to the species
continued existence and recovery.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/02/11 76 FR 32026

[[Page 76500]]


Notice of Public Meetings........... 07/14/11 76 FR 41446
Other............................... 06/25/12 77 FR 37867
Second NPRM......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Donna Wieting, Fishery Biologist, Office of
Protected Resources, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service, 1315
East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 301 713-2322.
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AX23
 RIN: 0648-BA81

DOC--NOAA

36. Revision of the National Standard 1 Guidelines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.; Pub. L. 94-265.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 600.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This action would propose revisions to the National
Standard 1 (NS1) guidelines. National Standard 1 of the Magnuson-
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act states that
conservation and management measures shall prevent overfishing while
achieving, on a continuing basis, the optimum yield from each fishery
for the United States fishing industry. National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration Fisheries last revised the NS1 Guidelines in
2009 to reflect the requirements enacted by the Magnuson-Stevens
Fishery Conservation and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 for
annual catch limits and accountability measures to end and prevent
overfishing. Since 2007, the National Marine Fisheries Service and the
Regional Fishery Management Councils have been implementing the new
annual catch limit and accountability measures requirements. Based on
experience gained from implementing annual catch limits and
accountability measures, NMFS has developed new perspectives and
identified issues regarding the application of the NS1 guidelines that
may warrant them to be revised to more fully meet the intended goal of
preventing overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the
optimum yield from each fishery. The focus of this action is to improve
the NS1 guidelines.
 Statement of Need: Since 2007, fisheries management within the U.S.
has experienced many changes, in particular the implementation of
annual catch limits and accountability measures under all fishery
management plans. Based on this experience, the NMFS believes the
National Standard guidelines can be improved to enhance the utility of
the guidelines for managers and the public. The objective of the
proposed revisions is to improve and streamline the guidelines, address
concerns raised during the implementation of annual catch limits and
accountability measures, and provide flexibility within current
statutory limits to address fishery management issues.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and
Management Act.
 Alternatives: The rule attempts to improve fisheries management by
proposing alternatives that clarify guidance in the following topic
areas: (1) Identifying fishery management objectives; (2) identifying
whether stocks require conservation and management; (3) managing data
limited stocks; (4) stock complexes; (5) aggregate maximum sustainable
yield estimates; (6) depleted stocks; (7) multi-year overfishing
determinations; (8) optimum yield; (9) acceptable biological catch
control rules; (10) accountability measures; (11) establishing annual
catch limits and accountability measures mechanisms in Fishery
Management Plans; and (12) flexibility in rebuilding stocks.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes to the guidelines would
not establish any new requirements and thus are technical in nature. As
such, the changes would allow, but do not require the Fishery
Management Councils or the Secretary of Commerce, to make changes to
their Fishery Management Plans. Because changes to the guidelines would
not directly alter the behavior of any entities that operate in
federally managed fisheries, no direct economic effects are expected to
result from this action. The potential benefits of revising the
National Standard guidelines include: improving and streamlining the
guidance, providing additional clarity, and providing flexibility to
address fishery management issues.
 Risks: NMFS anticipates that a revision to the National Standard
guidelines would enhance the utility of the guidelines. NMFS does not
foresee any risks associated with revising the National Standard
guidelines.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/03/12 77 FR 26238
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 07/03/12 77 FR 39459
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Alan Risenhoover, Director, Office of Sustainable
Fisheries, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, Room 13362, 1315 East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD
20910, Phone: 301 713-2334, Fax: 301 713-0596, Email:
alan.risenhoover@noaa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AV60
 RIN: 0648-BB92

DOC--NOAA

Final Rule Stage

37. Fishery Management Plan for Regulating Offshore Marine Aquaculture
in the Gulf of Mexico

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 622.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The purpose of this fishery management plan is to develop
a regional permitting process for regulating and promoting
environmentally sound and economically sustainable aquaculture in the
Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone. This fishery management plan
consists of ten actions, each with an associated range of management
alternatives, which would facilitate the permitting of an estimated 5
to 20 offshore aquaculture operations in the Gulf of Mexico over the
next 10 years, with an estimated annual production of up to 64 million
pounds. By establishing a regional permitting process for aquaculture,
the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council will be positioned to
achieve their primary goal of increasing maximum sustainable yield and
optimum yield of federal fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico by
supplementing harvest of wild caught species with cultured product.
This rulemaking would outline a regulatory permitting process for
aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico, including: (1) Required permits; (2)
duration of permits; (3) species allowed;

[[Page 76501]]

(4) designation of sites for aquaculture; (5) reporting requirements;
and (6) regulations to aid in enforcement.
 Statement of Need: Demand for protein is increasing in the United
States and commercial wild-capture fisheries will not likely be
adequate to meet this growing demand. Aquaculture is one method to meet
current and future demands for seafood. Supplementing the harvest of
domestic fisheries with cultured product will help the U.S. meet
consumers' growing demand for seafood and may reduce the Nation's
dependence on seafood imports. Currently, the U.S. imports over 80
percent of the seafood consumed in the country, and the annual U.S
seafood trade deficit is at an all time high of over $9 billion.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and
Management Act, 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.
 Alternatives: The Council's Aquaculture FMP includes 10 actions,
each with an associated range of alternatives. These actions and
alternatives are collectively intended to establish a regional
permitting process for offshore aquaculture. Management actions in the
FMP include: (1) Aquaculture permit requirements, eligibility, and
transferability; (2) duration aquaculture permits are effective; (3)
aquaculture application requirements, operational requirements, and
restrictions; (4) species allowed for aquaculture; (5) allowable
aquaculture systems; (6) marine aquaculture siting requirements and
conditions; (7) restricted access zones for aquaculture facilities; (8)
recordkeeping and reporting requirements; (9) biological reference
points and status determination criteria; and (10) framework procedures
for modifying biological reference points and regulatory measures.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Environmental and social/economic
costs and benefits are described in detail in the Council's Aquaculture
FMP. Potential benefits include: establishing a rigorous review process
for reviewing and approving/denying aquaculture permits; increasing
optimum yield by supplementing the harvest of wild domestic fisheries
with cultured products; and reducing the Nation's dependence on
imported seafood. Anticipated costs include increased administration
and oversight of an aquaculture permitting process, and potential
negative environmental impacts to wild marine resources. Approval of an
aquaculture permitting system may also benefit fishing communities by
creating new jobs.
 Risks: Currently, 90% of seafood consumed in the United States is
imported. Offshore aquaculture operations will aid in meeting the
increasing demand for seafood and improve U.S. food security.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Availability.............. 06/04/09 74 FR 26829
NPRM................................ 08/28/14 79 FR 26829
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Roy E. Crabtree, Southeast Regional Administrator,
Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, 263 13th Avenue South, St. Petersburg, FL 33701, Phone:
727 824-5305, Fax: 727 824-5308, Email: roy.crabtree@noaa.gov
 RIN: 0648-AS65
BILLING CODE 3510-12-P

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Background

The Department of Defense (DoD) is the largest Federal department,
consisting of three Military departments (Army, Navy, and Air Force),
nine Unified Combatant Commands, 17 Defense Agencies, and ten DoD Field
Activities. It has 1,357,218 military personnel and 853,102 civilians
assigned as of June 30, 2014, and over 200 large and medium
installations in the continental United States, U. S. territories, and
foreign countries. The overall size, composition, and dispersion of
DoD, coupled with an innovative regulatory program, presents a
challenge to the management of the Defense regulatory efforts under
Executive Order 12866 ``Regulatory Planning and Review'' of September
30, 1993.
 Because of its diversified nature, DoD is affected by the
regulations issued by regulatory agencies such as the Departments of
Commerce, Energy, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban
Development, Labor, State, Transportation, and the Environmental
Protection Agency. In order to develop the best possible regulations
that embody the principles and objectives embedded in E.O. 12866, there
must be coordination of proposed regulations among the regulatory
agencies and the affected DoD components. Coordinating the proposed
regulations in advance throughout an organization as large as DoD is a
straightforward, yet formidable, undertaking.
 DoD issues regulations that have an effect on the public and can be
significant as defined in E.O. 12866. In addition, some of DoD's
regulations may affect other agencies. DoD, as an integral part of its
program, not only receives coordinating actions from other agencies,
but coordinates with the agencies that are affected by its regulations
as well.

Overall Priorities

The Department needs to function at a reasonable cost, while
ensuring that it does not impose ineffective and unnecessarily
burdensome regulations on the public. The rulemaking process should be
responsive, efficient, cost-effective, and both fair and perceived as
fair. This is being done in DoD while reacting to the contradictory
pressures of providing more services with fewer resources. The
Department of Defense, as a matter of overall priority for its
regulatory program, fully incorporates the provisions of the
President's priorities and objectives under Executive Order (E.O.)
12866.

International Regulatory Cooperation

As the President noted in Executive Order 13609, ``international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting'' public
health, welfare, safety, and our environment as well as economic
growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job creation. Accordingly, in
Executive Order 13609, the President requires each executive agency to
include in its Regulatory Plan a summary of its international
regulatory cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to
lead to significant regulations.
 The Department of Defense, along with the Department of State and
the Department of Commerce, engages with other countries in the
Wassenaar Arrangement, through which the international community
develops a common list of items that should be subject to export
controls.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review (January 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan.

[[Page 76502]]

All are of particular interest to small businesses. Some of these
entries on this list may be completed actions, which do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plan
and all updates to the plan can be found at:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=DOD-2011-OS-0036.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Rule title (* expected to significantly
 RIN reduce burdens on small businesses)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
0701-AA76................. Air Force Freedom of Information Act
 Program.
0701-AA77................. Air Force Privacy Act Program.
0703-AA87................. United States Navy Regulations and Official
 Records.
0703-AA90................. Guidelines for Archaeological Investigation
 Permits and Other Research on Sunken
 Military Craft and Terrestrial Military
 Craft Under the Jurisdiction of the
 Department of the Navy.
0703-AA91................. Unofficial Use of the Seal, Emblem, Names,
 or Initials of the Marine Corps.
0703-AA92................. Professional Conduct of Attorneys Practicing
 Under the Cognizance and Supervision of the
 Judge Advocate General.
0710-AA66................. Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjustment
 Rule.
0710-AA60................. Nationwide Permit Program Regulations.*
0750-AG47................. Safeguarding Unclassified Controlled
 Technical Information (DFARS Case 2011-
 D039).
0750-AG62................. Patents, Data, and Copyrights (DFARS Case
 2010-D001).
0750-AH11................. Only One Offer (DFARS Case 2011-D013).
0750-AH19................. Accelerated Payments to Small Business
 (DFARS Case 2011-D008).
0750-AH54................. Performance-Based Payments (DFARS Case 2011-
 D045).
0750-AH70................. Defense Trade Cooperation Treaty With
 Australia and the United Kingdom (DFARS
 Case 2012-D034).
0750-AH86................. Forward Pricing Rate Proposal Adequacy
 Checklist (DFARS Case 2012-D035).
0750-AH87................. System for Award Management Name Changes,
 Phase 1 Implementation (DFARS Case 2012-
 D053).
0750-AH90................. Clauses With Alternates.
0750-AH94.................
0750-AH95.................
0750-AI02.................
0750-AI10.................
0750-AI19.................
0750-AI27.................
0750-AI03................. Approval of Rental Waiver Requests (DFARS
 Case 2013-D006).
0750-AI07................. Storage, Treatment, and Disposal of Toxic or
 Hazardous Materials_Statutory Update (DFARS
 Case 2013-D013).
0750-AI18................. Photovoltaic Devices (DFARS Case 2014-D006).
0750-AI34................. State Sponsors of Terrorism (DFARS Case 2014-
 D014).
0790-AI24................. DoD Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
 Program Regulation.
0790-AI30................. Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA)
 Privacy Program.
0790-AI42................. Personnel Security Program.
0790-AI51................. DoD Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
 Program; Amendment.
0790-AI54................. Defense Support of Civilian Law Enforcement
 Agencies.
0790-AI63................. Alternative Dispute Resolution.
0790-AI71................. National Industrial Security Program (NISP):
 Procedures for Government Activities
 Relating to Foreign Ownership, Control or
 Influence (FOCI).
0790-AI73................. Withholding of Unclassified Technical Data
 From Public Disclosure.
0790-AI75................. Presentation of DoD-Related Scientific and
 Technical Papers at Meetings.
0790-AI77................. Provision of Early Intervention and Special
 Education Services to Eligible DoD
 Dependents.
0790-AI84................. National Defense Science and Engineering
 Graduate (NDSEG) Fellowships.
0790-AI86................. Defense Logistics Agency Privacy Program.
0790-AI87................. Defense Logistics Agency Freedom of
 Information Act Program.
0790-AI88................. Shelter for the Homeless.
0790-AI90................. DoD Assistance to Non-Government,
 Entertainment-Oriented Media Productions.
0790-AI92................. Inspector General; Privacy Act;
 Implementation.
0790-AJ00................. Civilian Employment and Reemployment Rights
 of Applicants for, and Service Members and
 Former Service Members, of the Uniformed
 Services.
0790-AJ03................. DoD Privacy Program.
0790-AJ04................. Unlawful Discrimination (On the Basis of
 Race, Color, National Origin, or Age in
 Programs or Activities Receiving Federal
 Financial Assistance From the DoD).
0790-AJ05................. End Use Certificates (EUCs).
0790-AJ06................. Voluntary Education Programs.
0790-AJ07................. Historical Research in the Files of the
 Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD).
0790-AJ10................. Enhancement of Protections on Consumer
 Credit for Members of the Armed Forces and
 Their Dependents.
0790-AJ20................. DoD Privacy Program
 Pursuant to Executive Order 13563, DoD also
 removed 32 CFR part 513, ``Indebtedness of
 Military Personnel,'' because the part is
 obsolete and the governing policy is now
 codified at 32 CFR part 112.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Administration Priorities
1. Rulemakings That Are Expected To Have High Net Benefits Well in
Excess of Costs
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 806 of the
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011, as
amended by section 806 of the NDAA for FY 2013. Section 806 requires
the evaluation of offerors' supply chain risks for information
technology purchases relating to national security systems. This rule
enables agencies to exclude sources that are identified as having a
supply chain risk in order to minimize

[[Page 76503]]

the potential risk for purchased supplies and services to maliciously
introduce unwanted functions and degrade the integrity and operation of
sensitive information technology systems.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to provide guidance to contractors
for the submittal of forward pricing rate proposals to ensure the
adequacy of forward pricing rate proposals submitted to the Government.
The rule provides guidance to contractors to ensure that forward
pricing rate proposals are thorough, accurate, and complete.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 1602 of the
NDAA for FY 2014. Section 1602 prohibits award of a contract for
commercial satellite services from certain foreign entities if the
Secretary of Defense reasonably believes that the foreign entity is one
in which the government of a foreign country has an ownership interest
that enables the government to affect satellite operations. There is a
potential risk to national security if DoD uses commercial satellite
services for DoD communications and the government of a covered foreign
country has an ownership interest that enables the government to affect
satellite operations. Likewise, if launch or other satellite services
under the contract are occurring in a covered country, the government
of that country could impact the ability of the foreign entity to
adequately provide those services.
2. Rulemakings of Particular Interest to Small Businesses
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to delete text in DFARS part 219
that implemented 10 U.S.C. 2323 because 10 U.S.C. 2323 has expired.
Removal of the obsolete implementing coverage for 10 U.S.C. 2323 will
bring DFARS up to date and provide accurate and indisputable
regulations affecting the small business and vendor communities. 10
U.S.C. 2323 had provided the underlying statutory authority for DoD's
Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) Program and served as the basis for
DoD's use of certain solicitation techniques to further its SDB
participation rate. Notwithstanding removal of this statutory authority
from the DFARS, DoD's fundamental procurement policies continue to
provide strong support for SDB participation as evidenced by DoD
meeting or exceeding the annual Governmentwide statutory SDB prime
contracting goals since 2001.
 Through ``Policy for Domestic, Municipal, and Industrial
Water Supply Uses of Reservoir Projects Operated by the Department of
the Army, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,'' (RIN 0710-AA72), update and
clarify the policies governing the use of storage in U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers reservoir projects for domestic, municipal, and industrial
water supply.
 3. Rulemakings That Streamline Regulations, Reduce Unjustified
Burdens, and Minimize Burdens on Small Businesses
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 802 of the
NDAA for FY 2012 to allow a covered litigation support contractor
access to technical, proprietary, or confidential data for the sole
purpose of providing litigation support. DFARS Case 2012-D029,
Disclosure to Litigation Support to Contractors, pertains.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to require scientific and
technical reports be submitted in electronic format. This rule, DFARS
Case 2014-D0001, will streamline the submission process by no longer
requiring the electronically initiated report to be printed for
submission.
4. Rules To Be Modified, Streamlined, Expanded, or Repealed To Make the
Agency's Regulatory Program More Effective or Less Burdensome in
Achieving the Regulatory Objectives
 DFARS Cases 2013-D005, Clauses with Alternates--Foreign
Acquisition, 2013-D025, Clauses with Alternates--Taxes, and 2014-D004,
Clauses with Alternates--Special Contracting Methods, Major System
Acquisition, and Service Contract--Propose a new convention for
prescribing clauses with alternates to provide alternate clauses in
full text. This will facilitate selection of alternate clauses using
automated contract writing systems. The inclusion of the full text of
the alternate clauses in the regulation for use in solicitations and
contracts should make the terms of the alternate clauses clearer to
offerors and contractors by clarifying paragraph substitutions. As a
result, inapplicable paragraphs from the basic clause that are
superseded by the alternate will not be included in solicitations or
contracts, reducing the potential for confusion.
 Finalize the rule for DFARS, DFARS Case 2014-D014, State
Sponsors of Terrorism, to clarify and relocate coverage relating to
state sponsors of terrorism, add an explicit representation, and
conform the terminology to replace the term ``terrorist country'' with
the more accurate term ``country that is a state sponsor of
terrorism.'' DFARS subpart 209.1 text is being relocated to subpart
225.7. Subpart 225.7 is a better location because the prohibition is
based on ownership or control of an offeror by the government of
specified countries, rather than the responsibility of the individual
offeror. Correspondingly, the provision at 252.209-7001 is being
removed and replaced by a newly proposed provision 252.225-70XX.
5. Rulemakings That Have a Significant International Impact
 Finalize the rule to revise the DFARS to improve
awareness, compliance, and enforcement of DoD policies on combating
trafficking in persons. The rule will further improve stability,
productivity, and certainty in the contingency operations that DoD
supports and ensure that DoD contractors do not benefit from the use of
coerced labor.
Specific DoD Priorities
 For this regulatory plan, there are six specific DoD priorities,
all of which reflect the established regulatory principles. DoD has
focused its regulatory resources on the most serious environmental,
health, and safety risks. Perhaps most significant is that each of the
priorities described below promulgates regulations to offset the
resource impacts of Federal decisions on the public or to improve the
quality of public life, such as those regulations concerning
acquisition, health affairs, education, and cyber security.
1. Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy
 The Department of Defense continuously reviews the DFARS and
continues to lead Government efforts to--
 Revise the DFARS to improve presentation and clarity of
the regulations by (1) initiating a new convention to construct clauses
with alternates in a manner whereby the alternate clauses are included
in full text making the terms of the alternates clearer by clarifying
paragraph substitutions and (2) streamline the DFARS by screening the
text to identify any DoD procedural guidance that does not have a
significant effect beyond the internal operating procedures of DoD or
have a significant cost or administrative impact on contractors or
offerors, which should be more correctly relocated from the DFARS to
the DFARS Procedures, Guidance, and Information (PGI).
 Employ methods to facilitate and improve efficiency of the
contracting process such as (1) employing a checklist to assist
contractors in providing initial submission of FPRA proposals that are
thorough, accurate, and complete and (2) requiring

[[Page 76504]]

scientific and technical reports to be submitted electronically.
2. Health Affairs, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense is able to meet its dual mission of
wartime readiness and peacetime health care by operating an extensive
network of medical treatment facilities. This network includes DoD's
own military treatment facilities supplemented by civilian health care
providers, facilities, and services under contract to DoD through the
TRICARE program. TRICARE is a major health care program designed to
improve the management and integration of DoD's health care delivery
system. The program's goal is to increase access to health care
services, improve health care quality, and control health care costs.
 The Defense Health Agency plans to publish the following rule:
 Final Rule: CHAMPUS/TRICARE: Pilot Program for Refills of
Maintenance Medications for TRICARE Life Beneficiaries through the
TRICARE Mail Order Program. This final rule implements section 716 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L.
112-239), which establishes a 5-year pilot program that would generally
require TRICARE for Life beneficiaries to obtain all refill
prescriptions for covered maintenance medications from the TRICARE mail
order program or military treatment facility pharmacies. Covered
maintenance medications are those that involve recurring prescriptions
for chronic conditions, but do not include medications to treat acute
conditions. Beneficiaries may opt out of the pilot program after one
year of participation. This rule includes procedures to assist
beneficiaries in transferring covered prescriptions to the mail order
pharmacy program. The interim final rule was published December 11,
2013 (78 FR 75245) with an effective date of February 14, 2014. DoD
anticipates publishing a final rule in the first quarter of FY 2015.
3. Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense plans to publish a rule regarding Service
Academies:
 Final Rule: Service Academies. This rule establishes
policy, assigns responsibilities, and prescribes procedures for
Department of Defense oversight of the Service Academies.
Administrative costs are negligible, and benefits are clear, concise
rules that enable the Secretary of Defense to ensure that the Service
Academies are efficiently operated and meet the needs of the armed
forces. The proposed rule was published October 18, 2007 (72 FR 59053),
and included policy that has since changed. The final rule,
particularly the explanation of separation policy, will reflect recent
changes in the ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell'' policy. It will also
incorporate changes resulting from interagency coordination. DoD
anticipates publishing the final rule in the first or second quarter of
FY 2015.
4. Military Community and Family Policy, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense has proposed a revision to the regulation
implementing the Military Lending Act, which prescribes limitations on
the terms of consumer credit extended to Service members and
dependents:
 Proposed Rule: Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit
Extended to Service Members and Dependents. In this proposed rule, the
Department of Defense (Department) proposes to amend its regulation
that implements the Military Lending Act, herein referred to as the
``MLA''. Among other protections for Service members, the MLA limits
the amount of interest that a creditor may charge on ``consumer
credit'' to a maximum annual percentage rate of 36 percent. The
Department proposed to amend its existing regulation primarily for the
purpose of extending the protections of the MLA to a broader range of
closed-end and open-end credit products, rather than the limited credit
products currently defined as consumer credit. In addition, the
Department proposed to amend its existing regulation to amend the
provisions governing a tool a creditor may use in assessing whether a
consumer is a ``covered borrower,'' modify the disclosures that a
creditor must provide to a covered borrower implement the enforcement
provisions of the MLA, as amended, among other purposes. The revisions
to this rule are part of DoD's retrospective plan under Executive Order
13563 completed in August 2011.
5. Chief Information Officer, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense plans to amend the voluntary cyber
security information sharing program between DoD and eligible cleared
defense contractors:
 Proposed Rule: Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Voluntary
Cyber Security/Information Assurance (CS/IA) Activities. The Department
proposes to amend the DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities regulation (32
CFR part 236) in response to section 941 National Defense Authorization
Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013, which requires the Secretary of
Defense to establish procedures that require each cleared defense
contractor (CDC) to report to DoD when a network or information system
has a cyber-intrusion. The revised rule also expands eligibility to
participate in the DIB CS/IA voluntary cyber threat information sharing
program to all CDCs. DoD anticipates publishing a proposed rule in the
first or second quarter of FY 2015.

DOD--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY (OS)

Proposed Rule Stage

38. Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit Extended to Service Members
and Dependents

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 10 U.S.C. 987
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 232.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Defense (``Department'') proposes to
amend its regulation that implements the Military Lending Act, herein
referred to as the ``MLA.'' Among other protections for servicemembers,
the MLA limits the amount of interest that a creditor may charge on
``consumer credit'' to a maximum annual percentage rate of 36 percent.
The Department is proposing to amend its existing regulation primarily
for the purpose of extending the protections of the MLA to a broader
range of closed-end and open-end credit products, rather than the
limited credit products currently defined as consumer credit. In
addition, the Department is proposing to amend its existing regulation
to amend the provisions governing a tool a creditor may use in
assessing whether a consumer is a ``covered borrower,'' modify the
disclosures that a creditor must provide to a covered borrower,
implement the enforcement provisions of the MLA, as amended, and for
other purposes. The revisions to this rule are part of DoD's
retrospective plan under Executive Order 13563 completed in August
2011. DoD's full plan can be accessed at:
http://exchange.regulations.gov/exchange/topic/eo-13563.
 Statement of Need: This regulation identifies the negative impact
of high-cost consumer credit lending on servicemembers and their
dependents quality of life and on general troop readiness.
Servicemembers are younger than the population as a whole with 43
percent 25 years old or less. Thirty-five percent of enlisted
servicemembers in

[[Page 76505]]

the grades E1-E4 are married and 20 percent of them have children. This
is compared with approximately 12 percent of their contemporaries in
the U.S. population 18 through 24 who are married (2012 U.S. Census
Bureau). The majority of recruits come to the military from high school
with little financial literacy education.
 The initial indoctrination provided to servicemembers is critical
providing basic requirements for their professional and personal
responsibilities and their successful adjustment to military life. Part
of this training is in personal finance which is an integral part of
their personal and often professional success. The Department of
Defense (the Department) continues to provide them messages to save,
invest, and manage their money wisely throughout their career.
 A major concern of the Department has been the debt accumulation of
some servicemembers and the continued financial turmoil caused by their
use of credit particularly high-cost credit. The regulation has
provided limitation on the use of credit posing the most significant
concerns (short-term high-cost credit secured by pay, vehicle title, or
tax return). Other forms of high-cost credit outside of the definitions
in the regulation have been developed since the regulation was
initially released in 2007 and the proposed changes to the regulation
have been developed in part to extend protections to servicemembers and
their families to cover these new developments.
 The Department views the support provided to military families as
essential to sustaining force readiness and military capability. From
this perspective it is not sufficient for the Department to train
servicemembers on how best to use their financial resources. Financial
protections are an important part of fulfilling the Departments compact
with servicemembers and their families and most importantly of
sustaining force readiness and military capability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Public Law 109-364 the John Warner National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 670 Limitations on Terms
of Consumer Credit Extended to Servicemembers and Dependents (October
17 2006). Section 670 of Public Law 109-364 which was codified as 10
U.S.C. 987 requires the Secretary of Defense to prescribe regulations
to carry out the new section.
 Alternatives: No other regulatory alternatives are available.
Education represents a non-regulatory alternative that is an important
aspect of the overall protection provided servicemembers and their
families. However education has not been proven to change behavior and
has not been sufficient to prepare many of servicemembers to avoid
financial products and services that can cause them financial harm.
This regulation works in tandem with on-going efforts to educate
Service members and prepare them to manage their finances.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Increased costs to the creditors as
a result of the Regulation have been articulated in the Paperwork
Reduction Act Submission as part of the EO 12866 review. The Department
anticipates that its regulation, if adopted as proposed, might impose
costs of approximately $96 million during the first year, as creditors
adapt their systems to comply with the requirements of the MLA and the
Department's regulation. However, after the first year and on an
ongoing basis, the annual effect on the economy is expected to be
between approximately $7 million net (quantitative) costs and $117
million net (quantitative) benefits. The potentially anticipated net
benefits of the proposed regulation are attributable to the cost
savings to the Department that would result from the reduction in
involuntary separations of Service members due to financial distress;
at some points in the range of estimates the Department has used to
assess the proposal, these savings are estimated to exceed the
compliance costs that would be borne by creditors.
 Risks: The Regulation currently covers payday loans, vehicle-title
loans, and tax refund anticipation loans (RALs). Some other credit
products with favorable terms as well as terms that can increase the
interest rate well beyond the limits prescribed by 10 U.S.C. 987 were
not initially covered by the regulation. However access to payday and
vehicle title loans has changed to include variations that are no
longer covered by the regulation and there are other high-cost credit
products that have become more of an issue for servicemembers and their
families who have over extended their credit.
 The regulation continues to complement other actions taken by the
Department to include initial and follow-on financial education
financial awareness campaigns savings campaigns free financial
counseling at military installations and available 24 hours 7 days per
week through Military OneSource. To complement these efforts Military
Aid Societies provide grants and no-interest loans and a growing number
of financial institutions located on military installations are
providing low-cost small-dollar loans.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 06/17/13 78 FR 36134
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 08/01/13 .......................
NPRM................................ 09/29/14 79 FR 58601
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/28/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Marcus Beauregard, Department of Defense, Office of
the Secretary, 4000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-4000, Phone:
571 372-5357.
 RIN: 0790-AJ10

DOD--OS

39. Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Cyber Security/Information Assurance
(CS/IA) Activities: Amendment

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: EO 12829
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 236.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule amends the DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities
regulation in response to section 941 National Defense Authorization
Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013 which requires the Secretary of
Defense to establish procedures that require each cleared defense
contractor (CDC) to report when a network or information system that
meets the criteria reports cyber intrusions.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense (DoD) will amend the
DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities (32 CFR part 236) regulation to
incorporate changes as required by section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 to
include mandated cyber intrusion incident reporting by all cleared
defense contractors (CDCs).
 Summary of Legal Basis: This regulation is proposed under the
authorities of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013.
 Alternatives: DoD analyzed the requirements in section 941 NDAA for
FY 2013 and determined that implementation must be accomplished through
the rulemaking process. This will allow the public to comment on the
implementation strategy.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Implementing the amended rule to
meet the requirements of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 affects
approximately 8,700 CDCs. Each company will require DoD approved,
medium assured certificates

[[Page 76506]]

to submit the mandatory cyber incident reporting to the DoD-access
controlled Web site. The cost per certificate is $175. In addition, it
is estimated that the average burden per reported incident is 7 hours,
which includes identifying the cyber incident details, gathering and
maintaining the data needed, reviewing the collection of information to
be reported, and completing the report. Note, these costs are the same
as those associated with 32 CFR part 236 (DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary
Activities), but are now applicable across a larger population of
defense contractors. The benefit of this amended rule is satisfying the
legal mandate from section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 as well as informing
the Department of incidents that impact DoD programs and information.
DoD needs to have the ability to assess the strategic and operational
impacts of cyber incidents and determine appropriate mitigation
activities.
 Risks: There will likely be significant public interest in DoD's
implementation of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013. DoD will need to assure
the public that DoD will provide for the reasonable protection of trade
secrets, commercial or financial information, and information that can
be used to identify a specific person that may be evident through the
cyber incident reporting and media analysis.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Vicki Michetti, Department of Defense, Office of
the Secretary, 6000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-6000, Phone:
703 604-3177, Email: vicki.d.michetti.civ@mail.mil
 RIN: 0790-AJ14

DOD--OS

Final Rule Stage

40. Service Academies

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 10 U.S.C. 403; 10 U.S.C. 603; 10 U.S.C. 903
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 217
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department is revising and updating policy guidance
and oversight of the military service academies. This rule implements
10 U.S.C. 403, 603, and 903 for the establishment and operation of the
United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and
the United States Air Force Academy. The proposed rule was published
October 18, 2007 (72 FR 59053), and included policy that has since
changed. The final rule, particularly the explanation of separation
policy, will reflect recent changes in the Don't Ask, Don't Tell
policy.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense revises and updates
the current rule providing the policy guidance and oversight of the
military service academies. This rule implements 10 U.S.C. 403, 603,
and 903 for the establishment and operation of the United States
Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United
States Air Force Academy.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 10 U.S.C. chapters 403, 603, 903.
 Alternatives: None. The Federal statute directs the Department of
Defense to develop policy, assign responsibilities, and prescribe
procedures for operations and oversight of the service academies.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Administrative costs are negligible
and benefits would be clear, concise rules that enable the Secretary of
Defense to ensure that the service academies are efficiently operated
and meet the needs of the Armed Forces.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/18/07 72 FR 59053
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/17/07 .......................
Final Action........................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: DoD Instruction 1322.22.
 Agency Contact: Paul Nosek, Department of Defense, Office of the
Secretary, 4000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-4000, Phone: 703
695-5529.
 RIN: 0790-AI19

DOD--Defense Acquisition Regulations Council (DARC)

Final Rule Stage

41. Foreign Commercial Satellite Services (DFARS Case 2014-D010)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 41 U.S.C. 1303; Pub. L. 113-66, sec 1602
 CFR Citation: 48 CFR 204; 48 CFR 212; 48 CFR 225; 48 CFR 252.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, December 26, 2013, 10 U.S.C.
2279, as added by sec 1602 of the NDAA for FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66),
which was effective on enactment 12/26/13.
 Abstract: DoD issued an interim rule amending the Defense Federal
Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) to implement section 1602 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, which
prohibits award of a contract for commercial satellite services to a
foreign entity if the Secretary of Defense believes that the foreign
entity (1) is an entity in which the government of a covered foreign
country has an ownership interest that enables the government to affect
satellite operations; or (2) plans to, or is expected to, provide or
use launch or other satellite services under the contract from a
covered foreign country. This rule is not expected to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary because 10 U.S.C. 2279
as added by section 1602 of the National Defense Authorization Act for
FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66) became effective upon enactment on December 26
2013. 10 U.S.C. 2279 restricts the acquisition of commercial satellite
services from certain foreign entities. The statute prohibits the award
of contracts for commercial satellite services to a foreign entity that
(1) is an entity in which the government of a covered foreign country
(i.e., the Peoples Republic of China, North Korea, Cuba, Iran, Sudan,
or Syria) has an ownership interest that enables the government to
affect satellite operations; or (2) plans to or is expected to provide
or use launch or other satellite services under the contract from a
covered foreign country.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule is proposed under the authority
of title 10 U.S.C. 2279 as added by section 1602 of the National
Defense Authorization Act for FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66).
 Alternatives: DoD was not able to identify any alternatives that
meet the statutory requirements of 10 U.S.C. 2279 and the objectives of
this rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits associated with this rule
outweigh the cost of compliance. The rule reduces the potential risk to
national security by prohibiting the acquisition of commercial
satellite services from certain foreign entities as in those case where
the foreign entity is either (1) an entity in which the government of a
covered foreign country has an ownership interest that enables the
government to affect satellite

[[Page 76507]]

operations; or (2) plans to or is expected to provide or use launch or
other satellite services under the contract from a covered foreign
country. The rule requires an annual representation as to whether the
offeror is or is not a foreign entity subject to the prohibitions of
the statute or is or is not offering commercial satellite services
provided by such a foreign entity. DoD estimates that the total
estimated annual public burden for the collection of this information
is negligible (approximately $4275.00) based on Federal Procurement
Data System data for FY 2013. There were 380 unique contractors that
received contract or orders for PSC D304 (ADP Telecommunications and
Transmission Services) of which commercial satellite services are a
subset so 380 is an estimate at the highest end of the possible range
of respondents. We estimate that these respondent will spend an average
of 0.25 hours to complete and submit one response per year.
Additionally DoD estimates that the rule will not have a significant
impact on small entities unless they are offering commercial satellite
services provided by a foreign entity that is subject to the
restrictions of this rule. According to the FPDS data for fiscal year
2013, 111 small entities were awarded contracts or orders for services
in PSC D304 (ADP Telecommunications and Transmission Services) of which
commercial satellite services are a subset.
 Risks: Until this statute is implemented in the DFARS there is risk
that contracting officers may acquire commercial satellite services in
violation of the law increasing the risk to the U.S. military
operations and lost opportunities for the U.S. industrial base.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 08/05/14 79 FR 45662
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 08/05/14 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 10/06/14 .......................
 End.
Final Action........................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Manuel Quinones, Department of Defense, Defense
Acquisition Regulations Council, 4800 Mark Center Drive, Suite 15D07-2,
Alexandria, VA 22350, Phone: 571 372-6088, Email:
manuel.quinones.civ@mail.mil
 RIN: 0750-AI32

DOD--Office of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs (DODOASHA)

Final Rule Stage

42. Champus/TRICARE: Pilot Program for Refills of Maintenance

Medications for TRICARE for Life Beneficiaries Through the TRICARE Mail
Order Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 10 U.S.C. ch 55
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 199.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This interim final rule implements section 716 of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L. 112-
239), which establishes a 5-year pilot program that would generally
require TRICARE for Life beneficiaries to obtain all refill
prescriptions for covered maintenance medications from the TRICARE mail
order program or military treatment facility pharmacies. Covered
maintenance medications are those that involve recurring prescriptions
for chronic conditions, but do not include medications to treat acute
conditions. Beneficiaries may opt out of the pilot program after 1 year
of participation. This rule includes procedures to assist beneficiaries
in transferring covered prescriptions to the mail-order pharmacy
program. This regulation is being issued as an interim final rule in
order to comply with the express statutory intent that the program
begin in calendar year 2013.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense (DoD) proposed rule
establishes processes for the new program of refills of maintenance
medications for TRICARE for Life beneficiaries through military
treatment facility pharmacies and the mail order pharmacy program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This regulation is proposed under 5 U.S.C.
301; 10 U.S.C. chapter 55; 32 CFR 199.21.
 Alternatives: The rule fulfills a statutory requirement, therefore
there are no alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The effect of the statutory
requirement, implemented by this rule, is to shift a volume of
prescriptions from retail pharmacies to the most cost-effective point-
of-service venues of military treatment facility pharmacies and the
mail order pharmacy program. This will produce savings to the
Department of approximately $104 million per year, and savings to
beneficiaries of approximately $34 million per year in reduced
copayments.
 Risks: Loss of savings to both the Department and beneficiaries. No
risk to the public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/11/13 78 FR 75245
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 02/10/14
 End.
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 02/14/14
Final Action........................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: George Jones, Department of Defense, Office of
Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs, Defense Pentagon, Washington,
DC 20301, Phone: 703 681-2890.
 RIN: 0720-AB60
BILLING CODE 5001-06-P

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

I. Introduction

The U.S. Department of Education (Department) supports States,
local communities, institutions of higher education, and others in
improving education nationwide and in helping to ensure that all
Americans receive a high-quality education. We provide leadership and
financial assistance pertaining to education at all levels to a wide
range of stakeholders and individuals, including State educational and
other agencies, local school districts, providers of early learning
programs, elementary and secondary schools, institutions of higher
education, career and technical schools, nonprofit organizations,
postsecondary students, members of the public, families, and many
others. These efforts are helping to ensure that all children and
students from pre-kindergarten through grade 12 will be ready for, and
succeed in, postsecondary education and that students attending
postsecondary institutions are prepared for a profession or career.
 We also vigorously monitor and enforce the implementation of
Federal civil rights laws in educational

[[Page 76508]]

programs and activities that receive Federal financial assistance, and
support innovative programs, research and evaluation activities,
technical assistance, and the dissemination of research and evaluation
findings to improve the quality of education.
 Overall, the laws, regulations, and programs that the Department
administers will affect nearly every American during his or her life.
Indeed, in the 2014-2015 school year, about 55 million students will
attend an estimated 130,000 elementary and secondary schools in
approximately 13,600 districts, and about 21 million students will
enroll in degree-granting postsecondary schools. All of these students
may benefit from some degree of financial assistance or support from
the Department.
 In developing and implementing regulations, guidance, technical
assistance, and monitoring related to our programs, we are committed to
working closely with affected persons and groups. Specifically, we work
with a broad range of interested parties and the general public,
including families, students, and educators; State, local, and tribal
governments; and neighborhood groups, community-based early learning
programs, elementary and secondary schools, colleges, rehabilitation
service providers, adult education providers, professional
associations, advocacy organizations, businesses, and labor
organizations.
 If we determine that it is necessary to develop regulations, we
seek public participation at the key stages in the rulemaking process.
We invite the public to submit comments on all proposed regulations
through the Internet or by regular mail. We also continue to seek
greater public participation in our rulemaking activities through the
use of transparent and interactive rulemaking procedures and new
technologies.
 To facilitate the public's involvement, we participate in the
Federal Docketing Management System (FDMS), an electronic single
Government-wide access point (www.regulations.gov) that enables the
public to submit comments on different types of Federal regulatory
documents and read and respond to comments submitted by other members
of the public during the public comment period. This system provides
the public with the opportunity to submit comments electronically on
any notice of proposed rulemaking or interim final regulations open for
comment, as well as read and print any supporting regulatory documents.
 We are continuing to streamline information collections, reduce the
burden on information providers involved in our programs, and make
information easily accessible to the public.

II. Regulatory Priorities

A. The Higher Education Act of 1965, as Amended

Gainful Employment. On March 25, 2014, the Secretary issued a
notice of proposed rulemaking for the Federal Student Aid programs
authorized under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as
amended (HEA). Specifically, the proposed regulations would amend the
regulations on institutional eligibility under the HEA and the Student
Assistance General Provisions to establish measures for determining
whether certain postsecondary educational programs prepare students for
gainful employment in a recognized occupation, the conditions under
which these educational programs remain eligible for the title IV
Federal Student Aid programs, and requirements for reporting and
disclosure of relevant information. The public comment period for the
proposed regulations closed on May 27, 2014, and the Department
published final regulations on October 31, 2014.
 Pay As You Earn. On June 9, 2014, the President issued a memorandum
directing the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015, that
will allow additional students who borrowed Federal Direct Loans to cap
their Federal student loan payments at 10 percent of their income. The
memorandum further directed the Secretary to issue final regulations
after considering all public comments with the goal of making the
repayment option available to borrowers by December 31, 2015. On
September 3, 2014, we published a notice announcing our intention to
establish a negotiated rulemaking committee to prepare proposed
regulations governing the Federal William D. Ford Direct Loan Program.
We also invited public comments regarding additional issues that should
be considered for action by the negotiating committee.
 Teacher Preparation. On April 25, 2014, the President directed the
Department to propose a plan to strengthen America's teacher
preparation programs for public comment and to publish a final rule
within the next year. The Administration seeks to encourage and support
States in developing systems that recognize excellence and provide all
programs with information to help them improve, while holding them
accountable for how well they prepare teachers to succeed in today's
classrooms and throughout their careers. Specifically, the Department
is preparing to issue proposed regulations under title II of the HEA
that require States to provide more meaningful data in their State
report cards on the performance of each teacher preparation program
located in the State and to amend the regulations governing the Teacher
Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant
Program to update, clarify, and improve the current regulations and
align them with data reported by States under title II.

B. Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as Amended

In 2010, the Administration released the ``Blueprint for Reform:
The Reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act'',
the President's plan for revising the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) and replacing the No Child Left Behind Act
of 2001 (NCLB). The blueprint can be found at the following Web site:
http://www2.ed.gov/policy/elsec/leg/blueprint/index.html.
 Additionally, as we continue to work with Congress on reauthorizing
the ESEA, we continue to provide flexibility on certain provisions of
current law for States that are willing to embrace reform. The
mechanisms we are using will ensure continued accountability and
commitment to high-quality education for all students while providing
States with increased flexibility to implement State and local reforms
to improve student achievement.

C. Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006

In 2012, we released ``Investing in America's Future: A Blueprint
for Transforming Career and Technical Education'', our plan for
reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of
2006 (2006 Perkins Act). The Blueprint can be found at the following
Web site:
http://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ovae/pi/cte/transforming-career-technical-
education.pdf.
 The 2006 Perkins Act made important changes in Federal support for
career and technical education (CTE), such as the introduction of a
requirement that all States offer ``programs of study.'' These changes
helped to improve the learning experiences of CTE students but did not
go far enough to systemically create better outcomes for students and
employers who are competing in a 21st-century global

[[Page 76509]]

economy. The Administration's Blueprint would usher in a new era of
rigorous, relevant, and results-driven CTE shaped by four core
principles: (1) Alignment; (2) Collaboration; (3) Accountability; and
(4) Innovation. The Administration's Blueprint proposal reflects a
commitment to promoting equity and quality across these alignment,
collaboration, accountability, and innovation efforts in order to
ensure that more students have access to high-quality CTE programs.

D. Individuals With Disabilities Education Act

On September 18, 2013, the Secretary issued a notice of proposed
rulemaking to amend regulations under Part B of the Individuals with
Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) regarding local maintenance of effort
(MOE) to ensure that all parties involved in implementing, monitoring,
and auditing local educational agency (LEA) compliance with MOE
requirements understand the rules. The Secretary intends to issue final
regulations to amend the existing regulations that will clarify
existing policy and make other related changes regarding: (1) The
compliance standard; (2) the eligibility standard; (3) the level of
fiscal effort required of an LEA in the year after it fails to maintain
that effort; and (4) the consequence for a failure to maintain local
effort.

E. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

President Obama signed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
(WIOA) into law on July 22, 2014. WIOA replaced the Workforce
Investment Act of 1998 (WIA), including the Adult Education and Family
Literacy Act (AEFLA), and amended the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (Rehabilitation Act). WIOA promotes the
integration of the workforce development system's four ``core
programs'', including AEFLA and the vocational rehabilitation program
under Title I of the Rehabilitation Act), into the revamped workforce
development system under Title I of WIOA. In collaboration with the
Department of Labor (DOL), the Department must issue an NPRM by January
18, 2015, and final regulations by January 22, 2016. The Department is
working with DOL to meet this statutory deadline. The Department will
also regulate on the programs it administers under the Rehabilitation
Act and AEFLA that were changed by WIOA.

III. Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (signed by the President on Jan. 18,
2011), the following Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been
identified as associated with retrospective review and analysis in the
Department's final retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of
the entries on this list may be completed actions that do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plan can be found
at: www.ed.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Do we expect this rulemaking
 RIN Title of to significantly reduce
 Rulemaking burden on small businesses?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1810-AB16.............. Title I_Improving No.
 the Academic
 Achievement of
 the
 Disadvantaged.
1820-AB65.............. Assistance to No.
 States for the
 Education of
 Children with
 Disabilities_Mai
 ntenance of
 Effort.
1820-AB66.............. American Indian No.
 Vocational
 Rehabilitation
 Services Program.
1820-AB68.............. Workforce Undetermined.
 Innovation and
 Opportunity Act
 (OSERS).
1830-AA21.............. Workforce Undetermined.
 Innovation and
 Opportunity Act
 (OCTAE).
1840-AD08.............. Titles III and V No.
 of the Higher
 Education Act,
 as Amended.
1840-AD14.............. Negotiated No.
 Rulemaking Under
 Title IV of the
 HEA.
1840-AD15.............. Gainful No.
 Employment.
1840-AD16.............. Violence Against No.
 Women Act.
1840-AD17.............. William D. Ford No.
 Federal Direct
 Loan Program.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IV. Principles for Regulating

Over the next year, we may need to issue other regulations because
of new legislation or programmatic changes. In doing so, we will follow
the Principles for Regulating, which determine when and how we will
regulate. Through consistent application of those principles, we have
eliminated unnecessary regulations and identified situations in which
major programs could be implemented without regulations or with limited
regulatory action.
 In deciding when to regulate, we consider the following:
 Whether regulations are essential to promote quality and
equality of opportunity in education.
 Whether a demonstrated problem cannot be resolved without
regulation.
 Whether regulations are necessary to provide a legally
binding interpretation to resolve ambiguity.
 Whether entities or situations subject to regulation are
similar enough that a uniform approach through regulation would be
meaningful and do more good than harm.
 Whether regulations are needed to protect the Federal
interest, that is, to ensure that Federal funds are used for their
intended purpose and to eliminate fraud, waste, and abuse.
 In deciding how to regulate, we are mindful of the following
principles:
 Regulate no more than necessary.
 Minimize burden to the extent possible, and promote
multiple approaches to meeting statutory requirements if possible.
 Encourage coordination of federally funded activities with
State and local reform activities.
 Ensure that the benefits justify the costs of regulating.
 To the extent possible, establish performance objectives
rather than specify compliance behavior.
 Encourage flexibility, to the extent possible and as
needed to enable institutional forces to achieve desired results.

ED--OFFICE OF POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION (OPE)

Proposed Rule Stage

43. Pay as you Earn

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.

[[Page 76510]]

Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 9 2014, the President issued a memorandum (79 FR
33843) directing the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015,
that will allow additional students who borrowed Federal Direct Loans
to cap their Federal student loan payments at 10 percent of their
income. The memorandum further directed the Secretary to issue final
regulations after considering all public comments with the goal of
making the repayment option available to borrowers by December 31,
2015.
 Statement of Need: The President has issued a memorandum directing
the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015, that will allow
additional student borrowers Federal Direct Loans to cap their Federal
student loan payments at 10 percent of their income. The memorandum
further directed the Secretary to issue final regulations after
considering all public comments with the goal of making the repayment
option available to borrowers by December 31, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The President directed the Secretary to
propose regulations that will allow additional student borrowers
Federal Direct Loans to cap their Federal student loan payments at 10
percent of their income.
 Alternatives: These will be discussed in the notice of proposed
rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: These will be discussed in the
notice of proposed rulemaking.
 Risks: These will be discussed in the notice of proposed
rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Intent to Establish 09/03/14 79 FR 52273
 Negotiated Rulemaking Committee.
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Wendy Macias, Department of Education, Office of
Postsecondary Education, Room 8017, 1990 K Street NW., Washington, DC
20006, Phone: 202 502-7526, Email: wendy.macias@ed.gov
 RIN: 1840-AD18

ED--OFFICE OF CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDUCATION (OCTAE)

Proposed Rule Stage

44. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-128
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 18, 2015, No later than
180 days after enactment. Final, Statutory, January 22, 2016, 18 months
after enactment.
 Abstract: WIOA was signed into law on July 22, 2014. It replaced
the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, including the Adult Education and
Family Literacy Act (AEFLA), and amended the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. WIOA promotes the integration of the
workforce development system's four core programs. In collaboration
with the Department of Labor (DOL), the Department must issue an NPRM
by January 18, 2015 and final regulations by January 22, 2016. To meet
this statutory timeline, the Department will work with DOL on various
issues. The Department will also regulate on the programs it
administers under the Rehabilitation Act and the AEFLA that were
changed by WIOA.
 Statement of Need: WIOA replaces the Workforce Investment Act of
1998, including the AEFLA, and amends the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. In collaboration with the Department of
Labor (DOL), the Department must issue proposed regulations on the
integration of the workforce development system's four core programs,
and will also regulate on the programs it administers under the
Rehabilitation Act and the AEFLA that were changed by WIOA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Department will issue proposed
regulations on the integration of the workforce development system's
four core programs, and on the programs it administers under that were
changed by WIOA.
 Alternatives: These will be discussed in the NPRM Regulations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: These will be discussed in the NPRM
Regulations.
 Risks: These will be discussed in the NPRM Regulations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Mary Louise Dirrigl, Department of Education,
Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Room 5156,
PCP, 550 12th Street SW., Washington, DC 20202, Phone: 202 245-7324.
 Cheryl Keenan, Department of Education, Office of Career,
Technical, and Adult Education, 550 12th Street SW., Washington, DC
20202, Phone: 202 245-7810.
 RIN: 1830-AA21.
BILLING CODE 4001-01-P

DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Department of Energy (Department or DOE) makes vital
contributions to the Nation's welfare through its activities focused on
improving national security, energy supply, energy efficiency,
environmental remediation, and energy research. The Department's
mission is to:
 Promote dependable, affordable and environmentally sound
production and distribution of energy;
 Advance energy efficiency and conservation;
 Provide responsible stewardship of the Nation's nuclear
weapons;
 Provide a responsible resolution to the environmental
legacy of nuclear weapons production; and
 Strengthen U.S. scientific discovery, economic
competitiveness, and improve quality of life through innovations in
science and technology.
 The Department's regulatory activities are essential to achieving
its critical mission and to implementing major initiatives of the
President's National Energy Policy. Among other things, the Regulatory
Plan and the Unified Agenda contain the rulemakings the Department will
be engaged in during the coming year to fulfill the Department's
commitment to meeting deadlines for issuance of energy conservation
standards and related test procedures. The Regulatory Plan and Unified
Agenda also reflect the Department's continuing commitment to cut
costs, reduce regulatory burden, and increase responsiveness to the
public.

[[Page 76511]]

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), several regulations
have been identified as associated with retrospective review and
analysis in the Department's final retrospective review of regulations
plan. Some of these entries on this list may be completed actions,
which do not appear in the Regulatory Plan. However, more information
can be found about these completed rulemakings in past publications of
the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for
that agency. These rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov.
The final agency plan can be found at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/other/2011-regulatory-action-plans
/departmentofenergyregulatoryreformplanaugust2011.pdf.

Energy Efficiency Program for Consumer Products and Commercial
Equipment

The Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA) requires DOE to set
appliance efficiency standards at levels that achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that is technologically feasible and
economically justified. The Department continues to follow its schedule
for setting new appliance efficiency standards. These rulemakings are
expected to save American consumers billions of dollars in energy
costs.
 The overall plan for implementing the schedule is contained in the
Report to Congress under section 141 of EPACT 2005, which was released
on January 31, 2006. This plan was last updated in the August 2014
report to Congress and now includes the requirements of the Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA 2007) and the American
Energy Manufacturing Technical Corrections Act (AEMTCA). The reports to
Congress are posted at:
http://www.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/schedule_setting.html.

Estimate of Combined Aggregate Costs and Benefits

In FY 2014, the Department published final rules that adopted new
or amended energy conservation standards for seven different products,
including metal halide lamp fixtures, external power supplies,
commercial refrigeration equipment, walk-in coolers and freezers,
through the wall air conditioners and heat pumps, electric motors, and
furnace fans. These standards when combined with the other final rules
adopting standards since January 2009, are expected to save consumers
hundreds of billions of dollars on their utility bills through 2030.
 DOE believes that the three rulemakings that make up the Regulatory
Plan will also substantially benefit the Nation. However, because of
their current stage in the rulemaking process, DOE has not yet proposed
candidate standard levels for these products and cannot provide an
estimate of combined aggregate costs and benefits for these actions.
DOE will, however, in compliance with all applicable law, issue
standards that provide the maximum energy savings that are
technologically feasible and economically justified. Estimates of
energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of proposed
rulemakings for manufactured housing, general service lamps, and non-
weatherized gas furnaces.

DOE--ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY (EE)

Prerule Stage

45. Energy Conservation Standards for General Service Lamps

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(6)(A) and (B)
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 430.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2017.
 Abstract: Amendments to Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA)
in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA) direct DOE
to conduct two rulemaking cycles to evaluate energy conservation
standards for GSLs, the first of which must be initiated no later than
January 1, 2014. EISA specifically states that the scope of the
rulemaking is not limited to incandescent lamp technologies. EISA also
states that DOE must consider in the first rulemaking cycle the minimum
backstop requirement of 45 lumens per watt for GSLs effective January
1, 2020, established by EISA. This rulemaking constitutes DOE's first
rulemaking cycle.
 Statement of Need: EPCA requires minimum energy efficiency
standards for certain appliances and commercial equipment.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title III of the Energy Policy and
Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA or the Act) Public Law 94163 (42 U.S.C.
62916309 as codified) established the Energy Conservation Program for
Consumer Products Other Than Automobiles. Pursuant to EPCA any new or
amended energy conservation standard that the U.S. Department of Energy
(DOE) prescribes for certain products such as general service lamps
shall be designed to achieve the maximum improvement in energy
efficiency that is technologically feasible and economically justified
(42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(2)(A)) and result in a significant conservation of
energy (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(3)(B)).
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct rulemakings to
review standards and to revise standards to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that the Secretary determines is
technologically feasible and economically justified. In making this
determination DOE conducts a thorough analysis of the alternative
standard levels including the existing standard based on the criteria
specified by the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable law, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of
proposed rulemaking action.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Framework Document Availibility; 12/09/13 78 FR 73737
 Public Meeting.
Framework Document Comment Period 01/23/14 79 FR 3742
 Extended.
Framework Document Comment Period 02/07/14
 End.
Preliminary Analysis................ 12/00/14
NPRM................................ 02/00/16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/rulemaking.aspx?ruleid=83.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EERE-
2013-BT-STD-0051.
 Agency Contact: Lucy DeButts, Office of Buildings Technologies
Program, EE-

[[Page 76512]]

5B, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, 1000
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202 287-1604,
Email: lucy.debutts@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AD09

DOE--EE

Proposed Rule Stage

46. Energy Efficiency Standards for Manufactured Housing

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 17071
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 460.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, December 19, 2011.
 Abstract: Section 413 of EISA requires that DOE establish standards
for energy efficiency in manufactured housing. See 42 U.S.C.
17071(a)(1). DOE is directed to base the energy efficiency standards on
the most recent version of the International Energy Conservation Code
(IECC), except where DOE finds that the IECC is not cost effective, or
a more stringent standard would be more cost effective, based on the
impact of the IECC on the purchase price of manufactured housing and on
total life-cycle construction and operating costs. On June 13, 2014,
DOE published a notice of intent to establish a negotiated rulemaking
working group for the manufactured housing rulemaking under the
Appliance Standards and Rulemaking Federal Advisory Committee (ASRAC)
in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) and the
Negotiated Rulemaking Act (NRA) to negotiate proposed Federal standards
for the energy efficiency of manufactured homes (79 FR 33873). The
purpose of the working group is to discuss and, if possible, reach
consensus on a proposed rule for the energy efficiency of manufactured
homes.
 Statement of Need: EISA requires DOE to establish minimum energy
efficiency standards for manufactured housing.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 413 of EISA 2007, 42 U.S.C. 17071,
directs DOE to develop and publish energy standards for manufactured
housing.
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct a rulemaking to
establish standards based on the most recent version of the
International Energy Conservation Code (IECC), except in cases in which
the Secretary finds that the IECC is not cost effective or a more
stringent standard would be more cost effective based on the impact of
the IECC on the purchase price of manufactured housing and on total
lifecycle construction and operating costs.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable law, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of
proposed rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 02/22/10 75 FR 7556
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 03/24/10 .......................
Request for Information............. 06/25/13 78 FR 37995
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
Extension of Term; Notice of Public 10/01/14 79 FR 59154
 Meeting.
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/rulemaking.aspx?ruleid=97.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EERE-
2009-BT-BC-0021.
 Agency Contact: Joseph Hagerman, Office of Building Technologies,
EE-2J, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy,
1000 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202 586-4549,
Email: joseph.hagerman@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AC11

DOE--EE

47. Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Non-weatherized Gas
Furnaces

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6295(f)(4)(e); 42 U.S.C. 6295(m)(1); 42
U.S.C. 6295(gg)(3)
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 430.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, April 24, 2015, One year after
issuance of the proposed rule. Final, Judicial, April 24, 2016.
 Abstract: The Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA), as
amended, prescribes energy conservation standards for various consumer
products and certain commercial and industrial equipment, including
residential furnaces. EPCA also requires the DOE to periodically
determine whether more-stringent amended standards would be
technologically feasible and economically justified and would save a
significant amount of energy. DOE is amending its energy conservation
standards for residential non-weatherized gas furnaces and mobile home
gas furnaces in partial fulfillment of a court-ordered remand of DOE's
2011 rulemaking for these products.
 Statement of Need: EPCA requires minimum energy efficiency
standards for certain appliances and commercial equipment, including
residential furnaces.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title III of the Energy Policy and
Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA or the Act), Public Law 94-163 (42
U.S.C. 6291-6309, as codified), established the Energy Conservation
Program for Consumer Products Other Than Automobiles. Pursuant to EPCA,
any new or amended energy conservation standard that the U.S.
Department of Energy (DOE) prescribes for certain products, such as
residential furnaces, shall be designed to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that is technologically feasible and
economically justified (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(2)(A)) and result in a
significant conservation of energy (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(3)(B)).
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct rulemakings to
review standards and to revise standards to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that the Secretary determines is
technologically feasible and economically justified. In making this
determination, DOE conducts a thorough analysis of the alternative
standard levels, including the existing standard, based on the criteria
specified by the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable laws, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when

[[Page 76513]]

DOE issues the notice of proposed rulemaking.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Public Meeting............ 10/30/14 79 FR 64517
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/product.aspx/productid/72.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: John Cymbalsky, Office of Building Technologies
Program, EE-5B, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy, 1000 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202
287-1692, Email: john.cymbalsky@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AD20
BILLING CODE 6450-01-P

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

Statement of Regulatory Priorities for Fiscal Year 2015

As the Federal agency with lead responsibility for protecting the
health of all Americans and for providing supportive services for
vulnerable populations, the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) implements programs that strengthen the health care system;
advance scientific knowledge and innovation; improve the health,
safety, and well-being of the American people; and strengthen the
Nation's health and human services infrastructure.
 The Department's regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015 reflect
this complex mission through planned rulemakings structured to: Further
increase access to health care for all Americans, especially by
strengthening the Medicare, Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance
programs; build from previous experiences to safeguard the Nation's
food supply; provide consumers with information to help them make
healthy choices; and marshal the best research and technology available
to streamline and modernize the health care delivery and medical-
product availability systems. The following overview highlights
forthcoming rulemakings exemplifying these priorities.

Encouraging Delivery System Reforms To Ensure Consumer Access to High
Quality, Affordable Care

The Affordable Care Act expands access to health insurance through
improvements in Medicaid, the establishment of Affordable Insurance
Exchanges, and coordination between Medicaid, the Children's Health
Insurance Program, and the Exchanges. A forthcoming final rule will
bring to completion regulatory provisions that support our efforts to
assist States in implementing Medicaid eligibility determinations,
appeals, enrollment changes, and other State health subsidy programs
stemming from the Affordable Care Act. The intent of the rule is to
afford each State substantial discretion in the design and operation of
that State's exchange, with standardization provided only where
directed by the Act or where there are compelling practical, efficiency
or consumer-protection reasons.
 A forthcoming proposed rule would establish policies related to
``Stage 3'' of the Medicare/Medicaid Electronic Health Record (EHR)
Incentive Programs. The rule is necessary to further implement
provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that provide
incentive payments to eligible providers, hospitals, and critical
access hospitals participating in Medicare and Medicaid programs that
adopt certified EHR technology. The proposal will offer for comment
specific criteria that these providers and facilities would need to
meet in order to successfully demonstrate ``meaningful use,'' focusing
on advanced use of EHR technology to promote improved outcomes for
patients.
 The Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act (MHPAEA) requires
parity between mental health or substance use disorder benefits and
medical/surgical benefits, with respect to financial requirements and
treatment limitations under group health plans. A new proposed rule
would build on the 2013 final rule implementing MHPAEA by proposing
standards for Medicaid alternative benefit plans, Medicaid managed care
organizations, and the Children's Health Insurance Program.
 Another proposed rule would revise the requirements that long-term
care facilities must meet to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. The proposed changes are necessary to reflect advances in the
theory and practice of service delivery and safety for patients in
long-term care settings. The proposals are also an integral part of our
efforts to achieve broad-based improvements both in the quality of
health care furnished through Federal programs, and in patient safety,
while at the same time reducing procedural burdens on providers.
 In addition, nine Medicare payment rules will be updated to better
reflect the current state of medical practice and to respond to
feedback from providers seeking financial predictability and
flexibility to better serve patients.

Streamlining Regulations Through Retrospective Review

Consistent with the President's Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review,'' the Department remains committed to
reducing regulatory burden on States, health care providers and
suppliers, and other regulated entities by updating current rules to
align them with emerging health and safety standards, and by
eliminating outdated procedural provisions.
 For example, CMS will continue its retrospective review efforts by
finalizing an April 2014, proposal to amend the fire safety standards
for hospitals, long-term care facilities, ambulatory surgery centers,
and a variety of other inpatient care settings. Further, this rule will
adopt the most recent edition of the Life Safety Code (LSC) and
eliminate references in our regulations to all earlier editions, which
will give clear guidance to providers and institutions for these
important safety standards.
 Similarly, a forthcoming final rule from the Administration for
Children and Families (ACF) will provide the first comprehensive update
of Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) regulations since 1998. The
CCDF is a Federal program that provides formula grants to States,
territories, and tribes. The program provides financial assistance to
low-income families to access child care so that they can work or
attend a job-training or educational program. It also provides funding
to improve the quality of child care and increase the supply and
availability of child care for all families, including those who
receive no direct assistance through CCDF.
 Another ACF effort would modify existing Head Start performance
standards to take into account increased knowledge in the early
childhood field since the standards were last updated more than 15
years ago. Changes would strengthen requirements on curriculum and
assessment, supervision, health and safety, and governance. The notice
of proposed rulemaking would also streamline existing regulations to

[[Page 76514]]

eliminate unnecessary or duplicative requirements.
 Additionally, the Department, in collaboration with the President's
Office of Science and Technology Policy will propose revisions to
existing rules governing research on human subjects, often referred to
as the Common Rule. This rule would apply to institutions and
researchers supported by HHS as well as researchers throughout much of
the Federal Government who are conducting research involving human
subjects. The proposed revisions will aim to better protect human
subjects while facilitating research, and also reducing burden, delay,
and ambiguity for investigators.

Helping Consumers Identify Healthy Choices in the Marketplace

Since 1980, the prevalence of obesity among children and
adolescents has almost tripled. Obesity has both immediate and long-
term effects on the health and quality of life of those affected,
increasing their risk for chronic diseases, including heart disease,
type 2 diabetes, certain cancers, stroke, and arthritis--as well as
increasing medical costs for the individual and the health system.
Building on the momentum of the First Lady's ``Let's Move'' initiative,
HHS has mobilized skills and expertise from across the Department to
address this epidemic with research, public education, and public
health strategies.
 Adding to this effort, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) plans
to issue four final rules designed to provide more useful, easy to
understand dietary information tools that will help millions of
American families identify healthy choices in the marketplace. These
rules, each benefiting from input received in extended public comment
periods, will:
 Require restaurants and similar retail food establishments
with 20 or more locations to list calorie content information for
standard menu items on restaurant menus and drive-through menu boards.
Other nutrient information--total calories, fat, saturated fat,
cholesterol, sodium, total carbohydrates, sugars, fiber, and total
protein--would have to be made available in writing upon request;
 Require vending machine operators who own or operate 20 or
more vending machines to disclose calorie content for some items. The
Department anticipates that such information will ensure that patrons
of chain restaurants and vending machines have access to essential
nutrition information;
 Revise the nutrition and supplement facts labels on
packaged food, which has not been updated since 1993 when mandatory
nutrition labeling of food was first required. The aim of the proposed
revision is to provide updated and easier to read nutrition information
on the label to help consumers maintain healthy dietary practices; and
 Update the serving-size information provided within the
food label, providing current nutrition information based on the amount
of food that is typically eaten as a serving, to assist consumers in
maintaining healthy dietary practices.

Implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act

FDA will maintain the agency's ongoing effort to promulgate rules
required under the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), working with
public and private partners to build a new system of food safety
oversight. Responding to extensive feedback from stakeholders, the
agency recently issued for further public comment supplemental
proposals structured to:
 Establish preventive controls in the manufacture and
distribution of human foods and of animal feeds. These regulations
constitute the heart of the FSMA food safety program by instituting
uniform practices for the manufacture and distribution of food
products, to ensure that those products are safe for consumption and
will not cause or spread disease.
 Ensure that produce sold in the United States meets
rigorous safety standards. The regulation would set enforceable,
science-based standards for the safe production and harvesting of fresh
produce at the farm and the packing house, to minimize the risk of
adverse health consequences.
 Require food importers to establish a verification program
to improve the safety of food imported into the United States.
Specifically, FDA will outline proposed standards that foreign food
suppliers must meet to ensure that imported food is produced in a
manner that is as safe as food produced in the United States.

Reducing Tobacco Use

In 2009, Congress enacted the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act, authorizing FDA to regulate the manufacture, marketing,
and distribution of tobacco products, to protect the public health and
to reduce tobacco use by minors. In the coming fiscal year, benefiting
from public scrutiny of an April 2014, regulatory proposal, FDA plans
to issue a final rule that will clarify which products containing
tobacco, in addition to cigarettes, are subject to the Agency's
oversight. This rule would also allow FDA to establish regulatory
standards on the sale and distribution of tobacco products, such as
age-related access restrictions on advertising and promotion, as
appropriate, to protect public health.

Modernizing Medical-Product Safety and Availability

In 2012, Congress provided new authorities under the Food and Drug
Administration Safety and Innovation Act to support its mission of
safeguarding the quality of medical products available to the public
while ensuring the availability of innovative products. FDA is
implementing this new authority with a focus on protecting the quality
of medical products in the global drug supply chain; improving the
availability of needed drugs and devices; and promoting better-informed
decisions by health professionals and patients.
 For example, the Agency plans to issue a final rule this year to
require manufacturers of certain drugs, such as drugs used for cancer
treatments, anesthesia drugs, and other drugs that are critical to the
treatment of serious diseases and life-threatening conditions, to
report discontinuances or interruptions in the manufacturing of these
products. This rule will help FDA address and potentially prevent drug
shortages, and it will help inform providers and public health
officials earlier about potential drug shortages.
 Another forthcoming final rule will update FDA's regulations to
reflect the increased use of generic drugs in the current marketplace,
and will describe approaches for brand name and generic drug
manufacturers to update product labeling. This rule will revise and
clarify procedures for updates to product labeling to reflect certain
types of newly acquired safety information through submission of a
``changes being effected'' supplement.

Reducing Gun Violence

As part of the President's continuing efforts to reduce gun
violence, HHS will issue a final rule to remove unnecessary legal
barriers under the HIPAA Privacy Rule that may prevent States from
reporting certain information to the National Instant Criminal
Background Check System (NICS). The NICS helps to ensure that guns are
not sold to those prohibited by law from having them, including felons,
those convicted of domestic violence, and individuals involuntarily
committed to a mental institution. However, the background check system
is only as effective as the

[[Page 76515]]

information that is available to it. The rule will give States and
certain covered entities added flexibility to ensure accurate but
limited information is reported to the NICS, which would not include
clinical, diagnostic, or other mental health information. Instead,
certain covered entities would be permitted to disclose the minimum
necessary identifying information about individuals who have been
involuntarily committed to a mental institution or otherwise have been
determined by a lawful authority to be a danger to themselves or
others.

HHS--FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA)

Proposed Rule Stage

48. Current Good Manufacturing Practice and Hazard Analysis and Risk-
Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 331; 21 U.S.C. 342; 21
U.S.C. 350c; 21 U.S.C. 350d note; 21 U.S.C. 350g; 21 U.S.C. 350g note;
21 U.S.C. 371; 21 U.S.C. 374; 42 U.S.C. 264; 42 U.S.C. 243; 42 U.S.C.
271;
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 507.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 2012. Final, Judicial,
August 30, 2015.
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) mandates that FDA
promulgate final regulations to establish preventive controls not later
than 18 months after the date of enactment of FSMA. Certain
requirements regarding standards for pet food and other animal feeds
mandated by the FDA Amendment Act of 2007 will be subsumed in the FSMA
rulemaking. Per consent decree, FDA will submit the final rule to the
Federal Register for publication by 08/30/2015.
 Abstract: This rule establishes requirements for good manufacturing
practice, and requires that certain facilities establish and implement
hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls for animal food,
including ingredients and mixed animal feed. This action is intended to
provide greater assurance that food for all animals, including pets, is
safe.
 Statement of Need: Regulatory oversight of the animal food industry
has traditionally been limited and focused on a few known safety issues
so there could be problems that remain unaddressed potentially
affecting animal health. The massive pet food recall due to
adulteration with melamine and cyanuric acid in 2007 is an example.
Actions taken by two protein suppliers in China affected a large number
of pet food manufacturers in the United States and created a nationwide
problem. By the time the cause of the problem was identified melamine-
and cyanuric-acid contaminated ingredients had resulted in the
adulteration of millions of individual servings of pet food sickening
and killing pets. Salmonella contaminated pet food has been the cause
of illness in humans: In 2007 people became ill handling pet food
contaminated with a rare Salmonella serotype; over 200 people in the
United Kingdom and United States became ill from handling Salmonella
contaminated frozen mice (used for pet food) that came from a U.S.
facility; and people were infected with Salmonella in 2012 that
originated from contaminated dog and cat food. Other animal food
recalls have resulted from contamination with aflatoxins, dioxins
excessive vitamin D, and insufficient thiamine. Congress passed FSMA
which the President signed into law on January 4, 2011 (Pub. L. 111-
353). Section 103 of FSMA amended the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic
Act (FD&C Act) by adding section 418 (21 U.S.C. 350g) Hazard Analysis
and Risk-Based Preventive Controls. In enacting FSMA Congress sought to
improve the safety of food in the United States by taking a risk-based
approach to food safety emphasizing prevention. Section 418 of the FD&C
Act requires owners, operators, or agents in charge of food facilities
to develop and implement a written hazard analysis and preventive
controls to significantly minimize or prevent the occurrence of hazards
and help prevent adulteration of food.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA's authority for issuing this rule is
provided in FSMA (Pub. L. 111-353), which amended the FD&C Act by
establishing section 418, which directed FDA to publish implementing
regulations. FSMA also amended section 301 of the FD&C Act to add
301(uu) that states the operation of a facility that manufactures,
processes, packs, or holds food for sale in the United States, if the
owner, operator, or agent in charge of such facility is not in
compliance with section 418 of the FD&C Act, is a prohibited act. FDA
is also issuing this rule under the certain provisions of section 402
of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 342) regarding adulterated food. In
addition, section 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 371(a)) authorizes
the Agency to issue regulations for the efficient enforcement of the
Act. To the extent the regulations are related to communicable disease,
FDA's legal authority also derives from sections 311, 361, and 368 of
the Public Health Services Act (42 U.S.C. 243, 264, and 271). Finally,
FDA is acting under the direction of section 1002(a) of title X of
FDAAA of 2007 (21 U.S.C. 2102) which requires the Secretary to
establish processing standards for pet food.
 Alternatives: The Food Safety Modernization Act requires FDA to
promulgate regulations to establish hazard analyses and risk-based
preventive controls.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
would be fewer cases of contaminated animal food. Discovering
contaminated food ingredients before they are used in a finished
product would reduce the number of recalls of contaminated animal food
products. Benefits would include reduced medical treatment costs for
animals, reduced loss of market value of livestock, reduced loss of
animal companionship, and reduced loss in value of animal food. More
stringent requirements for animal food manufacturing would maintain
public confidence in the safety of animal food, and protect animal and
human health. FDA lacks sufficient data to quantify the benefits of the
proposed rule. The compliance costs of the proposed rule would result
from the additional labor and capital required to perform the hazard
analyses, write and implement the preventive controls, monitor and
verify the preventive controls, take corrective actions if preventive
controls fail to prevent food from becoming contaminated, and implement
the current good manufacturing practice regulations.
 Risks: FDA is proposing this rule to provide greater assurance that
food intended for animals is safe, and will not cause illness or injury
to animals. This rule would implement a risk-based, preventive controls
food safety system intended to prevent animal food containing hazards,
which may cause illness or injury to animals or humans, from entering
the food supply. The rule would apply to domestic and imported animal
food (including raw materials and ingredients). Fewer cases of animal
food contamination would reduce the risk of serious illness and death
to animals.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/29/13 78 FR 64736

[[Page 76516]]


NPRM Comment Period Extension....... 02/03/14 79 FR 6111
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/26/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extension End... 03/31/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58475
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Kim Young, Deputy Director, Division of Compliance,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Veterinary Medicine, Room 106 (MPN-4, HFV-230), 7519
Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9207, Email:
kim.young@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG10

HHS--FDA

49. Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of
Produce for Human Consumption

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 342; 21 U.S.C. 350h; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42
U.S.C. 264; Pub. L. 111-353 (signed on January 4, 2011)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 112.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Judicial, October 2015.
 Abstract: This rule will establish science-based minimum standards
for the safe production and harvesting of those types of fruits and
vegetables that are raw agricultural commodities for which the
Secretary has determined that such standards minimize the risk of
serious adverse health consequences or death. The purpose of the rule
is to reduce the risk of illness associated with fresh produce.
 Statement of Need: FDA is taking this action to meet the
requirements of the FSMA and to address the food safety challenges
associated with fresh produce and, thereby, protect the public health.
Data indicate that between 1973 and 1997, outbreaks of foodborne
illness in the U.S. associated with fresh produce increased in absolute
numbers and as a proportion of all reported foodborne illness
outbreaks. The Agency issued general good agricultural practice
guidelines for fresh fruits and vegetables over a decade ago.
Incorporating prevention-oriented public health principles, and
incorporating what we have learned in the past decade into a regulation
is a critical step in establishing standards for the production and
harvesting of produce, and reducing the foodborne illness attributed to
fresh produce.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA is relying on the amendments to the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act), provided by
section 105 of the Food Safety Modernization Act (codified primarily in
section 419 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 350h)). FDA's legal basis also
derives in part from sections 402(a)(3), 402(a)(4), and 701(a) of the
FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 342(a)(3), 342(a)(4), and 371(a)). FDA also intends
to rely on section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) (42
U.S.C. 264), which gives FDA authority to promulgate regulations to
control the spread of communicable disease.
 Alternatives: Section 105 of the Food Safety Modernization Act
requires FDA to conduct this rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA estimates that the costs to more
than 300,000 domestic and foreign producers and packers of fresh
produce from the proposal would include one-time costs (e.g., new tools
and equipment) and recurring costs (e.g., monitoring, training,
recordkeeping). FDA anticipates that the benefits would be a reduction
in foodborne illness and deaths associated with fresh produce. The
monetized annual benefits of this rule are estimated to be $1 billion,
and the monetized annual costs are estimated to be $460 million,
domestically.
 Risks: This regulation would directly and materially advance the
Federal Government's substantial interest in reducing the risks for
illness and death associated with foodborne infections associated with
the consumption of fresh produce. Less restrictive and less
comprehensive approaches have not been sufficiently effective in
reducing the problems addressed by this regulation. FDA anticipates
that the regulation would lead to a significant decrease in foodborne
illness associated with fresh produce consumed in the United States.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/16/13 78 FR 3503
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/26/13 78 FR 24692
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 09/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48637
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/15/13 .......................
Notice of Intent To Prepare an 08/19/13 78 FR 50358
 Environmental Impact Statement for
 the Proposed Rule.
Notice of Intent To Prepare 11/15/13 .......................
 Environmental Impact Statement for
 the Proposed Rule Comment Period
 End.
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69605
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/22/13 .......................
Environmental Impact Statement for 03/11/14 79 FR 13593
 the Proposed Rule; Comment Period
 Extended.
Environmental Impact Statement for 04/18/14 .......................
 the Proposed Rule; Comment Period
 Extended End.
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58433
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None
 Agency Contact: Samir Assar, Supervisory Consumer Safety Officer,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, Office of Food Safety,
5100 Paint Branch Parkway, College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-1636,
Email: samir.assar@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG35


[[Page 76517]]

HHS--FDA

50. Current Good Manufacturing and Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based
Preventive Controls for Human Food

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 342; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42 U.S.C. 264; Pub.
L. 111-353 (signed on Jan. 4, 2011)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 117.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 4, 2012, Final rule must be
published no later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the
FDA Food Safety Modernization Act.
 Abstract: This rule would require a food facility to have and
implement preventive controls to significantly minimize or prevent the
occurrence of hazards that could affect food manufactured, processed,
packed, or held by the facility. This action is intended to prevent or,
at a minimum, quickly identify foodborne pathogens before they get into
the food supply.
 Statement of Need: FDA is taking this action to meet the
requirements of FSMA and to better address changes that have occurred
in the food industry and thereby protect public health. High-profile
outbreaks of foodborne illness over the last decade and data showing
that such illnesses strike one in six Americans each year have caused a
widespread recognition that we need a new modern food safety system
that prevents food safety problems in the first place not a system that
just reacts once they happen. Section 103 of FSMA amended the Federal
Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by adding section 418 (21 U.S.C.
350g) Hazard Analysis and Risk Based Preventive Controls. In enacting
FSMA Congress sought to improve the safety of food in the United States
by taking a risk-based approach to food safety emphasizing prevention.
Section 418 of the FD&C Act requires owners operators or agents in
charge of food facilities to develop and implement a written plan that
describes and documents how their facility will implement the hazard
analysis and preventive controls required by this section. In addition
to containing new provisions requiring hazard analysis and risk-based
preventive controls this rule would also revise the existing Current
Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) requirements found in 21 CFR part
110 that were last updated in 1986.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA is relying on section 103 of the FSMA.
FDA is also relying on sections 402(a)(3), (a)(4) and 701(a) of the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act) (21 U.S.C.
342(a)(3), (a)(4), and 371(a)). Under section 402(a)(3) of the FD&C
Act, a food is adulterated if it consists in whole, or in part, of any
filthy, putrid, or decomposed substance, or if it is otherwise unfit
for food. Under section 402(a)(4), a food is adulterated if it has been
prepared, packed, or held under unsanitary conditions whereby it may
have become contaminated with filth, or may have been rendered
injurious to health. Under section 701(a) of the FD&C Act, FDA is
authorized to issue regulations for the efficient enforcement of the
FD&C Act. FDA's legal basis also derives from section 361 of the Public
Health Service Act (PHS Act) (42 U.S.C. 264), which gives FDA authority
to promulgate regulations to control the spread of communicable
disease.
 Alternatives: An alternative to this rulemaking is not to update
the CGMP regulations, and instead issue separate regulations to
implement the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA estimates that the costs from
the proposal to domestic and foreign producers and packers of processed
foods would include new one-time costs (e.g., adoption of written food
safety plans, setting up training programs, implementing allergen
controls, and purchasing new tools and equipment) and recurring costs
(e.g., auditing and monitoring suppliers of sensitive raw materials and
ingredients, training employees, and completing and maintaining records
used throughout the facility). FDA anticipates that the benefits would
be a reduced risk of foodborne illness and death from processed foods,
and a reduction in the number of safety-related recalls.
 Risks: This regulation will directly and materially advance the
Federal Government's substantial interest in reducing the risks for
illness and death associated with foodborne infections. Less
restrictive and less comprehensive approaches have not been effective
in reducing the problems addressed by this regulation. The regulation
will lead to a significant decrease in foodborne illness in the U.S.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/16/13 78 FR 3646
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/26/13 78 FR 24691
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 09/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48636
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/15/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69604
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/22/13 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58523
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Jenny Scott, Senior Advisor, Department of Health
and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Office of Food
Safety, 5100 Paint Branch Parkway, College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240
402-1488, Email: jenny.scott@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG36

HHS--FDA

51. Reports of Distribution and Sales Information for Antimicrobial
Active Ingredients Used in Food-Producing Animals

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 360b(l)(3)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 514.80.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would require that the sponsor of each
approved or conditionally approved antimicrobial new animal drug
product submit an annual report to the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA or Agency) on the amount of each antimicrobial active ingredient
in the drug product that is sold or distributed for use in food-
producing animals, including any distributor-labeled product. In
addition to codifying these requirements, FDA is exploring other
requirements for the collection of additional drug distribution data.
 Statement of Need: Section 105 of the Animal Drug User Fee
Amendments of 2008 (ADUFA) amended section 512 of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) to require that the sponsor of each
approved or conditionally appoved new animal drug

[[Page 76518]]

product that contains an antimicrobial active ingredient submit an
annual report to FDA on the amount of each antimicrobial active
ingredient in the drug product that is sold or distributed for use in
food-producing animals, including information on any distributor-
labeled product. This legislation was enacted to assist FDA in its
continuing analysis of the interactions (including drug resistance),
efficacy, and safety of antibiotics approved for use in both humans and
food-producing animals (H. Rpt. 110-804). This proposed rulemaking is
to codify these requirements. In addition, FDA is exploring the
establishment of other reporting requirements to provide for the
collection of additional drug distribution data, including reporting
sales and distribution data by species.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 105 of ADUFA (Pub. L. 110-316; 122
Stat. 3509) amended section 512 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) to
require that sponsors of approved or conditionally approved
applications for new animal drugs containing an antimicrobial active
ingredient submit an annual report to the Food and Drug Administration
on the amount of each such ingredient in the drug that is sold or
distributed for use in food-producing animals, including information on
any distributor-labeled product. FDA is also issuing this rule under
its authority under section 512(l) of the FD&C Act to collect
information relating to approved new animal drugs.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking codifies the congressional mandate of
ADUFA section 105. The annual reporting required under ADUFA section
105 is necessary to address potential problems concerning the safety
and effectiveness of antimicrobial new animal drugs. Less frequent data
collection would hinder this purpose.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Sponsors of antimicrobial drugs sold
for use in food-producing animals currently report sales and
distribution data to the Agency under section 105 of ADUFA; this
rulemaking will codify in FDA's regulations a current statutory
requirement. There may be a minimal additional labor cost if any other
reporting requirement is proposed. Additional data beyond the reporting
requirements specified in ADUFA section 105 will help the Agency better
understand how the use of medically important antimicrobial drugs in
food-producing animals may relate to antimicrobial resistance.
 Risks: Section 105 of ADUFA was enacted to address the problem of
antimicrobial resistance, and to help ensure that FDA has the necessary
information to examine safety concerns related to the use of
antibiotics in food-producing animals. 154 Congressional Record H7534.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/27/12 77 FR 44177
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 09/25/12 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 09/26/12 77 FR 59156
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/26/12 .......................
NPRM................................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sujaya Dessai, Supervisory Veterinary Medical
Officer, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Veterinary Medicine, MPN-4, Room 2620, HFV-
212, 7529 Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9075,
Email: sujaya.dessai@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG45

HHS--FDA

52. Foreign Supplier Verification Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 384a; title III, sec 301 of FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. 111-353, establishing sec 805 of the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act)
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 4, 2012.
 Abstract: This rule describes what a food importer must do to
verify that its foreign suppliers produce food that is as safe as food
produced in the United States. FDA is taking this action to improve the
safety of food that is imported into the United States.
 Statement of Need: The proposed rule is needed to help improve the
safety of food that is imported into the United States. Imported food
products have increased dramatically over the last several decades.
Data indicate that about 15 percent of the U.S. food supply is
imported. FSMA provides the Agency with additional tools and
authorities to help ensure that imported foods are safe for U.S.
consumers. Included among these tools and authorities is a requirement
that importers perform risk-based foreign supplier verification
activities to verify that the food they import is produced in
compliance with U.S. requirements, as applicable, and is not
adulterated or misbranded. This proposed rule on the content of foreign
supplier verification programs (FSVPs) sets forth the proposed steps
that food importers would be required to take to fulfill their
responsibility to help ensure the safety of the food they bring into
this country.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 805(c) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
384a(c)) directs FDA, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment
of FSMA, to issue regulations on the content of FSVPs. Section
805(c)(4) states that verification activities under such programs may
include monitoring records for shipments, lot-by-lot certification of
compliance, annual onsite inspections, checking the hazard analysis and
risk-based preventive control plans of foreign suppliers, and
periodically testing and sampling shipments of imported products.
Section 301(b) of FSMA amends section 301 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
331) by adding section 301(zz), which designates as a prohibited act
the importation or offering for importation of a food if the importer
(as defined in section 805) does not have in place an FSVP in
compliance with section 805. In addition, section 301(c) of FSMA amends
section 801(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) by stating that an
article of food being imported or offered for import into the United
States shall be refused admission if it appears, from an examination of
a sample of such an article or otherwise, that the importer is in
violation of section 805.
 Alternatives: We are considering a range of alternative approaches
to the requirements for foreign supplier verification activities. These
might include: (1) establishing a general requirement that importers
determine and conduct whatever verification activity would adequately
address the risks associated with the foods they import; (2) allowing
importers to choose from a list of possible verification mechanisms,
such as the activities listed in section 805(c)(4) of the FD&C Act; (3)
requiring importers to conduct particular verification activities for
certain types of foods or risks (e.g., for high-risk foods), but
allowing flexibility in verification activities for other types of
foods or risks; and (4) specifying use of a particular verification
activity for each particular kind of food or risk. To the extent
possible while still ensuring that verification activities are adequate
to ensure that foreign suppliers are

[[Page 76519]]

producing food in accordance with U.S. requirements, we will seek to
give importers the flexibility to choose verification procedures that
are appropriate to adequately address the risks associated with the
importation of a particular food, and accounted for in the proposed
rules that contain these requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: We are still estimating the cost and
benefits for this proposed rule. However, the available information
suggests that, if finalized, the costs will be significant. Our
preliminary analysis of FY10 OASIS data suggests that this rule will
cover about 60,000 importers, 240,000 unique combinations of importers
and foreign suppliers, and 540,000 unique combinations of importers,
products, and foreign suppliers. These numbers imply that provisions
that require activity for each importer, each unique combination of
importer and foreign supplier, or each unique combination of importer,
product, and foreign supplier will generate significant costs. An
example of a provision linked to combinations of importers and foreign
suppliers would be a requirement to conduct a verification activity,
such as an onsite audit, under certain conditions. The cost of onsite
audits will depend, in part, on whether foreign suppliers can provide
the same onsite audit results to different importers, or whether every
importer will need to take some action with respect to each of their
foreign suppliers. The benefits of this proposed rule will consist of
the reduction of adverse health events linked to imported food that
could result from increased compliance with applicable requirements,
and are accounted for in the proposed rules that contain those
requirements and are accounted for in the proposed rules that contain
those requirements.
 Risks: As stated above, about 15 percent of the U.S. food supply is
imported, and many of these imported foods are high-risk commodities.
According to recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, each year, about 48 million Americans get sick, 128,000 are
hospitalized, and 3,000 die from foodborne diseases. We expect that the
adoption of FSVPs by food importers will benefit the public health by
helping to ensure that imported food is produced in compliance with
other applicable food safety regulations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/29/13 78 FR 45729
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/26/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69602
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/27/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58573
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Brian L. Pendleton, Senior Policy Advisor,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Office of Policy, WO 32, Room 4245, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver
Spring, MD 20993-0002, Phone: 301 796-4614, Fax: 301 847-8616, Email:
brian.pendleton@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG64

HHS--FDA

Final Rule Stage

53. ``Tobacco Products'' Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.; The Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act; Pub. L. 111-31; The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
(Tobacco Control Act) provides the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
authority to regulate cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, roll-your-own
tobacco, and smokeless tobacco. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (FD&C Act), as amended by the Tobacco Control Act, permits FDA to
issue regulations deeming other tobacco products to be subject to the
FD&C Act. This rule would deem additional products meeting the
statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' to be subject to the FD&C
Act, and would specify additional restrictions.
 Statement of Need: Currently, the Tobacco Control Act provides FDA
with immediate authority to regulate cigarettes, cigarette tobacco,
roll-your-own tobacco, and smokeless tobacco. The Tobacco Control Act
also permits FDA to issue regulations deeming other tobacco products
that meet the statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' to also be
subject to the FD&C Act. This regulation is necessary to afford FDA the
authority to regulate additional products which include hookah,
electronic cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco, other novel tobacco
products, and future tobacco products.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 901 of the FD&C Act, as amended by
the Tobacco Control Act, permits FDA to issue regulations deeming other
tobacco products to be subject to the FD&C Act. Section 906(d) provides
FDA with the authority to propose restrictions on the sale and
distribution of tobacco products, including restrictions on the access
to, and the advertising and promotion of, tobacco products if FDA
determines that such regulation would be appropriate for the protection
of the public health.
 Alternatives: In addition to the benefits and costs of both options
for the proposed rule, FDA assessed the benefits and costs of several
alternatives to the proposed rule: e.g., deeming only, but exempt
newly-deemed products from certain requirements; exempt certain classes
of products from certain requirements; deeming only, with no additional
provisions; and changes to the compliance periods.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule consists of two
coproposals, option 1 and option 2. The proposed option 1 deems all
products meeting the statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' except
accessories of a proposed deemed tobacco product to be subject to
chapter IX of the FD&C Act. Option 1 also proposes additional
provisions that would apply to proposed deemed products as well as to
certain other tobacco products. Option 2 is the same as option 1 except
that it exempts premium cigars. We expect that asserting our authority
over these tobacco products will enable us to take further regulatory
action in the future as appropriate; those actions will have their own
costs and benefits. The proposed rule would generate some direct
benefits by providing information to consumers about the risks and

[[Page 76520]]

characteristics of tobacco products which may result in consumers
reducing their use of cigars and other tobacco products. Other
potential benefits follow from premarket requirements which could
prevent more harmful products from appearing on the market and
worsening the health effects of tobacco product use. The proposed rule
would impose costs in the form of registration submission labeling and
other requirements; other likely costs are not quantifiable based on
current data.
 Risks: Adolescence is the peak time for tobacco use initiation and
experimentation. In recent years, new and emerging tobacco products,
sometimes referred to as ``novel tobacco products,'' have been
developed and are becoming an increasing concern to public health due,
in part, to their appeal to youth and young adults. Non-regulated
tobacco products come in many forms, including electronic cigarettes,
nicotine gels, and certain dissolvable tobacco products (i.e., those
dissolvable products that do not currently meet the definition of
smokeless tobacco under 21 U.S.C. 387(18) because they do not contain
cut, ground, powdered, or leaf tobacco, and instead contain nicotine
extracted from tobacco), and these products are widely available. This
deeming rule is necessary to provide FDA with authority to regulate
these products (e.g., registration, product and ingredient listing,
user fees for certain products, premarket requirements, and
adulteration and misbranding provisions). In addition, the additonal
restrictions that FDA seeks to promulgate for the proposed deemed
products will protect youth by restricting minors' access to these
products and will increase consumer understanding of the impact of
these products on public health. This rule is consistent with other
approaches that the Agency has taken to address the tobacco epidemic
and is particularly necessary, given that consumer use may be
gravitating to the proposed deemed products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/25/14 79 FR 23142
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/09/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 06/24/14 79 FR 35711
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/08/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Gerie Voss, Senior Regulatory Counsel, Department
of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Tobacco Products, Document Control Center, Building 71, Room G335,
10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20993, Phone: 877 287-
1373, Fax: 301 595-1426, Email: ctpregulations@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG38

HHS--FDA

54. Food Labeling: Calorie Labeling of Articles of Food Sold in Vending
Machines

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 343; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FDA published a proposed rule to establish requirements
for nutrition labeling of certain food items sold in certain vending
machines. FDA also proposed the terms and conditions for vending
machine operators registering to voluntarily be subject to the
requirements. FDA is issuing a final rule, and taking this action to
carry out section 4205 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking was mandated by section 4205 of
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act).
 Summary of Legal Basis: On March 23, 2010, the Affordable Care Act
(Pub. L. 111-148) was signed into law. Section 4205 amended 403(q)(5)
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by, among other
things, creating new clause (H) to require that vending machine
operators, who own or operate 20 or more machines, disclose calories
for certain food items. FDA has the authority to issue this rule under
sections 403(q)(5)(H) and 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
343(q)(5)(H), and 371(a)). Section 701(a) of the FD&C Act vests the
Secretary of Health and Human Services, and, by delegation, the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) with the authority to issue regulations
for the efficient enforcement of the FD&C Act.
 Alternatives: Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act requires the
Secretary (and by delegation, the FDA) to establish by regulation
requirements for calorie labeling of articles of food sold from covered
vending machines. Therefore, there are no alternatives to rulemaking.
FDA has analyzed alternatives that may reduce the burden of the
rulemaking, including analyzing the benefits and costs of: restricting
the flexibility of the format for calorie disclosure, lengthening the
compliance time, and extending the coverage of the rule to bulk vending
machines without selection buttons.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Any vending machine operator
operating fewer than 20 machines may voluntarily choose to be covered
by the national standard. It is anticipated that vending machine
operators that own or operate 20 or more vending machines will bear
costs associated with adding calorie information to vending machines.
FDA initially estimated that the total cost of complying with section
4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking would be
approximately $25.8 million initially, with a recurring cost of
approximately $24 million.
 Because comprehensive national data for the effects of vending
machine labeling do not exist, FDA did not quantify the benefits
associated with section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this
rulemaking in the proposed rule. Some studies have shown that some
consumers consume fewer calories when calorie content information is
displayed at the point of purchase. Consumers will benefit from having
this important nutrition information to assist them in making healthier
choices when consuming food away from home. Given the very high costs
associated with obesity and its associated health risks, FDA estimated
that if 0.02 percent of the adult obese population reduces energy
intake by at least 100 calories per week, then the benefits of section
4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking would be at least
as large as the costs.
 Risks: Americans now consume an estimated one-third of their total
calories from foods prepared outside the home, and spend almost half of
their food dollars on such foods. This rule will provide consumers with
information about the nutritional content of food to enable them to
make healthier food choices, and may help mitigate the trend of
increasing obesity in America.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76521]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/06/11 76 FR 19238
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/05/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Daniel Reese, Food Technologist, Department of
Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (HFS-820), 5100 Paint Branch Parkway,
College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-2126, Email:
daniel.reese@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG56

HHS--FDA

55. Food Labeling: Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in
Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 343; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FDA published a proposed rule in the Federal Register to
establish requirements for nutrition labeling of standard menu items in
chain restaurants and similar retail food establishments. FDA also
proposed the terms and conditions for restaurants and similar retail
food establishments registering to voluntarily be subject to the
Federal requirements. FDA is issuing a final rule, and taking this
action to carry out section 4205 of the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking was mandated by section 4205 of
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act).
 Summary of Legal Basis: On March 23, 2010, the Affordable Care Act
(Pub. L. 111-148) was signed into law. Section 4205 of the Affordable
Care Act amended 403(q)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(FD&C Act) by, among other things, creating new clause (H) to require
that certain chain restaurants and similar retail food establishments
with 20 or more locations disclose certain nutrient information for
standard menu items. FDA has the authority to issue this rule under
sections 403(a)(1), 403(q)(5)(H), and 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
343(a)(1), 343(q)(5)(H), and 371(a)). Section 701(a) of the FD&C Act
vests the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and, by delegation,
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with the authority to issue
regulations for the efficient enforcement of the FD&C Act.
 Alternatives: Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act requires the
Secretary, and by delegation the FDA, to establish by regulation
requirements for nutrition labeling of standard menu items for covered
restaurants and similar retail food establishments. Therefore, there
are no alternatives to rulemaking. FDA has analyzed alternatives that
may reduce the burden of this rulemaking, including analyzing the
benefits and costs of expanding and contracting the set of
establishments covered by this rule, and shortening or lengthening the
compliance time relative to the rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Chain restaurants and similar retail
food establishments covered by the Federal law operating in local
jurisdictions that impose different nutrition labeling requirements
will benefit from having a uniform national standard. Any restaurant or
similar retail food establishment with fewer than 20 locations may
voluntarily choose to be covered by the national standard. It is
anticipated that chain restaurants with 20 or more locations will bear
costs for adding nutrition information to menus and menu boards. FDA
initially estimated that the total cost of section 4205 and this
rulemaking would be approximately $80 million, annualized over 10
years, with a low annualized estimate of approximately $33 million and
a high annualized estimate of approximately $125 million over 10 years.
These costs (which are subject to change in the final rule) included an
initial cost of approximately $320 million with an annually recurring
cost of $45 million.
 Because comprehensive national data for the effects of menu
labeling do not exist, FDA did not quantify the benefits associated
with section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking. Some
studies have shown that some consumers consume fewer calories when
menus have information about calorie content displayed. Consumers will
benefit from having important nutrition information for the
approximately 30 percent of calories consumed away from home. Given the
very high costs associated with obesity and its associated health
risks, FDA estimated that if 0.6 percent of the adult obese population
reduces energy intake by at least 100 calories per week, then the
benefits of section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rule would
be at least as large as the costs.
 Risks: Americans now consume an estimated one-third of their total
calories on foods prepared outside the home, and spend almost half of
their food dollars on such foods. Unlike packaged foods that are
labeled with nutrition information, foods in restaurants, for the most
part, do not have nutrition information that is readily available when
ordered. Dietary intake data have shown that obese Americans consume
over 100 calories per meal more when eating food away from home, rather
than food at home. This rule will provide consumers information about
the nutritional content of food to enable them to make healthier food
choices, and may help mitigate the trend of increasing obesity in
America.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/06/11 76 FR 19192
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/05/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Daniel Reese, Food Technologist, Department of
Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (HFS-820), 5100 Paint Branch Parkway,
College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-2126, Email:
daniel.reese@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG57

HHS--FDA

56. Accreditation of Third-Party Auditors/Certification Bodies To
Conduct Food Safety Audits and To Issue Certifications

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 384d; Pub. L. 111-353; sec 307 FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act; other sections of FDA Food Safety
Modernization Act, as appropriate; 21 U.S.C. 371; 21 U.S.C. 381; 21
U.S.C. 384b; . . .

[[Page 76522]]

CFR Citation: 21 CFR 1.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 2012, Promulgate
implementing regulations.
 Final, Judicial, October 31, 2015.
 Per Public Law 111-353, section 307, promulgate, within 18 months
of enactment, certain implementing regulations for accreditation of
third-party auditors to conduct food safety audits. Per consent decree,
FDA will submit the final rule to the Federal Register for publication
by 10/31/15.
 Abstract: This rule establishes regulations for accreditation of
third-party auditors to conduct food safety audits. FDA is taking this
action to improve the safety of food that is imported into the United
States.
 Statement of Need: The use of accredited third-party auditors to
certify food imports will assist in ensuring the safety of food from
foreign origin entering U.S. commerce. Accredited third-party auditors
auditing foreign facilities can increase FDA's information about
foreign facilities that FDA may not have adequate resources to inspect
in a particular year. FDA will establish identified standards creating
overall uniformity to complete the task. Audits that result in issuance
of facility certificates will provide FDA information about the
compliance status of the facility. Additionally, auditors will be
required to submit audit reports that may be reviewed by FDA for
purposes of compliance assessment and work planning.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 808 of the FD&C Act directs FDA to
establish, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment, a system
for the recognition of accreditation bodies that accredit third-party
auditors, who, in turn, certify that their eligible entities meet the
requirements. If within 2 years after the date of the establishment of
the system, FDA has not identified and recognized an accreditation
body, FDA may directly accredit third party auditors.
 Alternatives: FSMA described in detail the framework for, and
requirements of, the accredited third-party auditor program.
Alternatives include certain oversight activities required of
recognized accreditation bodies that accredit third-party auditors, as
distinguished from third-party auditors directly accredited by FDA.
Another alternative relates to the nature of the required standards and
the degree to which those standards are prescriptive or flexible.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
would be less unsafe or misbranded food entering U.S. commerce.
Additional benefits include the increased flow of credible information
to FDA regarding the compliance status of foreign firms and their foods
that are ultimately offered for import into the United States, which
information, in turn, would inform FDA's work planning for inspection
of foreign food facilities and might result in a signal of possible
problems with a particular firm or its products, and with sufficient
signals, might raise questions about the rigor of the food safety
regulatory system of the country of origin. The compliance costs of the
proposed rule would result from the additional labor and capital
required of accreditation bodies seeking FDA recognition and of third-
party auditors seeking accreditation to the extent that will involve
the assembling of information for an application unique to the FDA
third-party program. The compliance costs associated with certification
will be accounted for separately under the costs associated with
participation in the voluntary qualified importer program, and the
costs associated with mandatory certification for high-risk food
imports. The third-party program is funded through revenue neutral-user
fees, which will be developed by FDA through rulemaking. User fee costs
will be accounted for in that rulemaking.
 Risks: FDA is proposing this rule to provide greater assurance the
food offered for import into the United States is safe and will not
cause injury or illness to animals or humans. The rule would implement
a program for accrediting third-party auditors to conduct food safety
audits of foreign food entities, including registered foreign food
facilities, and based on the findings of the regulatory audit, to issue
certifications to foreign food entities found to be in compliance with
FDA requirements. The certifications could be used by importers seeking
to participate in the Voluntary Qualified Importer Program for
expedited review and entry of product, and would be a means to provide
assurance of compliance as required by FDA based on risk-related
considerations. The rule would apply to any foreign or domestic
accreditation body seeking FDA recognition, any foreign or domestic
third-party auditor seeking accreditation, any registered foreign food
facility or other foreign food entity subject to a food safety audit
(including a regulatory audit conducted for purposes of certification),
and any importer seeking to participate in the Voluntary Qualified
Importer Program. Fewer instances of unsafe or misbranded food entering
U.S. commerce would reduce the risk of serious illness and death to
humans and animals.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/29/13 78 FR 45781
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/26/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69603
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/27/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Charlotte A. Christin, Acting Director, Division of
Dietary Supplement Programs, Department of Health and Human Services,
Food and Drug Administration, Division of Dietary Supplement Programs,
Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, 4D042, College Park, MD
20740, Phone: 240 402-3708, Email: charlotte.christin@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG66

HHS--FDA

57. Revision of Postmarketing Reporting Requirements Discontinuance or
Interruption in Supply of Certain Products (Drug Shortages)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: secs 506c, 506c-1, 506d, and 506f of the FDA&C
Act, as amended by title X (Drug Shortages) of FDASIA, Pub. L. 112-144,
July 9, 2012
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 314.81; 21 CFR 314.91.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 9, 2014, Not later than 18
months after the date of enactment of FDASIA, FDA must adopt the final
regulation implementing section 506C as amended.
 Section 1001 of FDASIA states that not later than 18 months after
the date of enactment of FDASIA, the Secretary shall adopt a final
regulation implementing section 506(c) as amended.
 Abstract: This rule would require manufacturers of certain drug
products to report discontinuances or

[[Page 76523]]

interruptions in the manufacturing of these products 6 months prior to
the discontinuance or interruption, or if that is not possible, as soon
as practicable. Manufacturers must notify FDA of a discontinuance or
interruption in the manufacture of drugs that are life-supporting,
life-sustaining, or intended for use in the prevention or treatment of
a debilitating disease or condition.
 Statement of Need: The Food and Drug Administration Safety and
Innovation Act (FDASIA), Public Law 112-144 (July 9, 2012), amends the
FD&C Act to require manufacturers of certain drug products to report to
FDA discontinuances or interruptions in the production of these
products that are likely to meaningfully disrupt supply 6 months prior
to the discontinuance or interruption, or if that is not possible, as
soon as practicable. FDASIA also amends the FD&C Act to include other
provisions related to drug shortages. Drug shortages have a significant
impact on patient access to critical medications, and the number of
drug shortages has risen steadily since 2005 to a high of 251 shortages
in 2011. Notification to FDA of a shortage or an issue that may lead to
a shortage is critical--FDA was able to prevent more than 100 shortages
in the first 3 quarters of 2012 due to early notification. This rule
will implement the FDASIA drug shortages provisions, allowing FDA to
more quickly and efficiently respond to shortages, thereby improving
patient access to critical medications, and promoting public health.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Sections 506(c), 506(c)-1, 506(d), 506(e),
and 506(f) of the FD&C Act, as amended by title X (Drug Shortages) of
FDASIA.
 Alternatives: The principal alternatives assessed were to provide
guidance on voluntary notification to FDA, or to continue to rely on
the requirements under the current interim final rule on notification.
These alternatives would not meet the statutory requirement to issue
the final regulation required by title X, section 1001 of FDASIA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The rule would increase the modest
reporting costs associated with notifying FDA of discontinuances or
interruptions in the production of certain drug products. The rule
would generate benefits in the form of the value of public health gains
through more rapid and effective FDA responses to potential, or actual
drug shortages that otherwise would limit patient access to critical
medications.
 Risks: Drug shortages can significantly impede patient access to
critical, sometimes life-saving, medications. Drug shortages,
therefore, can pose a serious risk to public health and patient safety.
This rule will require early notification of potential shortages,
enabling FDA to more quickly and effectively respond to potential or
actual drug shortages that otherwise would limit patient access to
critical medications.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/04/13 78 FR 65904
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/03/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Valerie Jensen, Associate Director, CDER Drug
Shortage Staff, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, WO Building
22, Room 6202, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20903,
Phone: 301 796-0737.
 RIN: 0910-AG88

HHS--FDA

58. Supplemental Applications Proposing Labeling Changes for Approved
Drugs and Biological Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 331; 21 U.S.C. 352; 21
U.S.C. 353; 21 U.S.C. 355; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42 U.S.C. 262; . . .
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 314.70; 21 CFR 314.97; 21 CFR 314.150; 21 CFR
601.12.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would amend the regulations regarding new drug
applications (NDAs), abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs), and
biologics license applications (BLAs) to revise and clarify procedures
for changes to the labeling of an approved drug to reflect certain
types of newly acquired information in advance of FDA's review of such
change.
 Statement of Need: In the current marketplace, approximately 80
percent of drugs dispensed are generic drugs approved in ANDAs. ANDA
holders, like NDA holders and BLA holders, are required to promptly
review all adverse drug experience information obtained or otherwise
received, and comply with applicable reporting and recordkeeping
requirements. However, under current FDA regulations, ANDA holders are
not permitted to use the CBE supplement process in the same manner as
NDA holders and BLA holders to independently update product labeling
with certain newly acquired safety information. This regulatory
difference recently has been determined to mean that an individual can
bring a product liability action for ``failure to warn'' against an NDA
holder, but generally not an ANDA holder. This may alter the incentives
for generic drug manufacturers to comply with current requirements to
conduct robust postmarketing surveillance, evaluation, and reporting,
and to ensure that their product labeling is accurate and up-to-date.
Accordingly, there is a need for ANDA holders to be able to
independently update product labeling to reflect certain newly acquired
safety information as part of the ANDA holder's independent
responsibility to ensure that its product labeling is accurate and up-
to-date.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and
the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) provide FDA with authority over the
labeling for drugs and biological products, and authorize the Agency to
enact regulations to facilitate FDA's review and approval of
applications regarding the labeling for those products. FDA's authority
to extend the CBE supplement process for certain safety-related
labeling changes to ANDA holders arises from the same authority under
which FDA's regulations relating to NDA holders and BLA holders were
issued.
 Alternatives: FDA is considering several alternatives described in
comments submitted to the public docket established for the proposed
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA is reviewing comments submitted
to the public docket and evaluating the anticipated costs and benefits
that would be associated with a final rule.
 Risks: This rule is intended to remove obstacles to the prompt
communication of safety-related labeling changes that meet the
regulatory criteria for a CBE supplement. The rule may encourage
generic drug companies to participate more actively with FDA in
ensuring the timeliness, accuracy, and completeness of drug safety
labeling in accordance with current regulatory requirements. FDA's
posting of information on its Web site regarding the safety-related
labeling changes proposed in pending CBE supplements would enhance
transparency, and facilitate access by health care providers and the
public so that such information may be used to inform treatment
decisions.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76524]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/13/13 78 FR 67985
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/13/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 12/27/13 78 FR 78796
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/13/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Janice L. Weiner, Senior Regulatory Counsel,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, WO 51, Room 6268, 10903 New
Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002, Phone: 301 796-3601,
Fax: 301 847-8440, Email: janice.weiner@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG94

HHS--FDA

59. Veterinary Feed Directive

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 354; 21 U.S.C. 360b; 21 U.S.C. 360ccc;
21 U.S.C. 360ccc-1; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 514; 21 CFR 558.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Animal Drug Availability Act created a new category
of products called veterinary feed directive (VFD) drugs. This
rulemaking is intended to provide for the increased efficiency of the
VFD program.
 Statement of Need: Before 1996, two options existed for regulating
the distribution of animal drugs, including drugs in animal feed: (1)
Over-the-counter (OTC); and (2) prescription (Rx). In 1996, the Animal
Drug Availability Act (ADAA) created a new category of products called
veterinary feed directive (VFD) drugs. VFD drugs are new animal drugs
intended for use in or on animal feed, which are limited to use under
the professional supervision of a licensed veterinarian in the course
of the veterinarian's professional practice. In order for animal feed
containing a VFD drug to be used in animals, a licensed veterinarian
must first issue an order, called a veterinary feed directive (or VFD),
providing for such use. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, the
Agency) finalized its regulation to implement the VFD-related
provisions of the ADAA in December 2000. Since that time, FDA has
received informal comments that the VFD process is overly burdensome.
As a result, FDA began exploring ways to improve the VFD program's
efficiency. To that end, FDA published an advanced notice of proposed
rulemaking on March 29, 2010 (75 FR 15387), and draft text of a
proposed regulation, which it published April 13, 2012 (77 FR 22247).
The proposed revisions to the VFD process are also intended to support
the Agency's initiative to transition certain new animal drug products
containing medically important antimicrobial drugs from an OTC status
to a status that requires veterinary oversight. The proposed rule, if
finalized, will make the following changes to the VFD regulations at
section 558.6 (21 CFR 558.6): (1) Reorganize the VFD regulations to
make them more user-friendly. This proposal will replace the six
subsections of the existing regulations with three subsections that
better identify what is expected from each party involved in the VFD
process; (2) provide increased flexibility for licensed veterinarians
and animal producers to align with the most recent practice standards,
technological and medical advances, and practical considerations, to
assure the safe and effective use of VFD drugs; (3) provide for the
continued availability through the current feed mill distribution
system of those Category I drugs that move to VFD dispensing status.
This will prevent potential shortages of antimicrobial drugs needed by
food animal producers for judicious therapeutic uses on their farms and
ranches; and (4) lower the recordkeeping burden for all involved
parties to align with other feed manufacturing recordkeeping
requirements, thus eliminating the need for two separate filing
systems.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA's authority for issuing this rule is
provided in the ADAA (Pub. L. 104-250), which amended the Federal Food,
Drug, & Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by establishing section 504.
 Alternatives: An alternative to the proposed rule that would ease
the burden on VFD drug manufacturers would be to allow additional time
to comply with the proposed labeling requirements for currently
approved VFD drugs, for example, 1 or more years after the final rule
becomes effective. This would not affect any new VFD drug approvals
after the effective date of the final rule, and it could provide a
transition period for current VFD manufacturers to coordinate the
labeling changes to the specimen labeling, representative labeling, the
VFD form itself, and advertising within the usual frequency of label
changes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimated one-time costs to
industry from this proposed rule, if finalized, are the costs to review
the rule and prepare a compliance plan. In addition, FDA estimates that
the government will incur costs associated with reviewing the VFD drug
labeling supplements that are expected to be submitted by the existing
VFD drug manufacturers. The expected benefit of this proposal is a
general improvement in the efficiency of the VFD process. Additionally,
the reduction in veterinarian labor costs due to this rule is expected
to result in an annual cost savings.
 Risks: As FDA continues to implement the judicious use principles
for medically important antimicrobial drugs based on the framework set
forth in Guidance for Industry #209, which published April 13, 2012, it
is critical that the Agency makes the VFD program as efficient as
possible for stakeholders while maintaining adequate protection for
human and animal health. The provisions included in this proposed rule
are based on stakeholder input received in response to multiple
opportunities for public comment, and represent FDA's best effort to
strike the appropriate balance between protection of human and animal
health and programmatic efficiency.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/29/10 75 FR 15387
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 06/28/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 12/12/13 78 FR 75515
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/12/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sujaya Dessai, Supervisory Veterinary Medical
Officer, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Veterinary Medicine, MPN-4, Room 2620, HFV-
212, 7529 Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9075,
Email: sujaya.dessai@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG95


[[Page 76525]]

HHS--CENTERS FOR MEDICARE & MEDICAID SERVICES (CMS)

Proposed Rule Stage

60. Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities (CMS-3260-P)
(Rulemaking Resulting From a Section 610 Review)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-148, sec 6102; 42 U.S.C. 263a; 42
U.S.C. 1302, 1395hh, 1395rr
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 405; 42 CFR 431; 42 CFR 447; 42 CFR 482; 42
CFR 483; 42 CFR 485; 42 CFR 488.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise the requirements that
Long-Term Care facilities must meet to participate in the Medicare and
Medicaid programs. These proposed changes are necessary to reflect the
substantial advances that have been made over the past several years in
the theory and practice of service delivery and safety. These proposals
are also an integral part of our efforts to achieve broad-based
improvements both in the quality of health care furnished through
Federal programs, and in patient safety, while at the same time
reducing procedural burdens on providers.
 Statement of Need: CMS has not comprehensively reviewed the entire
set of requirements for participation it imposes on facilities in many
years. Over the years, the Agency and its stakeholders have identified
problematic requirements. Accordingly, we conducted a review of the
requirements in an effort to improve the quality of life, care, and
services in facilities; optimize resident safety; reflect current
professional standards; and improve the logical flow of the
regulations. Based on our analysis, we decided to pursue those
regulatory revisions that would reflect the advances that have been
made in health care delivery and that would improve resident safety.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Medicare requirements for participation
for long-term care facilities were published in the Federal Register on
February 2, 1989. These regulations have been revised and added to
since that time, principally as a result of legislation or a need to
address a specific issue; however, they have not been comprehensively
reviewed and updated since September 26, 1991, despite substantial
changes in service delivery in this setting. Additionally, we are
proposing to add the statutory authority citations for sections
1128I(b) and (c) of the Act to include the compliance and ethics
program and Quality Assurance and Performance Improvement (QAPI)
requirements under section 6102 of the Affordable Care Act.
 Alternatives: The requirements for long-term care facilities have
not been comprehensively updated in many years, but the effective and
efficient delivery of health care services has changed substantially in
that time. We could choose not to make any regulatory changes; however,
we believe the changes we are proposing are necessary to ensure the
requirements are consistent with current standards of practice and
continue to meet statutory obligations. They will ensure that residents
receive care that maintains or enhances quality of life and attains or
maintains the resident's highest practicable physical, mental, and
psychosocial well-being.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This proposed rule would implement
comprehensive changes intended to update the current requirements for
long-term care facilities and create new efficiencies and flexibilities
for facilities. In addition, these changes will support improved
resident quality of life and quality of care. Many of the quality of
life improvements we are proposing are grounded in the concepts of
person-centered care and culture change. These changes not only result
in improved quality of life for the resident, but can result in
improvements in the caregiver's quality of work life and in savings to
the facility. Savings can be accrued through reduced turnover,
decreased use of agency labor and decreased worker compensation costs.
Facilities may also benefit from improved bed occupancy rates. As we
move toward publication, estimates of the cost and benefits of these
important initiatives will be included in the rule.
 Risks: None. The proposed requirements in this rule would update
the existing requirements for long-term care facilities to reflect
current standards of practice. In addition, proposed changes would
provide added flexibility to providers, improve efficiency and
effectiveness, enhance resident quality of care and quality of life,
and potentially improve clinical outcomes.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Ronisha Davis, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Clinical Standards and Quality, Mail Stop
S3-02-01, 7500 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-
6882, Email: ronisha.davis@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AR61.

HHS--CMS

61. Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008; The
Application to Medicaid Managed Care, Chip, And Alternative Benefit
Plans (CMS-2333-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 1302; Pub. L. 110-343; Pub. L. 111-148,
Sec 2001
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 438; 42 CFR 440; 42 CFR 456; 42 CFR 457.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would address the requirements under
the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction
Equity Act of 2008 (MHPAEA) to Medicaid Alternative Benefit Plans
(ABPs), Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Medicaid
managed care organizations (MCOs).
 Statement of Need: A final rule implementing MHPAEA was published
in the Federal Register on November 13, 2013. These final MHPAEA
provisions do not apply to Medicaid MCOs, ABPs, or CHIP State plans.
This rule proposes to address how MHPAEA requirements, including those
implemented in the November 13, 2013, final rule, apply to MCOs, ABPs,
and CHIP.
 Summary of Legal Basis: There are several statutes that are
directly related to MHPAEA application to Medicaid. These include the
MHPAEA, sections 511 and 512 of the Tax Extenders and Alternative
Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008, the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (ERISA), the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act), and the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Code). Section 2103(c) of the Social
Security Act (the Act) added paragraph (6), which incorporates, by
reference, provisions added to section 2705 of the Public Health
Service Act (PHSA) to apply MHPAEA to CHIP. Finally, the

[[Page 76526]]

Affordable Care Act expanded the application of MHPAEA to benefits in
Medicaid ABPs.
 Alternatives: None. A rule is needed to address the provisions of
MHPAEA as they apply to Medicaid benchmark and benchmark-equivalent,
CHIP, and MCOs.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As we move toward publication,
estimates of the cost and benefits of these provisions will be included
in the rule.
 Risks: None. This rule approaches the application of MHPAEA to
Medicaid MCOs, ABPs, and CHIP by building upon the policies set forth
in the final MHPAEA regulation. Our goal is to align as much as
possible with the approach taken in the final MHPAEA regulation in
order to avoid confusion or conflict, while remaining true to the
intent of the MHPAEA statute and the Medicaid program and CHIP.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: John O'Brien, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicaid and CHIP Services, MS: S2-14-26,
7500 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-5529, Email:
john.o'brien3@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS24

HHS--CMS

62. Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Programs--Stage 3 (CMS-
3310-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-5, title IV of Division B
 CFR Citation: 45 CFR 170; 42 CFR 412; 42 CFR 413; 42 CFR 495.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would establish policies related to
Stage 3 of meaningful use for the Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentive
Programs. Stage 3 will focus on improving health care outcomes and
further advance interoperability.
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to implement the
provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) that
provide incentive payments to eligible professionals (EPs), eligible
hospitals, and critical access hospitals (CAHs) participating in
Medicare and Medicaid programs that adopt and meaningfully use
certified EHR technology. The rule specifies applicable criteria for
demonstrating Stage 3 of meaningful use.
 Summary of Legal Basis: ARRA amended titles XVIII and XIX of the
Social Security Act (the Act) to authorize incentive payments to EPs,
eligible hospitals, CAHs, and Medicare Advantage (MA) Organizations to
promote the adoption and meaningful use of certified EHR technology.
 Alternatives: None. In this proposed rule, CMS will implement Stage
3, another stage of the Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentive Program as
required by ARRA. We are proposing the Stage 3 criteria that EP's,
eligible hospitals, and CAHs must meet in order to successfully
demonstrate meaningful use under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR
Incentive Programs, focusing on advanced use of EHR technology to
promote improved outcomes for patients. Stage 3 will also propose
changes to the reporting period, timelines, and structure of the
program, including providing a single definition of meaningful use.
These changes will provide a flexible, yet, clearer framework to ensure
future sustainability of the EHR program and reduce confusion stemming
from multiple stage requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 We expect that benefits to the program will accrue in the form of
savings to Medicare through the Medicare payment adjustments. Expected
qualitative benefits, such as improved quality of care and better
health outcomes are unable to be quantified at this time, but we
believe that savings will likely result from reductions in the cost of
providing care.
 Risks: CMS anticipates many positive effects of adopting EHR on
health care providers, apart from the incentive payments to be provided
under this proposed rule. We believe there are benefits that can be
obtained by eligible hospitals and EPs, including: Reductions in
medical recordkeeping costs, reductions in repeat tests, decreases in
length of stay, and reduced errors. When used effectively, EHRs can
enable providers to deliver health care more efficiently. For example,
EHRs can reduce the duplication of diagnostic tests, prompt providers
to prescribe cost effective generic medications, remind patients about
preventive care, reduce unnecessary office visits, and assist in
managing complex care.
 We are working with the Office of the National Coordinator for
Health Information Technology to ensure that the Stage 3 meaningful use
definition coordinates with the standards and certification
requirements being proposed and that there is sufficient time to
upgrade and implement these changes. Stage 2 has been extended so that
Stage 3 will not begin until 2017.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Elizabeth S. Holland, Director, HIT Initiatives
Group, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Mail Stop S2-26-17, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410-786-1309, Email:
elizabeth.holland@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS26

HHS--CMS

63. CY 2016 Revisions to Payment Policies Under the Physician
Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Medicare Part B (CMS-1631-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Social Security Act, secs 1102, 1871, 1848
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise payment polices
under the Medicare physician fee schedule, and make other policy
changes to payment under Medicare Part B. These changes would apply to
services furnished beginning January 1, 2016.
 Statement of Need: The statute requires that we establish each
year, by regulation, payment amounts for all physicians' services
furnished in all fee schedule areas. This rule would implement changes
affecting Medicare Part B payment to physicians and other Part B
suppliers. The final rule has a statutory publication date of November
1, 2015, and an implementation date of January 1, 2016.

[[Page 76527]]

Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1848 of the Social Security Act
(the Act) establishes the payment for physician services provided under
Medicare. Section 1848 of the Act imposes an annual deadline of no
later than November 1 for publication of the final rule or final
physician fee schedule.
 Alternatives: None. This implements a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for CY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, physician
services will not be paid appropriately, beginning January 1, 2016.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Bryant, Director, Division of Practitioner
Services, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare
& Medicaid Services, Mail Stop C4-01-27, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-3448, Email:
kathy.bryant@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS40

HHS--CMS

64. Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment System for Acute
Care Hospitals and the Long-Term Care Hospital Prospective Payment
System and FY 2016 Rates (CMS-1632-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 1886(d) of the Social Security Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2015.
 Final, Statutory, August 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise the Medicare
hospital inpatient and long-term care hospital prospective payment
systems for operating and capital-related costs. This proposed rule
would implement changes arising from our continuing experience with
these systems.
 Statement of Need: CMS annually revises the Medicare hospital
inpatient prospective payment systems (IPPS) for operating and capital-
related costs to implement changes arising from our continuing
experience with these systems. In addition, we describe the proposed
changes to the amounts and factors used to determine the rates for
Medicare hospital inpatient services for operating costs and capital-
related costs. Also, CMS annually updates the payment rates for the
Medicare prospective payment system (PPS) for inpatient hospital
services provided by long-term care hospitals (LTCHs). The rule
solicits comments on the proposed IPPS and LTCH payment rates and new
policies. CMS will issue a final rule containing the payment rates for
the FY 2016 IPPS and LTCHs at least 60 days before October 1, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Social Security Act (the Act) sets
forth a system of payment for the operating costs of acute care
hospital inpatient stays under Medicare Part A (Hospital Insurance)
based on prospectively set rates. The Act requires the Secretary to pay
for the capital-related costs of hospital inpatient and long-term care
stays under a PPS. Under these systems, Medicare payment for hospital
inpatient and long-term care operating and capital-related costs is
made at predetermined, specific rates for each hospital discharge.
These changes would be applicable to services furnished on or after
October 1, 2015.
 Alternatives: None. This implements a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for FY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, inpatient
hospital and LTCH services will not be paid appropriately beginning
October 1, 2015.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Donald Thompson, Deputy Director, Division of Acute
Care, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicare, MS: C4-01-26, 7500 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-6504, Email:
donald.thompson@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS41

HHS--CMS

65. CY 2016 Hospital Outpatient PPS Policy Changes and Payment
Rates and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System Policy Changes and
Payment Rates (CMS-1633-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 1833 of the Social Security Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise the Medicare
hospital outpatient prospective payment system to implement statutory
requirements and changes arising from our continuing experience with
this system. The proposed rule describes changes to the amounts and
factors used to determine payment rates for services. In addition, the
rule proposes changes to the ambulatory surgical center payment system
list of services and rates.
 Statement of Need: Medicare pays over 4,000 hospitals for
outpatient department services under the hospital outpatient
prospective payment system (OPPS). The OPPS is based on groups of
clinically similar services called ambulatory payment classification
groups (APCs). CMS annually revises the APC payment amounts based on
the most recent claims data, proposes new payment policies, and updates
the payments for inflation using the hospital operating market basket.
Medicare pays roughly 5,000 Ambulatory Surgical Centers (ASCs) under
the ASC payment system. CMS annually revises the payment under the ASC
payment system, proposes new policies, and updates payments for
inflation. CMS will issue a final rule containing the payment rates for
the 2016 OPPS and ASC payment system at least 60 days before January 1,
2016.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1833 of the Social Security Act
establishes Medicare payment for hospital outpatient services and ASC
services. The rule revises the Medicare hospital OPPS and ASC payment
system to implement applicable statutory requirements. In addition, the
rule describes changes to the outpatient APC system, relative payment
weights, outlier adjustments, and other amounts and factors used to
determine the payment rates for Medicare hospital outpatient services
paid under the prospective payment system as well as changes to the
rates and services paid under the ASC payment system. These changes
would be applicable to services furnished on or after January 1, 2016.

[[Page 76528]]

Alternatives: None. This is a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for CY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, outpatient
hospital and ASC services will not be paid appropriately beginning
January 1, 2016.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Marjorie Baldo, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicare, MS: C4-03-06, 7500 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-4617, Email:
marjorie.baldo@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS42


HHS--CMS

Final Rule Stage

66. Eligibility Notices, Fair Hearing and Appeal Processes for Medicaid
and Exchange Eligibility Appeals, and Other Eligibility and Enrollment
Provisions (CMS-2334-F2)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-148, secs 1411, 1413, 1557, 1943,
2102, 2201, 2004, 2303, et al
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 430; 42 CFR 431; 42 CFR 433; 42 CFR 435; 42
CFR 457.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Affordable Care Act expands access to health
insurance through improvements in Medicaid; the establishment of
Affordable Insurance Exchanges; and coordination between Medicaid, the
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Exchanges. This rule
finalizes the remaining provisions proposed in the January 19, 2013,
proposed rule, but not finalized in the July 15, 2013, final rule to
continue our efforts to assist states in implementing Medicaid
eligibility, appeals, and enrollment changes, and other State health
subsidy programs.
 Statement of Need: This final rule will implement provisions of the
Affordable Care Act and the Children's Health Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act of 2009 (CHIPRA). This rule reflects new statutory
eligibility provisions; changes to provide States more flexibility to
coordinate Medicaid and CHIP eligibility notices, appeals, and other
related administrative procedures with similar procedures used by other
health coverage programs authorized under the Affordable Care Act;
modernizes and streamlines existing rules, eliminates obsolete rules,
and updates provisions to reflect Medicaid eligibility pathways;
implements other CHIPRA eligibility-related provisions, including
eligibility for newborns whose mothers were eligible for and receiving
Medicaid or CHIP coverage at the time of birth. With publication of
this final rule, we desire to make our implementing regulations
available to States and the public as soon as possible to facilitate
continued efficient operation of the State flexibility authorized under
section 1937 of the Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Affordable Care Act extends and
simplifies Medicaid eligibility. In the July 15, 2013, Federal
Register, we issued the ``Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance
Programs: Essential Health Benefits in Alternative Benefit Plans,
Eligibility Notices, Fair Hearing and Appeal Processes, and Premiums
and Cost Sharing; Exchanges: Eligibility and Enrollment'' final rule
that finalized certain key Medicaid and CHIP eligibility provisions
included in the January 22, 2013, proposed rule. In this final rule, we
are addressing the remaining provisions of the January 22, 2013,
proposed rule.
 Alternatives: The majority of Medicaid and CHIP eligibility
provisions proposed in this rule serve to implement the Affordable Care
Act. All of the provisions in this final rule are a result of the
passage of the Affordable Care Act and are largely self-implementing.
Therefore, alternatives considered for this final rule were constrained
due to the statutory provisions.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The March 23, 2012 Medicaid
eligibility final rule detailed the impact of the Medicaid eligibility
changes related to implementation of the Affordable Care Act. The
majority of provisions included in this final rule were described in
detail in that rule, but in summary, we estimate a total savings of
$465 million over 5 years, including $280 million in cost savings to
the Federal Government and $185 million in savings to States.
 Risks: None. Delaying publication of this final rule delays states
from moving forward with implementing changes to Medicaid and CHIP, and
aligning operations between Medicaid, CHIP and the Exchanges.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Sarah DeLone, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Mail Stop S2-01-16, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-0615, Email:
sarah.delone@cms.hhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0938-AR04.
 RIN: 0938-AS27

HHS--ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES (ACF)

Final Rule Stage

67. Child Care and Development Fund Reforms To Support Child
Development and Working Families

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Sec 658E and other provisions of the Child Care
and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, as amended
 CFR Citation: 45 CFR 98.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would provide the first comprehensive update of
Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) regulations since 1998. It would
make changes in four key areas: (1) Improving health and safety; (2)
improving the quality of child care; (3) establishing family-friendly
policies; and (4) strengthening program integrity. The rule seeks to
retain much of the flexibility afforded to States, territories, and
tribes consistent with the nature of a block grant.
 Statement of Need: The CCDF program has far-reaching implications
for America's poorest children. It provides child care assistance to
1.6 million children from nearly 1 million low-income working families
and families who are attending school or job training. Half of the
children served are living at or below poverty level. In addition,
children who receive CCDF are cared for alongside children who do not
receive CCDF, by approximately

[[Page 76529]]

570,000 participating child care providers, some of whom lack basic
assurances needed to ensure children are safe, healthy, and learning.
Since 1996, a body of research has demonstrated the importance of the
early years on brain development and has shown that high-quality,
consistent child care can positively impact later success in school and
life. This is especially true for low-income children who face a school
readiness and achievement gap and can benefit the most from high-
quality early learning environments. In light of this research, many
States, territories, and tribes, working collaboratively with the
Federal Government, have taken important steps over the last 15 years
to make the CCDF program more child-focused and family-friendly;
however, implementation of these evidence-informed practices is uneven
across the country and critical gaps remain. This regulatory action is
needed in order to increase accountability in the CCDF program by
ensuring that all children receiving federally funded child care
assistance are in safe, quality programs that both support their
parent's labor market participation, and help children develop the
tools and skills they need to reach their full potential. A major focus
of this final rule is to raise the bar on quality by establishing a
floor of health and safety standards for child care paid for with
Federal funds. National surveys have demonstrated that most parents
logically assume that their child care providers have had a background
check, have had training in child health and safety, and are regularly
monitored. However, State policies surrounding the training and
oversight of child care providers vary widely. In some States, many
children receiving CCDF subsidies are cared for by providers that have
little to no oversight with respect to compliance with basic standards
designed to safeguard children's well-being, such as first-aid and safe
sleep practices. This can leave children in unsafe conditions, even as
their care is being funded with public dollars. In addition, the final
rule empowers all parents who choose child care, regardless of whether
they receive a Federal subsidy, with better information to make the
best choices for their children. This includes providing parents with
information about the quality of child care providers and making
information about providers' compliance with health and safety
regulations more transparent so that parents can be aware of the safety
track record of providers when it's time to choose child care.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This final regulation is being issued under
the authority granted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services by
the CCDBG Act (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) and section 418 of the Social
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618).
 Alternatives: The Administration for Children and Families
considered a range of approaches to improve early childhood care and
education, including administrative and regulatory action. ACF has
taken administrative actions to recommend that States adopt stronger
health and safety requirements and provided technical assistance to
States. Despite these efforts to assist States in making voluntary
reforms, unacceptable health and safety lapses remain. An alternative
to this rule would be to take no regulatory action or to limit the
nature of the required standards and the degree to which those
standards are prescriptive. ACF believes this rulemaking is the
preferable alternative to ensure children's health and safety and
promote their learning and development.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Changes in this final rule directly
benefit children and parents who use CCDF assistance to pay for child
care. The 1.6 million children who are in child care funded by CCDF
would have stronger protections for their health and safety, which
addresses every parent's paramount concern. All children in the care of
a participating CCDF provider will be safer because that provider is
more knowledgeable about health and safety issues. In addition, the
families of the 12 million children who are served in child care will
benefit from having clear, accessible information about the safety
compliance records and quality indicators of providers available to
them as they make critical choices about where their children will be
cared for while they work. Provisions also will benefit child care
providers by encouraging States to invest in high quality child care
providers and professional development and to take into account quality
when they determine child care payment rates. A primary reason for
revising the CCDF regulations is to better reflect current State and
local practices to improve the quality of child care. Therefore, there
are a significant number of States, territories, and tribes that have
already implemented many of these policies. The cost of implementing
the changes in this final rule will vary depending on a State's
specific situation. ACF does not believe the costs of this final
regulatory action would be economically significant and that the
tremendous benefits to low-income children justify costs associated
with this final rule.
 Risks: Not applicable.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/20/13 78 FR 29422
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/05/13 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Andrew Williams, Policy Division Director,
Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children
and Families, Office of Child Care, 370 L'Enfant Promenade SW.,
Washington, DC 20447, Phone: 202 401-4795, Fax: 202 690-5600, Email:
andrew.williams@acf.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0970-AC53
BILLING CODE 4150-24-P

DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY (DHS)

Fall 2014 Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS or Department) was created
in 2003 pursuant to the Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public Law 107-
296. DHS has a vital mission: To secure the Nation from the many
threats we face. This requires the dedication of more than 225,000
employees in jobs that range from aviation and border security to
emergency response, from cybersecurity analyst to chemical facility
inspector. Our duties are wide-ranging, but our goal is clear--keeping
America safe.
 Our mission gives us six main areas of responsibility:
 1. Prevent Terrorism and Enhance Security,
 2. Secure and Manage Our Borders,
 3. Enforce and Administer our Immigration Laws,
 4. Safeguard and Secure Cyberspace,
 5. Ensure Resilience to Disasters, and
 6. Mature and Strengthen DHS
 In achieving these goals, we are continually strengthening our
partnerships with communities, first responders, law enforcement, and
government agencies--at the State, local, tribal, Federal, and
international levels. We are accelerating the deployment of science,
technology, and innovation in order to make America more secure, and we
are becoming

[[Page 76530]]

leaner, smarter, and more efficient, ensuring that every security
resource is used as effectively as possible. For a further discussion
of our main areas of responsibility, see the DHS Web site at
http://www.dhs.gov/our-mission.
 The regulations we have summarized below in the Department's fall
2014 regulatory plan and in the agenda support the Department's
responsibility areas listed above. These regulations will improve the
Department's ability to accomplish its mission.
 The regulations we have identified in this year's fall regulatory
plan continue to address legislative initiatives including, but not
limited to, the following acts: The Implementing Recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act), Public Law 110-53 (Aug. 3,
2007); the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), Public
Law 110-229 (May 8, 2008); the Security and Accountability for Every
Port Act of 2006 (SAFE Port Act), Public Law 109-347 (Oct. 13, 2006);
and the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2009, Public Law 110-329 (Sep. 30, 2008).
 DHS strives for organizational excellence and uses a centralized
and unified approach in managing its regulatory resources. The Office
of the General Counsel manages the Department's regulatory program,
including the agenda and regulatory plan. In addition, DHS senior
leadership reviews each significant regulatory project to ensure that
the project fosters and supports the Department's mission.
 The Department is committed to ensuring that all of its regulatory
initiatives are aligned with its guiding principles to protect civil
rights and civil liberties, integrate our actions, build coalitions and
partnerships, develop human resources, innovate, and be accountable to
the American public.
 DHS is also committed to the principles described in Executive
Orders 13563 and 12866 (as amended). Both Executive Orders direct
agencies to assess the costs and benefits of available regulatory
alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select regulatory
approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential economic,
environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive impacts,
and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance of
quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of harmonizing
rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 Finally, the Department values public involvement in the
development of its regulatory plan, agenda, and regulations, and takes
particular concern with the impact its rules have on small businesses.
DHS and each of its components continue to emphasize the use of plain
language in our notices and rulemaking documents to promote a better
understanding of regulations and increased public participation in the
Department's rulemakings.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), DHS identified the following
regulatory actions as associated with retrospective review and
analysis. Some of the regulatory actions on the below list may be
completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory Plan. You can
find more information about these completed rulemakings in past
publications of the Unified Agenda (search the Completed Actions
sections) on www.reginfo.gov. Some of the entries on this list,
however, are active rulemakings. You can find entries for these
rulemakings on www.regulations.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1601-AA58..................................... Professional Conduct for
 Practitioners Rules and
 Procedures, and
 Representation and
 Appearances.
1615-AB92..................................... Employment Authorization
 for Certain H-4
 Spouses.
1615-AB95..................................... Immigration Benefits
 Business
 Transformation:
 Nonimmigrants; Student
 and Exchange Visitor
 Program.
1615-AC00..................................... Enhancing Opportunities
 for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-
 3 Nonimmigrants and EB-
 1 Immigrants.
1625-AB38..................................... Update to Maritime
 Security.
1625-AB80..................................... Revision to
 Transportation Worker
 Identification
 Credential (TWIC)
 Requirements for
 Mariners.
1651-AA96..................................... Definition of Form I-94
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
1651-AB05..................................... Freedom of Information
 Act (FOIA) Procedures.
1652-AA61..................................... Standardized Vetting,
 Adjudication, and
 Redress Services.
1653-AA44..................................... Amendment to Accommodate
 Process Changes with
 SEVIS II
 Implementation.
1653-AA63..................................... Adjustments to
 Limitations on
 Designated School
 Official Assignment and
 Study By F-2 and M-2
 Nonimmigrants.
1660-AA77..................................... Change in Submission
 Requirements for State
 Mitigation Plans.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

Pursuant to Sections 3 and 4(b) of Executive Order 13609
``Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation'' (May 1, 2012), DHS
has identified the following regulatory actions that have significant
international impacts. Some of the regulatory actions on the below list
may be completed actions. You can find more information about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda
(search the Completed Actions sections) on www.reginfo.gov. Some of the
entries on this list, however, are active rulemakings. You can find
entries for these rulemakings on www.regulations.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1625-AB38..................................... Updates to Maritime
 Security.
1651-AA70..................................... Importer Security Filing
 and Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
1651-AA72..................................... Changes to the Visa
 Waiver Program To
 Implement the
 Electronic System for
 Travel Authorization
 (ESTA) Program.
1651-AA98..................................... Amendments to Importer
 Security Filing and
 Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
1651-AA96..................................... Definition of Form I-94
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76531]]

DHS participates in some international regulatory cooperation
activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to significant
regulations. For example, the U.S. Coast Guard is the primary U.S.
representative to the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and
plays a major leadership role in establishing international standards
in the global maritime community. IMO's work to establish international
standards for maritime safety, security, and environmental protection
closely aligns with the U.S. Coast Guard regulations. As an IMO member
nation, the U.S. is obliged to incorporate IMO treaty provisions not
already part of U.S. domestic policy into regulations for those vessels
affected by the international standards. Consequently, the U.S. Coast
Guard initiates rulemakings to harmonize with IMO international
standards such as treaty provisions and the codes, conventions,
resolutions, and circulars that supplement them.
 Also, President Obama and Prime Minister Harper created the Canada-
U.S. Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) in February 2011. The RCC is
an initiative between both federal governments aimed at pursuing
greater alignment in regulation, increasing mutual recognition of
regulatory practices and establishing smarter, more effective and less
burdensome regulations in specific sectors. The Canada-U.S. RCC
initiative arose out of the recognition that high level, focused, and
sustained effort would be required to reach a more substantive level of
regulatory cooperation. Since its creation in early 2011, the U.S.
Coast Guard has participated in stakeholder consultations with their
Transport Canada counterparts and the public, drafted items for
inclusion in the RCC Action Plan, and detailed work plans for each
included Action Plan item.
 The fall 2014 regulatory plan for DHS includes regulations from DHS
components--including U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
(USCIS), the U.S. Coast Guard (Coast Guard), U.S. Customs and Border
Protection (CBP), the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE),
and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), which have active
regulatory programs. In addition, it includes regulations from the
Department's major offices and directorates such as the National
Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD). Below is a discussion of
the fall 2014 regulatory plan for DHS regulatory components, offices,
and directorates.

United States Citizenship and Immigration Services

U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) administers
immigration benefits and services while protecting and securing our
homeland. USCIS has a strong commitment to welcoming individuals who
seek entry through the U.S. immigration system, providing clear and
useful information regarding the immigration process, promoting the
values of citizenship, and assisting those in need of humanitarian
protection. Based on a comprehensive review of the planned USCIS
regulatory agenda, USCIS will promulgate several rulemakings to
directly support these commitments and goals.
Regulations to Facilitate Retention of High-Skilled Workers
 Employment Authorization for Certain H-4 Dependent Spouses. On May
12, 2014, USCIS published a proposed rule intended to encourage
professionals with high-demand skills to remain in the country and help
spur innovation and growth of U.S. businesses. In the proposed rule,
USCIS proposed to extend eligibility for employment authorization to H-
4 dependent spouses of principal H-1B nonimmigrants who have begun the
process of seeking lawful permanent resident status through employment
and have extended their authorized period of admission or ``stay'' in
the United States under section 104(c) or 106(a) of Public Law 106-313,
also known as the American Competitiveness in the Twenty-First Century
Act of 2000. USCIS plans to issue a final rule in the coming year.
 Enhancing Opportunities for High-Skilled Workers. Also on May 12,
2014, USCIS published a proposed rule intended to encourage and
facilitate the employment and retention of certain high-skilled and
transitional workers. In the proposed rule, USCIS proposed to amend its
regulations relating to the nonimmigrant classifications for specialty
occupation professionals from Chile and Singapore (H-1B1) and from
Australia (E-3), to include these classifications in the list of
classes of aliens authorized for employment incident to status with a
specific employer, to extend automatic employment authorization
extensions with pending extension of stay requests, and to update
filing procedures. USCIS also proposed to amend regulations regarding
continued employment authorization for nonimmigrant workers in the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI)-only Transitional
Worker (CW-1) classification. Finally, USCIS also proposed to amend
regulations related to the immigration classification for employment-
based first preference (EB-1) outstanding professors or researchers to
allow the submission of comparable evidence. USCIS plans to issue a
final rule in the coming year.
Improvements to the Immigration System
 Requirements for Filing Motions and Administrative Appeals. USCIS
will propose to revise the procedural regulations governing appeals and
motions to reopen or reconsider before its Administrative Appeals
Office, and to require that applicants and petitioners exhaust
administrative remedies before seeking judicial review of an
unfavorable decision. The changes proposed by the rule will streamline
the procedures before the Administrative Appeals Office and improve the
efficiency of the adjudication process.
 Regulations Related to the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana
Islands. This final rule amends DHS and Department of Justice (DOJ)
regulations to comply with the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of
2008 (CNRA). The CNRA extends the immigration laws of the United States
to the Consolidated Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). In 2009, USCIS
issued an interim final rule to implement conforming amendments to the
DHS and DOJ regulations. This joint DHS-DOJ final rule titled
``Application of Immigration Regulations to the CNMI'' would finalize
the 2009 interim final rule.
Regulatory Changes Involving Humanitarian Benefits
 Asylum and Withholding Definitions. USCIS plans a regulatory
proposal to amend the regulations that govern asylum eligibility and
refugee status determinations. The amendments are expected to revise
the portions of the existing regulations that deal with determinations
of whether suffered or feared persecution is on account of a protected
ground, the requirements for establishing that the government is unable
or unwilling to protect the applicant, and the definition of membership
in a particular social group. This proposal would provide greater
clarity and consistency in this important area of the law.
 Exception to the Persecution Bar for Asylum, Refugee, or Temporary
Protected Status, and Withholding of Removal. In a joint rulemaking,
DHS and DOJ will propose amendments to existing DHS and DOJ regulations
to resolve ambiguity in the statutory

[[Page 76532]]

language precluding eligibility for asylum, refugee resettlement,
temporary protected status, and withholding or removal of an applicant
who ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the
persecution of others. The proposed rule would provide a limited
exception for persecutory actions taken by the applicant under duress
and would clarify the required level of the applicant's knowledge of
the persecution.
 ``T'' and ``U'' Nonimmigrants. USCIS plans additional regulatory
initiatives related to T nonimmigrants (victims of trafficking) and U
nonimmigrants (victims of criminal activity). Through these regulatory
initiatives, USCIS hopes to provide greater consistency in eligibility
and application requirements for these vulnerable groups, their
advocates, and the community. These rulemakings will contain provisions
to adjust documentary requirements for this vulnerable population and
provide greater clarity to the law enforcement community.
 Special Immigrant Juvenile Petitions. This final rule makes
procedural changes and resolves interpretive issues following statutory
amendments. The Secretary may grant Special Immigrant Juvenile
classification to aliens whose reunification with one or both parents
is not viable due to abuse, neglect, abandonment, or a similar basis
found under State law. Such classification can regularize immigration
status for these aliens and allow for adjustment of status to lawful
permanent resident.

United States Coast Guard

The U.S. Coast Guard (Coast Guard) is a military, multi-mission,
maritime service of the United States and the only military
organization within DHS. It is the principal federal agency responsible
for maritime safety, security, and stewardship and delivers daily value
to the Nation through multi-mission resources, authorities, and
capabilities.
 Effective governance in the maritime domain hinges upon an
integrated approach to safety, security, and stewardship. The Coast
Guard's policies and capabilities are integrated and interdependent,
delivering results through a network of enduring partnerships. The
Coast Guard's ability to field versatile capabilities and highly-
trained personnel is one of the U.S. Government's most significant and
important strengths in the maritime environment.
 America is a maritime nation, and our security, resilience, and
economic prosperity are intrinsically linked to the oceans. Safety,
efficient waterways, and freedom of transit on the high seas are
essential to our well-being. The Coast Guard is leaning forward, poised
to meet the demands of the modern maritime environment. The Coast Guard
creates value for the public through solid prevention and response
efforts. Activities involving oversight and regulation, enforcement,
maritime presence, and public and private partnership foster increased
maritime safety, security, and stewardship.
 The statutory responsibilities of the Coast Guard include ensuring
marine safety and security, preserving maritime mobility, protecting
the marine environment, enforcing U.S. laws and international treaties,
and performing search and rescue. The Coast Guard supports the
Department's overarching goals of mobilizing and organizing our Nation
to secure the homeland from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and
other emergencies. The rulemaking projects identified for the Coast
Guard in the Unified Agenda, and the rules appearing in the fall 2014
Regulatory Plan below, contribute to the fulfillment of those
responsibilities and reflect our regulatory policies.
 Vessel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and
Automatic Identification System. The Coast Guard intends to expand the
applicability of notice of arrival and departure (NOAD) and automatic
identification system (AIS) requirements to include more commercial
vessels. This rule, once final, would expand the applicability of
notice of arrival (NOA) requirements to include additional vessels,
establish a separate requirement for certain vessels to submit notices
of departure (NOD), set forth a mandatory method for electronic
submission of NOA and NOD, and modify related reporting content,
timeframes, and procedures. This rule would also extend the
applicability of AIS requirements beyond Vessel Traffic Service (VTS)
areas and require additional commercial vessels install and use AIS.
These changes are intended to improve navigation safety, enhance our
ability to identify and track vessels, and heighten the Coast Guard's
overall maritime domain awareness, thus helping the Coast Guard address
threats to maritime transportation safety and security and mitigate the
possible harm from such threats.
 Inspection of Towing Vessels. The Coast Guard has proposed
regulations governing the inspection of towing vessels, including an
optional towing safety management system (TSMS). The regulations for
this large class of vessels would establish operations, lifesaving,
fire protection, machinery and electrical systems and equipment, and
construction and arrangement standards for towing vessels. This
rulemaking would also set standards for the optional TSMS and related
third-party organizations, as well as procedures for obtaining a
certificate of inspection under either the TSMS or Coast Guard annual-
inspection option. This rulemaking would implement section 415 of the
Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004. The intent of this
rulemaking, which would establish a new subchapter dedicated to towing
vessels, is to promote safer work practices and reduce towing vessel
casualties.
 Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC)--Reader
Requirements. In accordance with the Maritime Transportation Safety Act
of 2002 (MTSA) and the Security and Accountability For Every Port Act
of 2006 (SAFE Port Act), the Coast Guard is establishing rules
requiring electronic TWIC readers at high-risk vessels and facilities.
These rules would ensure that prior to being granted unescorted access
to a designated secure area at a high-risk vessel or facility: (1) The
individual will have his or her TWIC electronically authenticated; (2)
the status of the individual's credential will be electronically
validated against an up-to-date list maintained by the TSA; and (3) the
individual's identity will be electronically confirmed by comparing his
or her fingerprint with a biometric template stored on the credential.
By promulgating these rules, the Coast Guard seeks to improve security
at the highest risk vessels and facilities with broader use of
electronic inspection of biometric credentials.

United States Customs and Border Protection

U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is the federal agency
principally responsible for the security of our Nation's borders, both
at and between the ports of entry and at official crossings into the
United States. CBP must accomplish its border security and enforcement
mission without stifling the flow of legitimate trade and travel. The
primary mission of CBP is its homeland security mission, that is, to
prevent terrorists and terrorist weapons from entering the United
States. An important aspect of this priority mission involves improving
security at our borders and ports of entry, but it also means extending
our zone of security beyond our physical borders.
 CBP is also responsible for administering laws concerning the
importation into the United States of goods, and enforcing the laws
concerning the entry of persons into the

[[Page 76533]]

United States. This includes regulating and facilitating international
trade; collecting import duties; enforcing U.S. trade, immigration and
other laws of the United States at our borders; inspecting imports,
overseeing the activities of persons and businesses engaged in
importing; enforcing the laws concerning smuggling and trafficking in
contraband; apprehending individuals attempting to enter the United
States illegally; protecting our agriculture and economic interests
from harmful pests and diseases; servicing all people, vehicles and
cargo entering the United States; maintaining export controls; and
protecting U.S. businesses from theft of their intellectual property.
 In carrying out its priority mission, CBP's goal is to facilitate
the processing of legitimate trade and people efficiently without
compromising security. Consistent with its primary mission of homeland
security, CBP intends to issue several rules during the next fiscal
year that are intended to improve security at our borders and ports of
entry. CBP is also automating some procedures that increase
efficiencies and reduce the costs and burdens to travelers. We have
highlighted some of these rules below.
 Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA). During the next
fiscal year, CBP intends to issue a final rule that will finalize two
Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) rulemakings, the 2008
ESTA interim final rule and the 2010 ESTA fee interim final rule. On
June 9, 2008, CBP published an interim final rule implementing the ESTA
for aliens who wish to enter the United States under the Visa Waiver
Program (VWP) at air or sea ports of entry. This rule was intended to
fulfill the requirements of section 711 of the Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). The rule
established ESTA and required that each alien traveling to the United
States under the VWP must obtain electronic travel authorization via
the ESTA System in advance of such travel. VWP travelers may obtain the
required ESTA authorization by electronically submitting to CBP
biographic and other information that was previously submitted to CBP
via the I-94W Nonimmigrant Alien Arrival/Departure Form (I-94W). ESTA
became mandatory on January 12, 2009. Therefore, VWP travelers must
either obtain travel authorization in advance of travel under ESTA or
obtain a visa prior to traveling to the United States. On August 9,
2010, CBP published an interim final rule amending the ESTA regulations
to require ESTA applicants to pay a congressionally mandated fee which
is the sum of two amounts, a $10.00 travel promotion fee for an
approved ESTA and a $4.00 operational fee for the use of ESTA set by
the Secretary of Homeland Security to at least ensure the recovery of
the full costs of providing and administering the ESTA system.
 Importer Security Filing and Additional Carrier Requirements. On
November 25, 2008, CBP published an interim final rule amending CBP
regulations to require carriers and importers to provide to CBP, via a
CBP approved electronic data interchange system, information necessary
to enable CBP to identity high-risk shipments to prevent smuggling and
ensure cargo safety and security. This rule, which became effective on
January 26, 2009, improves CBP risk assessment and targeting
capabilities, facilitates the prompt release of legitimate cargo
following its arrival in the United States, and assists CBP in
increasing the security of the global trading system. To increase the
accuracy and reliability of the advance information, CBP intends to
publish a notice of proposed rulemaking during the next fiscal year
that proposes some changes to the current importer security filing
regulations.
 Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS). The Trade Act of 2002, as
amended, authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to promulgate
regulations providing for the transmission to CBP through an electronic
data interchange system, of information pertaining to cargo to be
brought into the United States or to be sent from the United States,
prior to the arrival or departure of the cargo. The cargo information
required is that which the Secretary determines to be reasonably
necessary to ensure cargo safety and security. CBP's current Trade Act
regulations pertaining to air cargo require the electronic submission
of various advance data to CBP no later than either the time of
departure of the aircraft for the United States (from specified
locations) or four hours prior to arrival in the United States for all
other locations. CBP intends to propose amendments to these regulations
to implement the Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS) program. To improve
CBP's risk assessment and targeting capabilities and to enable CBP to
target, and identify risky cargo prior to departure of the aircraft to
the United States, ACAS would require the submission of certain of the
advance electronic information for air cargo as early as practicable
but no later than prior to loading the cargo onto an aircraft destined
to or transiting through the United States at the last foreign port of
departure. CBP, in conjunction with TSA, has been operating ACAS as a
voluntary pilot program since 2010 and would like to implement ACAS as
a regulatory program.
 Implementation of the Guam-Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana
Islands (CNMI) Visa Waiver Program. CBP published an interim final rule
in November 2008 amending the DHS regulations to replace the current
Guam Visa Waiver Program with a new Guam-Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands (CNMI) Visa Waiver Program. This rule implements
portions of the Consolidated National Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA),
which extends the immigration laws of the United States to the CNMI and
among others things, provides for a visa waiver program for travel to
Guam and the CNMI. The amended regulations set forth the requirements
for nonimmigrant visitors who seek admission for business or pleasure
and solely for entry into and stay on Guam or the CNMI without a visa.
The rule also establishes six ports of entry in the CNMI for purposes
of administering and enforcing the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. CBP
intends to issue a final rule during the next fiscal year.
 Definition of Form I-94 to Include Electronic Format. DHS issues
the Form I-94 to certain aliens and uses the Form I-94 for various
purposes such as documenting status in the United States, the approved
length of stay, and departure. DHS generally issues the Form I-94 to
aliens at the time they lawfully enter the United States. On March 27,
2013, CBP published an interim final rule amending existing regulations
to add a new definition of the term ``Form I-94.'' The new definition
includes the collection of arrival/departure and admission or parole
information by DHS, whether in paper or electronic format. The
definition also clarified various terms that are associated with the
use of the Form I-94 to accommodate an electronic version of the Form
I-94. The rule also added a valid, unexpired nonimmigrant DHS admission
or parole stamp in a foreign passport to the list of documents
designated as evidence of alien registration. These revisions enabled
DHS to transition to an automated process whereby DHS creates a Form I-
94 in an electronic format based on passenger, passport and visa
information that DHS obtains electronically from air and sea carriers
and the Department of State as well as through the inspection process.
CBP intends to publish a final rule during the next fiscal year.
 In addition to the regulations that CBP issues to promote DHS's
mission, CBP

[[Page 76534]]

also issues regulations related to the mission of the Department of the
Treasury. Under section 403(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002,
the former-U.S. Customs Service, including functions of the Secretary
of the Treasury relating thereto, transferred to the Secretary of
Homeland Security. As part of the initial organization of DHS, the
Customs Service inspection and trade functions were combined with the
immigration and agricultural inspection functions and the Border Patrol
and transferred into CBP. It is noted that certain regulatory authority
of the U.S. Customs Service relating to customs revenue function was
retained by the Department of the Treasury (see the Department of the
Treasury Regulatory Plan). In addition to its plans to continue issuing
regulations to enhance border security, CBP, during fiscal year 2015,
expects to continue to issue regulatory documents that will facilitate
legitimate trade and implement trade benefit program. CBP regulations
regarding the customs revenue function are discussed in the Regulatory
Plan of the Department of the Treasury.

Federal Emergency Management Agency

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) does not have any
significant regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

Federal Law Enforcement Training Center

The Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) does not have
any significant regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement

ICE is the principal criminal investigative arm of the Department
of Homeland Security and one of the three Department components charged
with the civil enforcement of the Nation's immigration laws. Its
primary mission is to protect national security, public safety, and the
integrity of our borders through the criminal and civil enforcement of
Federal law governing border control, customs, trade, and immigration.
During fiscal year 2015, ICE will focus rulemaking efforts on
implementing and planning improvements in the area of student and
exchange visitor programs and to advance initiatives related to F-1 and
M-1 nonimmigrant students.
 Adjustments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment
and Study by F-2 and M-2 Nonimmigrants. On November 21, 2013, DHS
published a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the regulatory cap
on the number of designated school officials (DSOs) that may be
nominated for the oversight of each school's campus(es) where F-1 and/
or M-1 students are enrolled. Currently, schools are limited to ten
DSOs per school or per campus in a multi-campus school. In addition,
the proposed rule sought to modify the regulatory restrictions placed
on the dependents of an F-1 or M-1 student, to permit F-2 and M-2
nonimmigrants to enroll in less than a full course of study at a school
certified by the ICE Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). ICE
intends to issue a final rule in FY 2015. ICE believes that, in many
circumstances, elimination of a DSO limit may improve the capability of
DSOs to meet their liaison, reporting, and oversight responsibilities.
In addition, ICE recognizes that there is increasing global competition
to attract the best and brightest international students to study in
our schools. Allowing a more flexible approach to permit F-2 and M-2
spouses and children to engage in less than a full course of study at
SEVP-certified schools will provide a greater incentive for
international students to travel to the United States for their
education.

National Protection and Programs Directorate

The National Protection and Programs Directorate's (NPPD) vision is
a safe, secure, and resilient infrastructure where the American way of
life can thrive. NPPD leads the national effort to protect and enhance
the resilience of the nation's physical and cyber infrastructure.
 Ammonium Nitrate Security Program. Recognizing both the economic
importance of ammonium nitrate and the fact that ammonium nitrate is
susceptible to use by terrorists in explosive devices, Congress, in
section 563 of the Fiscal Year 2008 DHS Appropriations Act, granted DHS
the authority to ``regulate the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate
by an ammonium nitrate facility . . . to prevent the misappropriation
or use of ammonium nitrate in an act of terrorism.'' The statute
directs DHS to promulgate regulations requiring potential buyers and
sellers of ammonium nitrate to register with DHS, in order to obtain
ammonium nitrate registration numbers from DHS. The statute also
requires DHS to screen each applicant against the Terrorist Screening
Database. The statute also requires sellers of ammonium nitrate to
verify the identities of those individuals seeking to purchase ammonium
nitrate; to record certain information about each sale or transfer of
ammonium nitrate; and to report thefts and losses of ammonium nitrate
to federal authorities.
 On October 29, 2008, DHS published an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) for a Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate Program.
DHS reviewed the public comments and, on August 3, 2011, published a
notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM). DHS received comment on the NPRM
until December 1, 2011, and is now reviewing and adjudicating the
public comments in order to develop a final rule. The final rule is
intended to aid the Federal Government in its efforts to protect
against the misappropriation of ammonium nitrate for use in acts of
terrorism and to limit terrorists' abilities to threaten the Nation's
critical infrastructure and key resources. By protecting the Nation's
supply of ammonium nitrate through the implementation of this rule, it
will be more difficult for terrorists to obtain ammonium nitrate
materials for use in terrorist acts.

Transportation Security Administration

The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) protects the
Nation's transportation systems to ensure freedom of movement for
people and commerce. TSA is committed to continuously setting the
standard for excellence in transportation security through its people,
processes, and technology as we work to meet the immediate and long-
term needs of the transportation sector.
 In fiscal year 2014, responding to new legislative mandates in the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, Pub. L. 113-67 (Dec. 26, 2013) TSA
published two statutorily-required regulations: One that restructured
the fee imposed on passengers (known as the September 11th Security
Fee) and another that repealed TSA's authority to impose a fee on air
carriers (known as the Aviation Security Infrastructure Fee).
 In fiscal year 2015, TSA will promote the DHS mission by
emphasizing regulatory efforts that allow TSA to better identify,
detect, and protect against threats against various modes of the
transportation system, while facilitating the efficient movement of the
traveling public, transportation workers, and cargo.
 Passenger Screening Using Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT). TSA
intends to issue a final rule to amend its civil aviation regulations
to address whether screening and inspection of an individual, conducted
to control access to the sterile area of an airport or to an aircraft,
may include the use of advanced imaging technology (AIT).

[[Page 76535]]

TSA published an NPRM on March 26, 2012, to comply with the decision
rendered by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District Columbia Circuit
in Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) v. U.S. Department of
Homeland Security on July 15, 2011. 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011). The
Court directed TSA to conduct notice and comment rulemaking on the use
of AIT in the primary screening of passengers.
 Security Training for Surface Mode Employees. TSA will propose
regulations to enhance the security of several non-aviation modes of
transportation. In particular, TSA will propose regulations requiring
freight railroad carriers, public transportation agencies (including
rail mass transit and bus systems), passenger railroad carriers, and
over-the-road bus operators to conduct security training for front line
employees. This regulation would implement sections 1408 (Public
Transportation), 1517 (Freight Railroads), and 1534(a) (Over-the-Road-
Buses) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act
of 2007 (9/11 Act). In compliance with the definitions of frontline
employees in the pertinent provisions of the 9/11 Act, the notice of
proposed rulemaking (NPRM) would propose to define which employees are
required to undergo training. This NPRM would also propose definitions
for transportation of security-sensitive materials as required by
section 1501 of the 9/11 Act.
 Standardized Vetting, Adjudication, and Redress Process and Fees.
TSA is developing a proposed rule to revise and standardize the
procedures, adjudication criteria, and fees for most of the security
threat assessments (STAs) of individuals that TSA conducts. TSA is
considering a proposal that would include procedures for conducting
STAs for transportation workers from almost all modes of
transportation, including those covered under the 9/11 Act. In
addition, TSA will propose equitable fees to cover the cost of the STAs
and credentials for some personnel. TSA plans to identify new
efficiencies in processing STAs and ways to streamline existing
regulations by simplifying language and removing redundancies. As part
of this proposed rule, TSA will propose revisions to the Alien Flight
Student Program (AFSP) regulations. TSA published an interim final rule
for the AFSP on September 20, 2004. TSA regulations require aliens
seeking to train at Federal Aviation Administration-regulated flight
schools to complete an application and undergo an STA prior to
beginning flight training. There are four categories under which
students currently fall; the nature of the STA depends on the student's
category. TSA is considering changes to the AFSP that would improve
equity among fee payers and enable the implementation of new
technologies to support vetting.

United States Secret Service

The United States Secret Service does not have any significant
regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

DHS Regulatory Plan for Fiscal Year 2015

A more detailed description of the priority regulations that
comprise DHS's fall 2014 regulatory plan follows.

DHS--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY (OS)

Final Rule Stage

68. Ammonium Nitrate Security Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-161, 2008 Consolidated Appropriations
Act, sec. 563, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate
 CFR Citation: 6 CFR 31
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, May 26, 2008, Publication of
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. Final, Statutory, December 26, 2008,
Publication of Final Rule.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will implement the December 2007
amendment to the Homeland Security Act entitled ``Secure Handling of
Ammonium Nitrate.'' The amendment requires the Department of Homeland
Security to ``regulate the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate by an
ammonium nitrate facility . . . to prevent the misappropriation or use
of ammonium nitrate in an act of terrorism.''
 Statement of Need: Pursuant to section 563 of the 2008 Consolidated
Appropriations Act, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate,
Public Law 110-161, the Department of Homeland Security is required to
promulgate a rulemaking to create a registration regime for certain
buyers and sellers of ammonium nitrate. This rule would create that
regime, and would aid the Federal Government in its efforts to protect
against the misappropriation of ammonium nitrate for use in acts of
terrorism. By protecting against such misappropriation, this rule could
limit terrorists' abilities to threaten the public and to threaten the
Nation's critical infrastructure and key resources. By securing the
Nation's supply of ammonium nitrate, it should be much more difficult
for terrorists to obtain ammonium nitrate materials for use in
improvised explosive devices. As a result, there is a direct value in
the deterrence of a catastrophic terrorist attack using ammonium
nitrate, such as the Oklahoma City attack that killed over 160 and
injured 853 people.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 563 of the 2008 Consolidated
Appropriations Act, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate,
Public Law 110-161, authorizes and requires this rulemaking.
 Alternatives: The Department considered several alternatives when
developing the Ammonium Nitrate Security Program proposed rule. The
alternatives considered were: (a) Register individuals applying for an
AN registered user number using a paper application (via facsimile or
the U.S. mail) rather than through in person application at a local
cooperative extension office or only through a Web-based portal; (b)
verify AN purchasers through both an Internet-based verification portal
and call center rather than only a verification portal or call center;
(c) communicate with applicants for an AN registered user number
through U.S. Mail rather than only through email or a secure Web-based
portal; (d) establish a specific capability within the Department to
receive, process, and respond to reports of theft or loss rather than
leverage a similar capability which already exists with the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF); (e) require AN
facilities to maintain records electronically in a central database
provided by the Department rather than providing flexibility to the AN
facility to maintain their own records either in paper or
electronically; (f) require agents to register with the Department
prior to the sale or transfer of ammonium nitrate involving an agent
rather than allow oral confirmation of the agent with the AN purchaser
on whose behalf the agent is working; and (g) exempt explosives from
this regulation rather than not exempting them. As part of its notice
of proposed rulemaking, the Department sought public comment on the
numerous alternative ways in which the Department could carry out the
requirements of the Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate provisions of
the Homeland Security Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In its proposed rule, the Department

[[Page 76536]]

estimated the number of entities that purchase ammonium nitrate to
range from 64,950 to 106,200. These purchasers include farms,
fertilizer mixers, farm supply wholesalers and cooperatives (co-ops),
golf courses, landscaping services, explosives distributors, mines,
retail garden centers, and lab supply wholesalers. The Department
estimated the number of entities that sell ammonium nitrate to be
between 2,486 and 6,236, many of which are also purchasers. These
sellers include ammonium nitrate fertilizer and explosive
manufacturers, fertilizer mixers, farm supply wholesalers and co-ops,
retail garden centers, explosives distributors, fertilizer applicator
services, and lab supply wholesalers. Individuals or firms that provide
transportation services within the distribution chain may be
categorized as sellers, agents, or facilities depending upon their
business relationship with the other parties to the transaction. The
total number of potentially regulated farms and other businesses ranges
from 64,986 to 106,236 (including overlap between the categories). The
cost of the proposed rule ranges from $300 million to $1,041 million
over 10 years at a 7 percent discount rate. The primary estimate is the
mean which is $670.6 million. For comparison, at a 3 percent discount
rate, the cost of the program ranges from $364 million to $1.3 billion
with a primary (mean) estimate of $814 million. The average annualized
cost for the program ranges from $43 million to $148 million (with a
mean of $96 million), also employing a 7 percent discount rate. Because
the value of the benefits of reducing risk of a terrorist attack is a
function of both the probability of an attack and the value of the
consequence, it is difficult to identify the particular risk reduction
associated with the implementation of this rule. These elements and
related qualitative benefits include point of sale identification
requirements and requiring individuals to be screened against the
Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB), resulting in known bad actors
being denied the ability to purchase ammonium nitrate. The Department
of Homeland Security aims to prevent terrorist attacks within the
United States and to reduce the vulnerability of the United States to
terrorism. By preventing the misappropriation or use of ammonium
nitrate in acts of terrorism, this rulemaking will support the
Department's efforts to prevent terrorist attacks and reduce the
Nation's vulnerability to terrorist attacks. This rulemaking is
complementary to other Department programs seeking to reduce the risks
posed by terrorism, including the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism
Standards program (which seeks in part to prevent terrorists from
gaining access to dangerous chemicals) and the Transportation Worker
Identification Credential program (which seeks in part to prevent
terrorists from gaining access to certain critical infrastructure),
among other programs.
 Risks: Explosives containing ammonium nitrate are commonly used in
terrorist attacks. Such attacks have been carried out both domestically
and internationally. The 1995 Murrah Federal Building attack in
Oklahoma City claimed the lives of 167 individuals and demonstrated
firsthand to America how ammonium nitrate could be misused by
terrorists. In addition to the Murrah Building attack, the Provisional
Irish Republican Army used ammonium nitrate as part of its London,
England, bombing campaign in the early 1980s. More recently, ammonium
nitrate was used in the 1998 East African Embassy bombings and in the
November 2003 bombings in Istanbul, Turkey. Additionally, since the
events of 9/11, stores of ammonium nitrate have been confiscated during
raids on terrorist sites around the world, including sites in Canada,
England, India, and the Philippines.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 10/29/08 73 FR 64280
Correction.......................... 11/05/08 73 FR 65783
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 12/29/08
NPRM................................ 08/03/11 76 FR 46908
Notice of Public Meetings........... 10/07/11 76 FR 62311
Notice of Public Meetings........... 11/14/11 76 FR 70366
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/01/11
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Jon MacLaren, Chief, Rulemaking Section, Department
of Homeland Security, National Protection and Programs Directorate,
Infrastructure Security Compliance Division (NPPD/ISCD), 245 Murray
Lane, Mail Stop 0610, Arlington, VA 20598-0610, Phone: 703 235-5263,
Fax: 703 603-4712, Email: jon.m.maclaren@hq.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1601-AA52

DHS--U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES (USCIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

69. Asylum and Withholding Definitions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1158; 8 U.S.C. 1226; 8
U.S.C. 1252; 8 U.S.C. 1282
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 2; 8 CFR 208.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes to amend Department of Homeland
Security regulations that govern eligibility for asylum and withholding
of removal. The amendments focus on portions of the regulations that
deal with the definitions of membership in a particular social group,
the requirements for failure of State protection, and determinations
about whether persecution is inflicted on account of a protected
ground. This rule codifies long-standing concepts of the definitions.
It clarifies that gender can be a basis for membership in a particular
social group. It also clarifies that a person who has suffered or fears
domestic violence may under certain circumstances be eligible for
asylum on that basis. After the Board of Immigration Appeals published
a decision on this issue in 1999, Matter of R-A-, Int. Dec. 3403 (BIA
1999), it became clear that the governing regulatory standards required
clarification. The Department of Justice began this regulatory
initiative by publishing a proposed rule addressing these issues in
2000.
 Statement of Need: This rule provides guidance on a number of key
interpretive issues of the refugee definition used by adjudicators
deciding asylum and withholding of removal (withholding) claims. The
interpretive issues include whether persecution is inflicted on account
of a protected ground, the requirements for establishing the failure of
State protection, and the parameters for defining membership in a
particular social group. This rule will aid in the adjudication of
claims made by applicants whose claims fall outside of the rubric of
the protected grounds of race, religion, nationality, or political
opinion. One example of such claims which often fall within the
particular social group ground concerns people who have suffered or
fear domestic

[[Page 76537]]

violence. This rule is expected to consolidate issues raised in a
proposed rule in 2000 and to address issues that have developed since
the publication of the proposed rule. This rule should provide greater
stability and clarity in this important area of the law. This rule will
also provide guidance to the following adjudicators: USCIS asylum
officers, Department of Justice Executive Office for Immigration Review
(EOIR) immigration judges, and members of the EOIR Board of Immigration
Appeals (BIA).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The purpose of this rule is to provide
guidance on certain issues that have arisen in the context of asylum
and withholding adjudications. The 1951 Geneva Convention relating to
the Status of Refugees contains the internationally accepted definition
of a refugee. United States immigration law incorporates an almost
identical definition of a refugee as a person outside his or her
country of origin ``who is unable or unwilling to return to, and is
unable or unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of,
that country because of persecution or a well-founded fear of
persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a
particular social group, or political opinion.'' Section 101(a)(42) of
the Immigration and Nationality Act.
 Alternatives: A sizable body of interpretive case law has developed
around the meaning of the refugee definition. Historically, much of
this case law has addressed more traditional asylum and withholding
claims based on the protected grounds of race, religion, nationality,
or political opinion. In recent years, however, the United States
increasingly has encountered asylum and withholding applications with
more varied bases, related, for example, to an applicant's gender or
sexual orientation. Many of these new types of claims are based on the
ground of ``membership in a particular social group,'' which is the
least well-defined of the five protected grounds within the refugee
definition.
 On December 7, 2000, DOJ published a proposed rule in the Federal
Register providing guidance on the definitions of ``persecution'' and
``membership in a particular social group.'' Before DHS publishes a new
proposed rule, DHS will consider how the nexus between persecution and
a protected ground might be further conceptualized; how membership in a
particular social group might be defined and evaluated; and what
constitutes a State's inability or unwillingness to protect the
applicant where the persecution arises from a non-State actor. The
alternative to publishing this rule would be to allow the standards
governing this area of law to continue to develop piecemeal through
administrative and judicial precedent. This approach has resulted in
inconsistent and confusing standards, and the Department has therefore
determined that promulgation of the new proposed rule is necessary.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: By providing a clear framework for
key asylum and withholding issues, we anticipate that adjudicators will
have clear guidance, increasing administrative efficiency and
consistency in adjudicating these cases. The rule will also promote a
more consistent and predictable body of administrative and judicial
precedent governing these types of cases. We anticipate that this will
enable applicants to better assess their potential eligibility for
asylum, and to present their claims more efficiently when they believe
that they may qualify, thus reducing the resources spent on
adjudicating claims that do not qualify. In addition, a more consistent
and predictable body of law on these issues will likely result in fewer
appeals, both administrative and judicial, and reduce associated
litigation costs. The Department has no way of accurately predicting
how this rule will impact the number of asylum applications filed in
the United States. Based on anecdotal evidence and on the reported
experience of other nations that have adopted standards under which the
results are similar to those we anticipate for this rule, we do not
believe this rule will cause a change in the number of asylum
applications filed.
 Risks: The failure to promulgate a final rule in this area presents
significant risk of further inconsistency and confusion in the law. The
Government's interests in fair, efficient, and consistent adjudications
would be compromised.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/07/00 65 FR 76588
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/22/01
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: CIS No. 2092-00.
 Transferred from RIN 1115-AF92
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Ted Kim, Deputy Chief, Asylum Division, Office of
Refugee, Asylum, and International Operations, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Suite 6030, Washington, DC 20259, Phone: 202 272-1614, Fax:
202 272-1994, Email: ted.h.kim@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA41

DHS--USCIS

70. New Classification for Victims of Criminal Activity; Eligibility
for the U Nonimmigrant Status

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8
U.S.C. 1101 (note); 8 U.S.C. 1102; Pub. L. 113-4
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 212; 8 CFR 214; 8 CFR
299.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes new application and eligibility
requirements for U nonimmigrant status. The U classification is for
non-U.S. citizen/lawful permanent resident victims of certain crimes
who cooperate with an investigation or prosecution of those crimes.
There is a limit of 10,000 principals per fiscal year. This rule would
propose to establish new procedures to be followed to petition for the
U nonimmigrant classifications. Specifically, the rule would address
the essential elements that must be demonstrated to receive the
nonimmigrant classification, procedures that must be followed to file a
petition and evidentiary guidance to assist in the petitioning process.
Eligible victims would be allowed to remain in the United States if
granted U nonimmigrant status. The Trafficking Victims Protection
Reauthorization Act of 2008, Public Law 110-457, and the Violence
Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA) of 2013, Public Law 113-4,
made amendments to the U nonimmigrant status provisions of the
Immigration and Nationality Act. The Department of Homeland Security
had issued an interim final rule in 2007.
 Statement of Need: This regulation is necessary to allow alien
victims of certain crimes to petition for U nonimmigrant status. U
nonimmigrant status is available to eligible victims of certain
qualifying criminal activity who: (1) Has suffered substantial physical
or mental abuse as a result of the qualifying criminal activity; (2)
the alien possesses information about the crime; (3) the alien has
been, is being, or is likely to be helpful in the investigation

[[Page 76538]]

or prosecution of the crime; and (4) the criminal activity took place
in the United States, including military installations and Indian
country, or the territories or possessions of the United States. This
rule addresses the eligibility requirements that must be met for
classification as a U nonimmigrant alien and implements statutory
amendments to these requirements, streamlines the procedures to
petition for U nonimmigrant status, and provides evidentiary guidance
to assist in the petition process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress created the U nonimmigrant
classification in the Battered Immigrant Women Protection Act of 2000
(BIWPA) to provide immigration relief for alien victims of certain
qualifying criminal activity and who are helpful to law enforcement in
the investigation or prosecution of these crimes.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services and keeping in mind the purpose of the U visa as a law
enforcement tool, DHS is considering and using suggestions from
stakeholders in developing this regulation. These suggestions came in
the form of public comment from the 2007 interim final rule as well as
USCIS' 6 years of experience with the U nonimmigrant status program,
including regular meetings and outreach events with stakeholders and
law enforcement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: DHS estimated the total annual cost
of the interim rule to petitioners to be $6.2 million in the interim
final rule published in 2007. This cost included the biometric services
fee, the opportunity cost of time needed to submit the required forms,
the opportunity cost of time required and cost of traveling to visit a
USCIS Application Support Center. DHS is currently in the process of
updating our cost estimates since U nonimmigrant visa petitioners are
no longer required to pay the biometric services fee. The anticipated
benefits of these expenditures include assistance to victims of
qualifying criminal activity and their families and increases in
arrests and prosecutions of criminals nationwide. Additional benefits
include heightened awareness by law enforcement of victimization of
aliens in their community, and streamlining the petitioning process so
that victims may benefit from this immigration relief.
 Risks: There is a statutory cap of 10,000 principal U nonimmigrant
visas that may be granted per fiscal year at 8 U.S.C. 1184(p)(2).
Eligible petitioners who are not granted principal U-1 nonimmigrant
status due solely to the numerical limit will be placed on a waiting
list maintained by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
To protect U-1 petitioners and their families, USCIS will use various
means to prevent the removal of U-1 petitioners and their eligible
family members on the waiting list, including exercising its authority
to allow deferred action, parole, and stays of removal, in cooperation
with other DHS components.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 09/17/07 72 FR 53013
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 10/17/07
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 11/17/07
 End.
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Transferred from RIN 1115-AG39.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA67

DHS--USCIS

71. Exception to the Persecution Bar for Asylum, Refugee, and Temporary
Protected Status, and Withholding of Removal

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1158; 8
U.S.C. 1226; Pub. L. 107-26; Pub. L. 110-229.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 1; 8 CFR 207; 8 CFR 208; 8 CFR 240; 8 CFR 244;
8 CFR 1001; 8 CFR 1208; 8 CFR 1240.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This joint rule proposes amendments to Department of
Homeland Security (DHS) and Department of Justice (DOJ) regulations to
describe the circumstances under which an applicant will continue to be
eligible for asylum, refugee, or temporary protected status, special
rule cancellation of removal under the Nicaraguan Adjustment and
Central American Relief Act, and withholding of removal, even if DHS or
DOJ has determined that the applicant's actions contributed, in some
way, to the persecution of others when the applicant's actions were
taken when the applicant was under duress.
 Statement of Need: This rule resolves ambiguity in the statutory
language precluding eligibility for asylum, refugee, and temporary
protected status of an applicant who ordered, incited, assisted, or
otherwise participated in the persecution of others. The proposed
amendment would provide a limited exception for actions taken by the
applicant under duress and clarify the required levels of the
applicant's knowledge of the persecution.
 Summary of Legal Basis: In Negusie v. Holder, 129 S. Ct. 1159
(2009), the Supreme Court addressed whether the persecutor bar should
apply where an alien's actions were taken under duress. DHS believes
that this is an appropriate subject for rulemaking and proposes to
amend the applicable regulations to set out its interpretation of the
statute. In developing this regulatory initiative, DHS has carefully
considered the purpose and history behind enactment of the persecutor
bar, including its international law origins and the criminal law
concepts upon which they are based.
 Alternatives: DHS did consider the alternative of not publishing a
rulemaking on these issues. To leave this important area of the law
without an administrative interpretation would confuse adjudicators and
the public.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The programs affected by this rule
exist so that the United States may respond effectively to global
humanitarian situations and assist people who are in need. USCIS
provides a number of humanitarian programs and protection to assist
individuals in need of shelter or aid from disasters, oppression,
emergency medical issues, and other urgent circumstances. This rule
will advance the humanitarian goals of the asylum/refugee program, and
other specialized programs. The main benefits of such goals tend to be
intangible and difficult to quantify in economic and monetary terms.
These forms of relief have not been available to individuals who
engaged in persecution of others under duress. This rule will allow an
exception to this bar from protection for applicants who can meet the
appropriate evidentiary standard. Consequently, this rule may result in
a small increase in the number of applicants for humanitarian programs.

[[Page 76539]]

To the extent a small increase in applicants occurs, there could be
additional fee costs incurred by these applicants.
 Risks: If DHS were not to publish a regulation, the public would
face a lengthy period of confusion on these issues. There could also be
inconsistent interpretations of the statutory language, leading to
significant litigation and delay for the affected public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Ronald W. Whitney, Deputy Chief, Refugee and Asylum
Law Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Chief Counsel, 20 Massachusetts Avenue
NW., Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 415 293-1244, Fax: 415 293-1269,
Email: ronald.w.whitney@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB89

DHS--USCIS

72. Administrative Appeals Office: Procedural Reforms To Improve
Efficiency

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8
U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1304; 6 U.S.C. 112.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 205; 8 CFR 210; 8 CFR
214; 8 CFR 245a; 8 CFR 320; 8 CFR 105 (new); . . .
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule revises the requirements and
procedures for the filing of motions and appeals before the Department
of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
(USCIS), and its Administrative Appeals Office. The proposed changes
are intended to streamline the existing processes for filing motions
and appeals and will reduce delays in the review and appellate process.
This rule also proposes additional changes necessitated by the
establishment of DHS and its components.
 Statement of Need: This rule proposes to make numerous changes to
streamline the current appeal and motion processes which: (1) Will
result in cost savings to the Government, applicants, and petitioners;
and (2) will provide for a more efficient use of USCIS officer and
clerical staff time, as well as more uniformity with Board of
Immigration Appeals appeal and motion processes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 5 U.S.C. 301; 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a;
8 U.S.C. 1101 and notes 1102, 1103, 1151, 1153, 1154, 1182, 1184, 1185
note (sec. 7209 of Pub. L. 108-458; title VII of Pub. L. 110-229),
1186a, 1187, 1221,1223, 1225 to 1227, 1255a, and 1255a note, 1281,
1282, 1301 to 1305, 1324a, 1356, 1372, 1379, 1409(c), 1443 to 1444,
1448, 1452, 1455, 1641, 1731 to 1732; 31 U.S.C. 9701; 48 U.S.C. 1901,
1931 note; section 643, Public Law 104-208, 110, Stat. 3009-708;
section 141 of the Compacts of Free Association with the Federated
States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and with
the Government of Palau; title VII of Public Law 110-229; Public Law
107-296, 116 Stat. 2135 (6 U.S.C. 1 et seq.); Public Law 82-414, 66
Stat. 173, 238, 254, 264; title VII of Public Law 110-229; Executive
Order 12356.
 Alternatives: The alternative to this rule would be to continue
under the current process without change.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As a result of streamlining the
appeal and motion process, DHS anticipates quantitative and qualitative
benefits to DHS and the public. We also anticipate cost savings to DHS
and applicants as a result of the proposed changes.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Previously 1615-AB29 (CIS 2311-04), which
was withdrawn in 2007.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: William K. Renwick, Supervisory Citizenship and
Immigration Appeals Officer, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Administrative Appeals Office,
Washington, DC 20529-2090, Phone: 703 224-4501, Email:
william.k.renwick@uscis.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Duplicate of 1615-AB29
 RIN: 1615-AB98

DHS--USCIS

Final Rule Stage

73. Classification for Victims of Severe Forms of Trafficking in
Persons; Eligibility for T Nonimmigrant Status

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101 to
1104; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1201; 8
U.S.C. 1224 to 1227; 8 U.S.C. 1252 to 1252a; 22 U.S.C. 7101; 22 U.S.C.
7105; Pub. L. 113-4
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 212; 8 CFR 214; 8 CFR 274a; 8 CFR
299.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The T nonimmigrant classification was created by the
Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000, Public Law
106-386. The classification was designed for eligible victims of severe
forms of trafficking in persons who aid law enforcement with their
investigation or prosecution of the traffickers, and who can establish
that they would suffer extreme hardship involving unusual and severe
harm if they were removed from the United States. The rule streamlines
application procedures and responsibilities for the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS) and provides guidance to the public on how to
meet certain requirements to obtain T nonimmigrant status. Several
reauthorizations, including the Violence Against Women Reauthorization
Act of 2013, Public Law 113-4, have made amendments to the T
nonimmigrant status provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
This rule implements those amendments.
 Statement of Need: This rule addresses the essential elements that
must be demonstrated for classification as a T nonimmigrant alien and
implements statutory amendments to these elements, streamlines the
procedures to be followed by applicants to apply for T nonimmigrant
status, and evidentiary guidance to assist in the application process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 107(e) of the Victims of
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 Public Law 106-386, as
amended, established the T classification to provide immigration relief
for certain eligible victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons
who assist law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting
the perpetrators of these crimes.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services, keeping in mind the purpose of the T visa also being a law
enforcement tool, DHS is considering and using suggestions from
stakeholders in

[[Page 76540]]

developing this regulation. These suggestions came in the form of
public comment to the 2002 interim final rule, as well as from over 10
years of experience with the T nonimmigrant status program, including
regular meetings with stakeholders and regular outreach events.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Applicants for T nonimmigrant status
do not pay application or biometric fees. The anticipated benefits of
these expenditures include: Assistance to trafficked victims and their
families, prosecution of traffickers in persons, and the elimination of
abuses caused by trafficking activities. Benefits which may be
attributed to the implementation of this rule are expected to be: (1)
An increase in the number of cases brought forward for investigation
and/or prosecution; (2) heightened awareness by the law enforcement
community of trafficking in persons; and (3) streamlining the
application process for victims.
 Risks: There is a 5,000-person limit to the number of individuals
who can be granted T-1 status per fiscal year. Eligible applicants who
are not granted T-1 status due solely to the numerical limit will be
placed on a waiting list maintained by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS). To protect T-1 applicants and their families, USCIS
will use various means to prevent the removal of T-1 applicants on the
waiting list, and their family members who are eligible for derivative
T status, including its existing authority to grant deferred action,
parole, and stays of removal, in cooperation with other DHS components.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 01/31/02 67 FR 4784
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 03/04/02
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 04/01/02
 End.
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Transferred from RIN 1115-AG19.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA59

DHS--USCIS

74. Application of Immigration Regulations to the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-229; 8 U.S.C. 1101 and note; 8 U.S.C.
1102; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1182 and note; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C.
1187; 8 U.S.C. 1223; 8 U.S.C. 1225; 8 U.S.C. 1226; 8 U.S.C. 1227; 8
U.S.C. 1255; 8 U.S.C. 1185 note; 8 U.S.C. 48; U.S.C. 1806; 8 U.S.C.
1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1221; 8 U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8
U.S.C. 1301 to 1305 and 1372; Pub. L. 104-208; Pub. L. 106-386;
Compacts of Free Association with the Federated States of Micronesia
and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and with the Government of
Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C. 1901 note and 1931 note; Pub. L. 105-100;
Pub. L. 105-277; 8 U.S.C. 1324a
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 212.4(k)(1) and (2); 8 CFR 214.16(a), (b), (c)
and (d); 8 CFR 245.1(d)(1)(v) and (vi); 8 CFR 274a.12(b)(24); 8 CFR
1245.1(d)(1)(v), (vi), and (vii); 8 CFR part 2
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 28, 2009, Consolidated
Natural Resources Act (CNRA) of 2008. Public Law 110-229, the
Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), was enacted on May
8, 2008. Title VII of this statute extended the provisions of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) to the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI).
 Abstract: This final rule amends the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) regulations to
comply with the CNRA. The CNRA extends the immigration laws of the
United States to the CNMI. This rule finalizes the interim rule and
implements conforming amendments to their respective regulations.
 Statement of Need: This rule finalizes the interim rule to conform
existing regulations with the CNRA. Some of the changes implemented
under the CNRA affect existing regulations governing both DHS
immigration policy and procedures and proceedings before the
immigration judges and the Board. Accordingly, it is necessary to make
amendments both to the DHS regulations and to the DOJ regulations. The
Secretary and the Attorney General are making conforming amendments to
their respective regulations in this single rulemaking document.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress extended the immigration laws of
the United States to the CNMI. The stated purpose of the CNRA is to
ensure effective border control procedures, to properly address
national security and homeland security concerns by extending U.S.
immigration law to the CNMI (phasing-out the CNMI's nonresident
contract worker program while minimizing to the greatest extent
practicable the potential adverse economic and fiscal effects of that
phase-out), to maximize the CNMI's potential for future economic and
business growth, and to assure worker protections from the potential
for abuse and exploitation.
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs: The interim rule established
basic provisions necessary for the application of the INA to the CNMI
and updated definitions and existing DHS and DOJ regulations in areas
that were confusing or in conflict with how they are to be applied to
implement the INA in the CNMI. As such, that rule made no changes that
had identifiable direct or indirect economic impacts that could be
quantified. Benefits: This final rule makes regulatory changes in order
to lessen the adverse impacts of the CNRA on employers and employees in
the CNMI and assist the CNMI in its transition to the INA.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 10/28/09 74 FR 55725
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 11/27/09
 End.
Correction.......................... 12/22/09 74 FR 67969
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: CIS 2460-08.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1615-AB76, Related to 1615-AB75
 RIN: 1615-AB77


[[Page 76541]]

DHS--USCIS

75. Special Immigrant Juvenile Petitions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1151; 8
U.S.C. 1153; 8 U.S.C. 1154.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 205; 8 CFR 245.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to
amend its regulations governing the Special Immigrant Juvenile (SIJ)
classification and related applications for adjustment of status to
permanent resident. The Secretary may grant SIJ classification to
aliens whose reunification with one or both parents is not viable due
to abuse, neglect, abandonment, or a similar basis found under State
law. This proposed rule would require a petitioner to be under the age
of 21 only at the time of filing for SIJ classification. This proposed
rule would require that juvenile court dependency be in effect at the
time of filing for SIJ classification and continue through the time of
adjudication unless the age of the juvenile prevents such continued
dependency. Aliens granted SIJ classification are eligible immediately
to apply for adjustment of status to that of permanent resident. The
Department received comments on the proposed rule in 2011 and intends
to issue a final rule in the coming year.
 Statement of Need: SIJ classification is available to eligible
alien children who: (1) Are present in the United States; (2) have been
declared dependent on a juvenile court or an individual or entity
appointed by a State or juvenile court; (3) cannot reunify with one or
both of the alien's parents due to abuse, abandonment, neglect, or a
similar basis under State law; (4) it is not in the best interest to be
returned to the home country. DHS must also consent to the grant of SIJ
classification. This rule would address the eligibility requirements
that must be met for SIJ classification and related adjustment of
status, implement statutory amendments to these requirements, and
provide procedural and evidentiary guidance to assist in the petition
process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress established the SIJ classification
in the Immigration Act of 1990 (IMMACT). The 1998 Appropriations Act
amended the SIJ classification by linking eligibility to aliens
declared dependent on a juvenile court due to abuse, abandonment, or
neglect and creating consent functions. The Trafficking Victims
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 made many changes to the SIJ
classification including: (1) Creating a requirement that the alien's
reunification with one or both parents not be viable due to abuse,
abandonment, neglect, or a similar basis under State law; (2) expanding
the aliens who may be eligible to include those placed by a juvenile
court with an individual or entity; (3) modifying the consent
functions; (4) providing age-out protection; and (5) creating a
timeframe for adjudications.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services, keeping in mind the humanitarian purpose of the SIJ
classification and the vulnerable nature of alien children who have
been abused, abandoned or neglected, DHS is considering and using
suggestions from stakeholders in developing this regulation. These
suggestions came in the form of public comment from the 2011 proposed
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In the 2011 proposed rule, DHS
estimated there would be no additional regulatory compliance costs for
petitioning individuals or any program costs for the government as a
result of the proposed amendments. Qualitatively, DHS estimated that
the proposed rule would codify the practices and procedures currently
implemented via internal policy directives issued by USCIS, thereby
establishing clear guidance for petitioners. DHS is currently in the
process of updating our final cost and benefit estimates.
 Risks: The failure to promulgate a final rule in this area presents
significant risk of further inconsistency and confusion in the law. The
Government's interests in fair, efficient, and consistent adjudications
would be compromised.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/06/11 76 FR 54978
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/07/11 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB81

DHS--USCIS

76. Employment Authorization for Certain H-4 Dependent Spouses

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1102; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8
U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C. 1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C.
1221; 8 U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8 U.S.C. 1301 to 1305 and 1372;
Pub. L. 104-208, sec 643; Pub. L. 106-386; Compacts of Free Association
with the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the
Marshall Islands, and with the Government of Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C.
1901 note and 1931 note; 48 U.S.C. 1806; 8 U.S.C. 1324a; Pub. L. 110-
229.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 274a.12(c)(26); 8 CFR part 2; 8 CFR
214.2(h)(9)(iv).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to
amend its regulations by extending the availability of employment
authorization to certain H-4 dependent spouses of principal H-1B
nonimmigrants who have begun the process of seeking lawful permanent
resident status through employment. Allowing the eligible class of H-4
dependent spouses to work encourages professionals with high demand
skills to remain in the country and help spur the innovation and growth
of U.S. companies.
 Statement of Need: Under current regulations, DHS does not list H-4
dependents (spouses and unmarried children under 21) of H-1B
nonimmigrant workers among the classes of aliens eligible to work in
the United States. See 8 CFR 274a.12. The lack of employment
authorization for H-4 dependent spouses often gives rise to personal
and economic hardship for the families of H-1B nonimmigrants the longer
they remain in the United States. In many cases, for those H-1B
nonimmigrants and their families who wish to remain permanently in the
United States, the timeframe required for an H-1B nonimmigrant to
acquire lawful permanent residence through his or her employment may be
many years. As a result, retention of highly educated and highly
skilled nonimmigrant workers in the United States can become
problematic for employers. Retaining highly skilled persons who

[[Page 76542]]

intend to acquire lawful permanent residence is important to the United
States given the contributions of these individuals to the U.S.
economy, including advances in entrepreneurial and research and
development endeavors, which correlate highly with overall economic
growth and job creation. In this rule, DHS proposes to extend
employment authorization to certain H-4 dependent spouses of H-1B
nonimmigrants. DHS believes that this rule would further encourage H-1B
skilled workers to remain in the United States, continue contributing
to the U.S. economy, and not abandon their efforts to become lawful
permanent residents, to the detriment of their U.S. employer, because
their H-4 nonimmigrant spouses are unable to obtain work authorization.
This rule would also remove the disincentive for many H-1B families to
start the immigrant process due to the lengthy waiting periods
associated with acquiring status as a lawful permanent resident of the
United States.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Sections 103(a), and 274A(h)(3) of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) generally authorize the Secretary
to provide for employment authorization for aliens in the United
States. In addition, section 214(a)(1) of the INA authorizes the
Secretary to prescribe regulations setting terms and conditions of
admission of nonimmigrants.
 Alternatives: In enacting the American Competitiveness in the
Twenty-First Century Act of 2000 (AC21), Congress was especially
concerned with avoiding the disruption to U.S. businesses caused by the
required departure of H-1B nonimmigrant workers (for whom the
businesses intended to file employment-based immigrant visa petitions)
upon the expiration of workers' maximum 6-year period of authorized
stay. See S. Rep. No. 106-260, at 15 (2000). DHS rejected this
alternative as overbroad, since such an alternative would offer
eligibility for employment authorization to those spouses of
nonimmigrant workers who have not taken steps to demonstrate a desire
to continue to remain in and contribute to the U.S. economy by seeking
lawful permanent residence.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes would impact spouses of
H-1B workers who have been admitted or have extended their stay under
the provisions of AC21 or who have an approved Immigrant Petition for
Alien Worker, Form I-140. This population would include H-4 dependent
spouses of H-1B nonimmigrants if the H-1B nonimmigrants are either the
beneficiaries of an approved Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, Form
I-140, or have been granted an extension of their authorized period of
admission in the United States under the AC21, amended by the 21st
Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act. The
costs of the rule stem from filing fees and the opportunity costs of
time associated with filing an Application for Employment Authorization
for those eligible H-4 spouses who decide to seek employment while
residing in the United States. Allowing certain H-4 spouses the
opportunity to work results in a negligible increase to the overall
domestic labor force. The benefits of this rule would accrue to U.S.
employers and the U.S. economy by increasing the likelihood of
retaining highly-skilled persons who intend to adjust to lawful
permanent resident status. This is important when considering the
contributions of these individuals to the U.S. economy, including
advances in entrepreneurial and research and development endeavors,
which are highly correlated with overall economic growth and job
creation. In addition, the amendments bring U.S. immigration laws more
in line with other countries that seek to attract skilled foreign
workers.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/12/14 79 FR 26886
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/11/14
Final Action........................ 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB92

DHS--USCIS

77. Enhancing Opportunities for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-3 Nonimmigrants and
EB-1 Immigrants

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1151; 8
U.S.C. 1153; 8 U.S.C. 1154; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C.
1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1255; 8 U.S.C. 1641; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1221; 8
U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8 U.S.C. 1301-1305 and 1372; Pub. L. 104-
208, sec 643; Pub. L. 106-386; Compacts of Free Association with the
Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of Marshall Islands,
and with the Government of Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C. 1901 note and 1931
note; Pub. L. 110-229; 8 U.S.C. 1258; 8 U.S.C. 1324a; 48 U.S.C. 1806; 8
U.S.C. 1102
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 204.5(i)(3)(ii)-(iv); 8 CFR 214.1(c)(1); 8 CFR
248.3(a); 8 CFR 274a.12(b)(9), (b)(20), (b)(23)-(25); 8 CFR part 2.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is updating the
regulations to include nonimmigrant high-skilled specialty occupation
professionals from Chile and Singapore (H-1B1) and from Australia (E-3)
in the list of classes of aliens authorized for employment incident to
status with a specific employer, to clarify that H-1B1 and principal E-
3 nonimmigrants are allowed to work without having to separately apply
to DHS for employment authorization. DHS is also amending the
regulations to provide authorization for continued employment with the
same employer if the employer has timely filed for an extension of the
nonimmigrant's stay. DHS is also providing for this same continued work
authorization for Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI)-
Only Transitional Worker (CW-1) nonimmigrants if a Petition for a CNMI-
Only Nonimmigrant Transitional Worker, Form I-129CW, is timely filed to
apply for an extension of stay. In addition, DHS is updating the
regulations describing the filing procedures for extensions of stay and
change of status requests to include the principal E-3 and H-1B1
nonimmigrant classifications. These changes harmonize the regulations
for E-3, H-1B1, and CW-1 nonimmigrant classifications with existing
regulations for other, similarly situated nonimmigrant classifications.
Finally, DHS is expanding the current list of evidentiary criteria for
employment-based first preference (EB-1) outstanding professors and
researchers to allow the submission of evidence comparable to the other
forms of

[[Page 76543]]

evidence already listed in the regulations. This harmonizes the
regulations for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers with other
employment-based immigrant categories that already allow for submission
of comparable evidence. DHS is amending the regulations to benefit
these high-skilled workers and CW-1 transitional workers by removing
unnecessary hurdles that place such workers at a disadvantage when
compared to similarly situated workers in other visa classifications.
 Statement of Need: The proposal would improve the programs serving
the E-3, H-1B1, and CW-1 nonimmigrant classifications and the EB-1
immigrant classification for outstanding professors and researchers.
The proposed changes harmonize the regulations governing these
classifications with regulations governing similar visa classifications
by removing unnecessary hurdles that place E-3, H-1B1, CW-1 and certain
EB-1 workers at a disadvantage.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public
Law 107-296, section 102, 116 Stat. 2135 (Nov. 25, 2002), 6 U.S.C. 112,
and the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (INA), charge the
Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) with administration and
enforcement of the immigration and nationality laws. See INA section
103, 8 U.S.C. 1103.
 Alternatives: A number of the changes are part of DHS's
Retrospective Review Plan for Existing Regulations. During development
of DHS's Retrospective Review Plan, DHS received a comment from the
public requesting specific changes to the DHS regulations that govern
continued work authorization for E-3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrants when an
extension of status petition is timely filed, and to expand the types
of evidence allowable in support of immigrant petitions for outstanding
researchers or professors. This rule is responsive to that comment, and
with the retrospective review principles of Executive Order 13563.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The E-3 and H-1B1 provisions do not
impose any additional costs on petitioning employers, individuals or
government entities, including the Federal government. The regulatory
amendments provide equity for E-3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrants relative to
other employment-based nonimmigrants listed in 8 CFR 274a.12.(b)(20).
Additionally, this provision may allow employers of E-3 or H-1B1
nonimmigrant workers to avoid the cost of lost productivity resulting
from interruptions of work while an extension of stay petition is
pending. Additionally, the regulatory changes that clarify principal E-
3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrant classifications are employment authorized
incident to status with a specific employer, and that these
nonimmigrant classifications that must file a petition with USCIS to
make an extension of stay or change of status request simply codify
current practice and impose no additional costs. Likewise, the
regulatory amendments governing CW-1 nonimmigrants would not impose any
additional costs for petitioning employers or for CW-1 nonimmigrant
workers. The benefits of the rule are to provide equity for CW-1
nonimmigrant workers whose extension of stay request is filed by the
same employer relative to other CW-1 nonimmigrant workers.
Additionally, this provision mitigates any potential distortion in the
labor market for employers of CW-1 nonimmigrant workers created by
current inconsistent regulatory provisions which currently offer an
incentive to file for extensions of stay with new employers rather than
current employers. The portion of the rule addressing the evidentiary
requirements for the EB-1 outstanding professor and researcher
employment-based immigrant classification allows for the submission of
comparable evidence (achievements not listed in the criteria such as
important patents or prestigious, peer-reviewed funding grants) for
that listed in 8 CFR 204.5(i)(3)(i)(A) through (F) to establish that
the EB-1 professor or researcher is recognized internationally as
outstanding in his or her academic field. Harmonizing the evidentiary
requirements for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers with other
comparable employment-based immigrant classifications provides equity
for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers relative to those other
employment-based visa categories.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/12/14 79 FR 26870
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/11/14
Final Action........................ 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under
Executive Order 13563.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AC00

DHS--U.S. COAST GUARD (USCG)

Final Rule Stage

78. Vessel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and
Automatic Identification System

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1223; 33 U.S.C. 1225; 33 U.S.C. 1231; 46
U.S.C. 3716; 46 U.S.C. 8502; 46 U.S.C. 701; sec 102 of Pub. L. 107-295;
EO 12234
 CFR Citation: 33 CFR 62; 33 CFR 66; 33 CFR 160; 33 CFR 161; 33 CFR
164; 33 CFR 165; 33 CFR 101; 33 CFR 110; 33 CFR 117; 33 CFR 151; 46 CFR
4; 46 CFR 148.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would expand the applicability for Notice
of Arrival and Departure (NOAD) and Automatic Identification System
(AIS) requirements. These expanded requirements would better enable the
Coast Guard to correlate vessel AIS data with NOAD data, enhance our
ability to identify and track vessels, detect anomalies, improve
navigation safety, and heighten our overall maritime domain awareness.
The NOAD portion of this rulemaking could expand the applicability of
the NOAD regulations by changing the minimum size of vessels covered
below the current 300 gross tons, require a notice of departure when a
vessel is departing for a foreign port or place, and mandate electronic
submission of NOAD notices to the National Vessel Movement Center. The
AIS portion of this rulemaking would expand current AIS carriage
requirements for the population identified in the Safety of Life at Sea
(SOLAS) Convention and the Marine Transportation Marine Transportation
Security Act (MTSA) of 2002.
 Statement of Need: There is no central mechanism in place to
capture vessel, crew, passenger, or specific cargo information on
vessels less than or equal to 300 gross tons (GT) intending to arrive
at or depart from U.S. ports unless they are arriving with certain

[[Page 76544]]

dangerous cargo (CDC) or at a port in the 7th Coast Guard District; nor
is there a requirement for vessels to submit notification of departure
information. The lack of NOAD information of this large and diverse
population of vessels represents a substantial gap in our maritime
domain awareness (MDA). We can minimize this gap and enhance MDA by
expanding NOAD applicability to vessels greater than 300 GT, all
foreign commercial vessels and all U.S. commercial vessels coming from
a foreign port, and further enhance (and corroborate) MDA by tracking
those vessels (and others) with AIS. This information is necessary in
order to expand our MDA and provide the Nation maritime safety and
security.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is based on congressional
authority provided in the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (see 33 U.S.C.
1223(a)(5), 1225, 1226, and 1231) and section 102 of the Maritime
Transportation Security Act of 2002 (codified at 46 U.S.C. 70114).
 Alternatives: Our goal is to extend our MDA and to identify
anomalies by correlating vessel NOAD data with AIS data. NOAD and AIS
information from a greater number of vessels, as proposed in this
rulemaking, would expand our MDA. We considered expanding NOAD and AIS
to even more vessels, but we determined that we needed additional
legislative authority to expand AIS beyond what we propose in this
rulemaking, and that it was best to combine additional NOAD expansion
with future AIS expansion. Although not in conjunction with a proposed
rule, the Coast Guard sought comment regarding expansion of AIS
carriage to other waters and other vessels not subject to the current
requirements (68 FR 39369, July 1, 2003; USCG 2003-14878; see also 68
FR 39355). Those comments were reviewed and considered in drafting this
rule and are available in this docket. To fulfill our statutory
obligations, the Coast Guard needs to receive AIS reports and NOADs
from vessels identified in this rulemaking that currently are not
required to provide this information. Policy or other nonbinding
statements by the Coast Guard addressed to the owners of these vessels
would not produce the information required to sufficiently enhance our
MDA to produce the information required to fulfill our Agency
obligations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rulemaking will enhance the
Coast Guard's regulatory program by making it more effective in
achieving the regulatory objectives, which, in this case, is improved
MDA. We provide flexibility in the type of AIS system that can be used,
allowing for reduced cost burden. This rule is also streamlined to
correspond with Customs and Border Protection's APIS requirements,
thereby reducing unjustified burdens. We are further developing
estimates of cost and benefit that were published in 2008. In the 2008
NPRM, we estimated that both segments of the proposed rule would affect
approximately 42,607 vessels. The total number of domestic vessels
affected is approximately 17,323 and the total number of foreign
vessels affected is approximately 25,284. We estimated that the 10-year
total present discounted value or cost of the proposed rule to U.S.
vessel owners is between $132.2 and $163.7 million (7 and 3 percent
discount rates, respectively, 2006 dollars) over the period of
analysis. The Coast Guard believes that this rule, through a
combination of NOAD and AIS, would strengthen and enhance maritime
security. The combination of NOAD and AIS would create a synergistic
effect between the two requirements. Ancillary or secondary benefits
exist in the form of avoided injuries, fatalities, and barrels of oil
not spilled into the marine environment. In the 2008 NPRM, we estimated
that the total discounted benefit (injuries and fatalities) derived
from 68 marine casualty cases analyzed over an 8-year data period from
1996 to 2003 for the AIS portion of the proposed rule is between $24.7
and $30.6 million using $6.3 million for the value of statistical life
(VSL) at 7 percent and 3 percent discount rates, respectively. Just
based on barrels of oil not spilled, we expect the AIS portion of the
proposed rule to prevent 22 barrels of oil from being spilled annually.
The Coast Guard may revise costs and benefits for the final rule to
reflect changes resulting from public comments.
 Risks: Considering the economic utility of U.S. ports, waterways,
and coastal approaches, it is clear that a terrorist incident against
our U.S. Maritime Transportation System (MTS) would have a direct
impact on U.S. users and consumers and could potentially have a
disastrous impact on global shipping, international trade, and the
world economy. By improving the ability of the Coast Guard both to
identify potential terrorists coming to the United States while the
terrorists are far from our shores and to coordinate appropriate
responses and intercepts before the vessel reaches a U.S. port, this
rulemaking would contribute significantly to the expansion of MDA, and
consequently is instrumental in addressing the threat posed by
terrorist actions against the MTS.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/16/08 73 FR 76295
Notice of Public Meeting............ 01/21/09 74 FR 3534
Notice of Second Public Meeting..... 03/02/09 74 FR 9071
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/15/09
Notice of Second Public Meeting 04/15/09
 Comment Period End.
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: We have indicated in past notices and
rulemaking documents, and it remains the case, that we have worked to
coordinate implementation of AIS MTSA requirements with the development
of our ability to take advantage of AIS data (68 FR 39355 and 39370,
Jul. 1, 2003).
 Docket ID USCG-2005-21869.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact:, LCDR Michael D. Lendvay, Program Manager, Office
of Commercial Vessel, Foreign and Offshore Vessel Activities Div. (CG-
CVC-2), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr. Avenue SE., STOP 7501, Washington, DC 20593-7501,
Phone: 202 372-1218, Email: michael.d.lendvay@uscg.mil
 Jorge Arroyo, Project Manager, Office of Navigation Systems (CG-
NAV-1), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr. Avenue SE., STOP 7418, Washington, DC 20593-7418,
Phone: 202 372-1563, Email: jorge.arroyo@uscg.mil
 Related RIN: Related to 1625-AA93, Related to 1625-AB28
 RIN: 1625-AA99

DHS--USCG

79. Inspection of Towing Vessels

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 46 U.S.C. 3103; 46 U.S.C. 3301; 46 U.S.C. 3306; 46
U.S.C. 3308; 46 U.S.C. 3316; 46 U.S.C. 3703; 46 U.S.C. 8104; 46 U.S.C.
8904; DHS Delegation No 0170.1
 CFR Citation: 46 CFR 2; 46 CFR 15; 46 CFR 136 to 144.

[[Page 76545]]

Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 13, 2011. Final,
Statutory, October 15, 2011. On October 15, 2010, the Coast Guard
Authorization Act of 2010 was enacted as Public Law 111-281. It
requires that a proposed rule be issued within 90 days after enactment
and that a final rule be issued within 1 year of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would implement a program of inspection
for certification of towing vessels, which were previously uninspected.
It would prescribe standards for safety management systems and third-
party auditors and surveyors, along with standards for construction,
operation, vessel systems, safety equipment, and recordkeeping.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would implement section 415 of
the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004. The intent of
the proposed rule is to promote safer work practices and reduce
casualties on towing vessels by ensuring that towing vessels adhere to
prescribed safety standards. This proposed rule was developed in
cooperation with the Towing Vessel Safety Advisory Committee. It would
establish a new subchapter dedicated to towing vessels, covering vessel
equipment, systems, operational standards, and inspection requirements.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Proposed new subchapter authority: 46
U.S.C. 3103, 3301, 3306, 3308, 3316, 8104, 8904; 33 CFR 1.05; DHS
Delegation 0170.1. The Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of
2004 (CGMTA 2004), Public Law 108-293, 118 Stat. 1028, (Aug. 9, 2004),
established new authorities for towing vessels as follows: section 415
added towing vessels, as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United
States Code (U.S.C.), as a class of vessels that are subject to safety
inspections under chapter 33 of that title (Id. at 1047). Section 415
also added new section 3306(j) of title 46, authorizing the Secretary
of Homeland Security to establish, by regulation, a safety management
system appropriate for the characteristics, methods of operation, and
nature of service of towing vessels (Id.). Section 409 added new
section 8904(c) of title 46, U.S.C., authorizing the Secretary to
establish, by regulation, ``maximum hours of service (including
recording and recordkeeping of that service) of individuals engaged on
a towing vessel that is at least 26 feet in length measured from end to
end over the deck (excluding the sheer).'' (Id. at 1044-45.)
 Alternatives: We considered the following alternatives for the
notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM): One regulatory alternative would
be the addition of towing vessels to one or more existing subchapters
that deal with other inspected vessels, such as cargo and miscellaneous
vessels (subchapter I), offshore supply vessels (subchapter L), or
small passenger vessels (subchapter T). We do not believe, however,
that this approach would recognize the often ``unique'' nature and
characteristics of the towing industry in general and towing vessels in
particular. The same approach could be adopted for use of a safety
management system by requiring compliance with title 33, Code of
Federal Regulations, part 96 (Rules for the Safe Operation of Vessels
and Safety Management Systems). Adoption of these requirements, without
an alternative safety management system, would also not be
``appropriate for the characteristics, methods of operation, and nature
of service of towing vessels.'' The Coast Guard has had extensive
public involvement (four public meetings, over 100 separate comments
submitted to the docket, as well as extensive ongoing dialogue with
members of the Towing Safety Advisory Committee (TSAC)) regarding
development of these regulations. Adoption of one of the alternatives
discussed above would likely receive little public or industry support,
especially considering the TSAC efforts toward development of standards
to be incorporated into a separate subchapter dealing specifically with
the inspection of towing vessels. An approach that would seem to be
more in keeping with the intent of Congress would be the adoption of
certain existing standards from those applied to other inspected
vessels. In some cases, these existing standards would be appropriately
modified and tailored to the nature and operation of certain categories
of towing vessels. The adopted standards would come from inspected
vessels that have demonstrated ``good marine practice'' within the
maritime community. These regulations would be incorporated into a
subchapter specifically addressing the inspection for certification of
towing vessels. The law requiring the inspection for certification of
towing vessels is a statutory mandate, compelling the Coast Guard to
develop regulations appropriate for the nature of towing vessels and
their specific industry.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: We estimate that owners and
operators of towing vessels would incur additional annualized costs in
the range of $14.3 million to $17.1 million at 7 percent discounted
from this rulemaking. The cost of this rulemaking would involve
provisions for safety management systems, standards for construction,
operation, vessel systems, safety equipment, and recordkeeping. Our
cost assessment includes existing and new vessels. The Coast Guard
developed the requirements in the proposed rule by researching both the
human factors and equipment failures that caused towing vessel
accidents. We believe that the proposed rule would address a wide range
of causes of towing vessel accidents and supports the main goal of
improving safety in the towing industry. The primary benefit of the
proposed rule is an increase in vessel safety and a resulting decrease
in the risk of towing vessel accidents and their consequences. We
estimate an annualized benefit of $28.5 million from this rule.
 Risks: This regulatory action would reduce the risk of towing
vessel accidents and their consequences. Towing vessel accidents result
in fatalities, injuries, property damage, pollution, and delays.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/11/11 76 FR 49976
Notice of Public Meetings........... 09/09/11 76 FR 55847
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/09/11
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Docket ID USCG-2006-24412.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: LCDR William Nabach, Project Manager, Office of
Design & Engineering Standards, CG-OES-2, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue SE.,
STOP 7509, Washington, DC 20593-7509, Phone: 202 372-1386, Email:
william.a.nabach@uscg.mil
 RIN: 1625-AB06

DHS--USCG

80. Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC); Card Reader
Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.

[[Page 76546]]

Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1226; 33 U.S.C. 1231; 46 U.S.C. 701; 50
U.S.C. 191; 50 U.S.C. 192; EO 12656
 CFR Citation: 33 CFR, subchapter H.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, August 20, 2010, SAFE Port Act,
codified at 46 U.S.C. 70105(k). The final rule is required 2 years
after the commencement of the pilot program. The final rule is required
2 years after the commencement of the pilot program.
 Abstract: The Coast Guard is establishing electronic card reader
requirements for maritime facilities and vessels to be used in
combination with TSA's Transportation Worker Identification Credential
(TWIC). Congress enacted several statutory requirements within the
Security and Accountability for Every (SAFE) Port Act of 2006 to guide
regulations pertaining to TWIC readers, including the need to evaluate
TSA's final pilot program report as part of the TWIC reader rulemaking.
During the rulemaking process, we will take into account the final
pilot data and the various conditions in which TWIC readers may be
employed. For example, we will consider the types of vessels and
facilities that will use TWIC readers, locations of secure and
restricted areas, operational constraints, and need for accessibility.
Recordkeeping requirements, amendments to security plans, and the
requirement for data exchanges (i.e., Canceled Card List) between TSA
and vessel or facility owners/operators will also be addressed in this
rulemaking.
 Statement of Need: The Maritime Transportation Security Act (MTSA)
of 2002 explicitly required the issuance of a biometric transportation
security card to all U.S. merchant mariners and to workers requiring
unescorted access to secure areas of MTSA-regulated facilities and
vessels. On May 22, 2006, the Transportation Security Administration
(TSA) and the Coast Guard published a notice of proposed rulemaking
(NPRM) to carry out this statute, proposing a Transportation Worker
Identification Credential (TWIC) Program where TSA conducts security
threat assessments and issues identification credentials, while the
Coast Guard requires integration of the TWIC into the access control
systems of vessels, facilities, and Outer Continental Shelf facilities.
Based on comments received during the public comment period, TSA and
the Coast Guard split the TWIC rule. The final TWIC rule, published in
January of 2007, addressed the issuance of the TWIC and use of the TWIC
as a visual identification credential at access control points. In an
ANPRM, published in March of 2009, and a NPRM, published in April of
2013, the Coast Guard proposed a risk-based approach to TWIC reader
requirements and included proposals to classify MTSA-regulated vessels
and facilities into one of three risk groups, based on specific factors
related to TSI consequence, and apply TWIC reader requirements for
vessels and facilities in conjunction with their relative risk-group
placement. This rulemaking is necessary to comply with the SAFE Port
Act and to complete the implementation of the TWIC Program in our
ports. By requiring electronic card readers at vessels and facilities,
the Coast Guard will further enhance port security and improve access
control measures.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The statutory authorities for the Coast
Guard to prescribe, change, revise, or amend these regulations are
provided under 33 U.S.C. 1226, 1231; 46 U.S.C. chapter 701; 50 U.S.C.
191, 192; Executive Order 12656, 3 CFR 1988 Comp., p. 585; 33 CFR 1.05-
1, 6.04-11, 6.14, 6.16, and 6.19; Department of Homeland Security
Delegation No. 0170.1.
 Alternatives: The implementation of TWIC reader requirements is
mandated by the SAFE Port Act. We considered several alternatives in
the formulation of this proposal. These alternatives were based on risk
analysis of different combinations of facility and vessel populations
facing TWIC reader requirements. The preferred alternative selected
allowed the Coast Guard to target the highest risk entities while
minimizing the overall burden.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The main cost drivers of this rule
are the acquisition and installation of TWIC readers and the
maintenance of the affected entity's TWIC reader system. Initial costs,
which we would distribute over a phased-in implementation period,
consist predominantly of the costs to purchase, install, and integrate
approved TWIC readers into their current physical access control
system. Recurring annual costs will be driven by costs associated with
canceled card list updates, opportunity costs associated with delays
and replacement of TWICs that cannot be read, and maintenance of the
affected entity's TWIC reader system. As reported in the NPRM
Regulatory Analysis, the total 10-year total industry and government
cost for the TWIC is $234.3 million undiscounted and $186.1 discounted
at 7 percent. We estimate the annualized cost of this rule to industry
to be $26.5 million at a 7 percent discount rate. The benefits of the
rulemaking include the enhancement of the security of vessel ports and
other facilities by ensuring that only individuals who hold valid TWICs
are granted unescorted access to secure areas at those locations.
 Risks: USCG used risk-based decision-making to develop this
rulemaking. Based on this analysis, the Coast Guard has proposed
requiring higher-risk vessels and facilities to meet the requirements
for electronic TWIC inspection, while continuing to allow lower-risk
vessels and facilities to use TWIC as a visual identification
credential.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/27/09 74 FR 13360
Notice of Public Meeting............ 04/15/09 74 FR 17444
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/26/09
Notice of Public Meeting Comment 05/26/09
 Period End.
NPRM................................ 03/22/13 78 FR 20558
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/10/13 78 FR 27335
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 06/20/13
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Docket ID USCG-2007-28915.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: LT Mason Wilcox, Project Manager, Department of
Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Commandant (CG-FAC-2), 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr Ave. SE., STOP 7501, Washington, DC 20593-7501, Phone:
202 372-1123, Email: mason.c.wilcox@uscg.mil
 Related RIN: Related to 1625-AB02
 RIN: 1625-AB21

DHS--U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION (USCBP)

Proposed Rule Stage

81. Amendments to Importer Security Filing and Additional Carrier
Requirements

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 109-347, sec 203; 5 U.S.C. 301; 19 U.S.C.
66; 19

[[Page 76547]]

U.S.C. 1431; 19 U.S.C. 1433; 19 U.S.C. 1434; 19 U.S.C. 1624; 19 U.S.C.
2071 (note); 46 U.S.C. 60105
 CFR Citation: 19 CFR 4.7c; 19 CFR 149.1
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Importer Security Filing (ISF) regulations require
carriers and importers to provide to CBP, via a CBP-approved electronic
data interchange system, information necessary to assist CBP in
identifying high-risk shipments to prevent smuggling and ensure cargo
safety and security. Importers and carriers must currently submit
specified information before the cargo is brought into the United
States by vessel in accordance with specified time frames. To increase
the accuracy and reliability of the advance information, this rule will
propose changes to the ISF regulations.
 Statement of Need: Since 2009 CBP has collected advance data
elements from importers and carriers carrying cargo to the United
States by vessel. CBP uses these data to target incoming cargo and
prevent dangerous or otherwise illegal cargo from arriving in the
United States. To increase the accuracy and reliability of this
information CBP intends to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking that
proposes some changes to the current importer security filing
regulations. This rule is needed to provide CBP with additional data
that are needed to conduct security screening and to ensure that the
party with the best access to the data is the party responsible for
providing this information to CBP.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CBP anticipates that this rule will
result in a cost to ISF importers to submit the additional data to CBP
and a security benefit resulting from improved targeting.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Craig Clark, Program Manager, Vessel Manifest &
Importer Security Filing, Office of Cargo and Conveyance Security,
Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection,
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229, Phone: 202 344-
3052, Email: craig.clark@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA70
 RIN: 1651-AA98

DHS--USCBP

82. Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is proposing to
amend the implementing regulations of the Trade Act of 2002 regarding
the submission of advance electronic information for air cargo and
other provisions to provide for the Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS)
program. ACAS would require the submission of certain advance
electronic information for air cargo. This will allow CBP to better
target and identify dangerous cargo and ensure that any risk associated
with such cargo is mitigated before the aircraft departs for the United
States. CBP, in conjunction with TSA, has been operating ACAS as a
voluntary pilot program since 2010 and would like to implement ACAS as
a regulatory program.
 Statement of Need: DHS has identified an elevated risk associated
with cargo being transported to the United States by air. This rule
will help address this risk by giving DHS the data it needs to improve
targeting of the cargo prior to takeoff.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs of this program to carriers
include one-time costs to upgrade systems to facilitate transmission of
these data to CBP and recurring per transmission costs. Benefits of the
program include improved security that will result from having these
data further in advance.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Regina Kang, Cargo and Conveyance Security, Office
of Field Operations, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2368, Email: regina.kang@cbp.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1651-AB04

DHS--USCBP

Final Rule Stage

83. Changes to the Visa Waiver Program to Implement the Electronic
System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1187.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 217.5.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 9, 2008, CBP issued an interim final rule which
implemented the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) for
aliens who travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program
(VWP) at air or sea ports of entry. Under the rule, VWP travelers must
provide certain biographical information to CBP electronically before
departing for the United States. This advance information allows CBP to
determine before their departure whether these travelers are eligible
to travel to the United States under the VWP and whether such travel
poses a security risk. The interim final rule also fulfilled the
requirements of section 711 of the Implementing recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). In addition to fulfilling a
statutory mandate, the rule served the two goals of promoting border
security and legitimate travel to the United States. By modernizing the
VWP, the ESTA increases national security and provides for greater
efficiencies in the screening of international travelers by allowing
for vetting of subjects of potential interest well before boarding,
thereby reducing traveler delays at the ports of entry. CBP requested
comments on all aspects of the interim final rule and plans to issue a
final rule after completion of the comment analysis.
 Statement of Need: The rule fulfills the requirements of section
711 of the 9/11 Act to develop and implement a fully automated
electronic travel

[[Page 76548]]

authorization system in advance of travel for VWP travelers. The
advance information allows CBP to determine before their departure
whether VWP travelers are eligible to travel to the United States and
to determine whether such travel poses a law enforcement or security
risk. In addition to fulfilling a statutory mandate, the rule serves
the twin goals of promoting border security and legitimate travel to
the United States. ESTA increases national security by allowing for
vetting of subjects of potential interest before they depart for the
United States. It promotes legitimate travel to the United States by
providing for greater efficiencies in the screening of travelers
thereby reducing traveler delays upon arrival at U.S. ports of entry.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ESTA program is based on congressional
authority provided under section 711 of the Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Pub. L. 110-53) and
section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 8 U.S.C.
1187.
 Alternatives: When developing the interim final rule, CBP
considered three alternatives to this rule: (1) The ESTA requirements
in the rule, but with a $1.50 fee per each travel authorization (more
costly) (2) The ESTA requirements in the rule, but with only the name
of the passenger and the admissibility questions on the I-94W form
(less burdensome) (3) The ESTA requirements in the rule, but only for
the countries entering the VWP after 2009 (no new requirements for VWP,
reduced burden for newly entering countries). CBP determined that the
rule provides the greatest level of enhanced security and efficiency at
an acceptable cost to traveling public and potentially affected air
carriers.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The purpose of ESTA is to allow DHS
and CBP to establish the eligibility of certain foreign travelers to
travel to the United States under the VWP, and whether the alien's
proposed travel to the United States poses a law enforcement or
security risk. Upon review of such information, DHS will determine
whether the alien is eligible to travel to the United States under the
VWP. Costs to Air & Sea Carriers: CBP estimated that 8 U.S.-based air
carriers and 11 sea carriers will be affected by the rule. An
additional 35 foreign-based air carriers and 5 sea carriers will be
affected. CBP concluded that costs to air and sea carriers to support
the requirements of the ESTA program could cost $137 million to $1.1
billion over the next 10 years depending on the level of effort
required to integrate their systems with ESTA, how many passengers they
need to assist in applying for travel authorizations, and the discount
rate applied to annual costs. Costs to Travelers: ESTA will present new
costs and burdens to travelers in VWP countries who were not previously
required to submit any information to the U.S. Government in advance of
travel to the United States. Travelers from Roadmap countries who
become VWP countries will also incur costs and burdens, though these
are much less than obtaining a nonimmigrant visa (category B1/B2),
which is currently required for short-term pleasure or business to
travel to the United States. CBP estimated that the total quantified
costs to travelers will range from $1.1 billion to $3.5 billion
depending on the number of travelers, the value of time, and the
discount rate. Annualized costs are estimated to range from $133
million to $366 million. Benefits: As set forth in section 711 of the
9/11 Act, it was the intent of Congress to modernize and strengthen the
security of the Visa Waiver Program under section 217 of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187) by simultaneously
enhancing program security requirements and extending visa-free travel
privileges to citizens and eligible nationals of eligible foreign
countries that are partners in the war on terrorism. By requiring
passenger data in advance of travel, CBP may be able to determine,
before the alien departs for the United States, the eligibility of
citizens and eligible nationals from VWP countries to travel to the
United States under the VWP, and whether such travel poses a law
enforcement or security risk. In addition to fulfilling a statutory
mandate, the rule serves the twin goals of promoting border security
and legitimate travel to the United States. By modernizing the VWP,
ESTA is intended to both increase national security and provide for
greater efficiencies in the screening of international travelers by
allowing for the screening of subjects of potential interest well
before boarding, thereby reducing traveler delays based on potentially
lengthy processes at U.S. ports of entry. CBP concluded that the total
benefits to travelers could total $1.1 billion to $3.3 billion over the
period of analysis. Annualized benefits could range from $134 million
to $345 million. In addition to these benefits to travelers, CBP and
the carriers should also experience the benefit of not having to
administer the I-94W except in limited situations. While CBP has not
conducted an analysis of the potential savings, it should accrue
benefits from not having to produce, ship, and store blank forms. CBP
should also be able to accrue savings related to data entry and
archiving. Carriers should realize some savings as well, though
carriers will still have to administer the Customs Declaration forms
for all passengers aboard the aircraft and vessel.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Action................ 06/09/08 73 FR 32440
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 08/08/08 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 08/08/08 .......................
 End.
Notice_Announcing Date Rule Becomes 11/13/08 73 FR 67354
 Mandatory.
Final Action........................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: http://www.cbp.gov/xp/cgov/travel/id_visa/esta/.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Suzanne Shepherd, Director, Electronic System for
Travel Authorization, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2073, Email: suzanne.m.shepherd@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA83
 RIN: 1651-AA72

DHS--USCBP

84. Implementation of the Guam-Cnmi Visa Waiver Program (Section 610
Review)

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-229, sec. 702.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 100.4; 8 CFR 212.1; 8 CFR 233.5; 8 CFR 235.5;
19 CFR 4.7b; 19 CFR 122.49a.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 4, 2008, Pub. L. 110-
229.
 Abstract: The IFR (or the final rule planned for the coming year)
rule amends Department of Homeland

[[Page 76549]]

Security (DHS) regulations to implement section 702 of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA). This law extends the immigration
laws of the United States to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana
Islands (CNMI) and provides for a joint visa waiver program for travel
to Guam and the CNMI. This rule implements section 702 of the CNRA by
amending the regulations to replace the current Guam Visa Waiver
Program with a new Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. The amended
regulations set forth the requirements for nonimmigrant visitors who
seek admission for business or pleasure and solely for entry into and
stay on Guam or the CNMI without a visa. This rule also establishes six
ports of entry in the CNMI for purposes of administering and enforcing
the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. Section 702 of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), subject to a transition period,
extends the immigration laws of the United States to the Commonwealth
of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) and provides for a visa waiver
program for travel to Guam and/or the CNMI. On January 16, 2009, the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Customs and Border Protection
(CBP), issued an interim final rule in the Federal Register replacing
the then-existing Guam Visa Waiver Program with the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program and setting forth the requirements for nonimmigrant
visitors seeking admission into Guam and/or the CNMI under the Guam-
CNMI Visa Waiver Program. As of November 28, 2009, the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program is operational. This program allows nonimmigrant
visitors from eligible countries to seek admission for business or
pleasure for entry into Guam and/or the CNMI without a visa for a
period of authorized stay not to exceed 45 days. This rulemaking would
finalize the January 2009 interim final rule.
 Statement of Need: Previously, aliens who were citizens of eligible
countries could apply for admission to Guam at a Guam port of entry as
nonimmigrant visitors for a period of 15 days or less, for business or
pleasure, without first obtaining a nonimmigrant visa, provided that
they are otherwise eligible for admission. Section 702(b) of the CNRA
supersedes the Guam visa waiver program by providing for a visa waiver
program for Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands
(Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program). Section 702(b) required DHS to
promulgate regulations within 180 days of enactment of the CNRA to
allow nonimmigrant visitors from eligible countries to apply for
admission into Guam and the CNMI, for business or pleasure, without a
visa, for a period of authorized stay of no longer than 45 days. Under
the interim final rule, a visitor seeking admission under the Guam-CNMI
Visa Waiver Program must be a national of an eligible country and must
meet the requirements enumerated in the current Guam visa waiver
program as well as additional requirements that bring the Guam-CNMI
Visa Waiver Program into soft alignment with the U.S. Visa Waiver
Program provided for in 8 CFR 217. The country eligibility requirements
take into account the intent of the CNRA and ensure that the
regulations meet current border security needs. The country eligibility
requirements are designed to: (1) ensure effective border control
procedures, (2) properly address national security and homeland
security concerns in extending U.S. immigration law to the CNMI, and
(3) maximize the CNMI's potential for future economic and business
growth. This interim rule also provided that visitors from the People's
Republic of China and Russia have provided a significant economic
benefit to the CNMI. However, nationals from those countries cannot, at
this time, seek admission under the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program due
to security concerns. Pursuant to section 702(a) of the CNRA, which
extends the immigration laws of the United States to the CNMI, this
rule also establishes six ports of entry in the CNMI to enable the
Secretary of Homeland Security (the Secretary) to administer and
enforce the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program is based
on congressional authority provided under 702(b) of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA).
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CBP is currently evaluating the
costs and benefits associated with finalizing the interim final rule.
The most significant change for admission to the CNMI as a result of
the rule was for visitors from those countries who are not included in
either the existing U.S. Visa Waiver Program or the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program established by the rule. These visitors must apply for
U.S. visas, which require in-person interviews at U.S. embassies or
consulates and higher fees than the CNMI assessed for its visitor entry
permits. These are losses associated with the reduced visits from
foreign travelers who no longer visited the CNMI upon implementation of
this rule. The anticipated benefits of the rule were enhanced security
that would result from the federalization of the immigration functions
in the CNMI.
 Risks: No risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 01/16/09 74 FR 2824
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 01/16/09 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 03/17/09 .......................
 End.
Technical Amendment; Change of 05/28/09 74 FR 25387
 Implementation Date.
Final Action........................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Paul Minton, CBP Officer (Program Manager),
Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection,
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229, Phone: 202 344-
2723, Email: paul.a.minton@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA81
 RIN: 1651-AA77

DHS--USCBP

85. Definition of Form I-94 To Include Electronic Format.

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1201; 8
U.S.C. 1301; 8 U.S.C. 1303 to 1305; 5 U.S.C. 301; Pub. L. 107-296, 116
stat 2135; 6 U.S.C. 1 et seq..
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 1.4; 8 CFR 264.1(b).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Form I-94 is issued to certain aliens upon arrival in
the United States or when changing status in the United States. The
Form I-94 is used to document arrival and departure and provides
evidence of the terms of admission or parole. CBP is transitioning to
an automated process whereby it will create a Form I-94 in an
electronic format based on passenger, passport, and visa information
currently obtained electronically from air and sea carriers and the
Department of State as well as through the inspection process. Prior to
this rule, the Form I-94 was

[[Page 76550]]

solely a paper form that was completed by the alien upon arrival. After
the implementation of the Advance Passenger Information System (APIS)
following 9/11, CBP began collecting information on aliens traveling by
air or sea to the United States electronically from carriers in advance
of arrival. For aliens arriving in the United States by air or sea, CBP
obtains almost all of the information contained on the paper Form I-94
electronically and in advance via APIS. The few fields on the Form I-94
that are not collected via APIS are either already collected by the
Department of State and transmitted to CBP or can be collected by the
CBP officer from the individual at the time of inspection. This means
that CBP no longer needs to collect Form I-94 information as a matter
of course directly from aliens traveling to the United States by air or
sea. At this time, the automated process will apply only to aliens
arriving at air and sea ports of entry.
 Statement of Need: This rule makes the necessary changes to the
regulations to enable CBP to transition to an automated process whereby
CBP will create an electronic Form I-94 based on the information in its
databases.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 103(a) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (INA) generally authorizes the Secretary of Homeland
Security to establish such regulations and prescribe such forms of
reports, entries, and other papers necessary to carry out his or her
authority to administer and enforce the immigration and nationality
laws and to guard the borders of the United States against illegal
entry of aliens.
 Alternatives: CBP considered two alternatives to this rule:
eliminating the paper Form I-94 in the air and sea environments
entirely and providing the paper Form I-94 to all travelers who are not
B-1/B-2 travelers. Eliminating the paper Form I-94 option for refugees,
applicants for asylum, parolees, and those travelers who request one
would not result in a significant cost savings to CBP and would harm
travelers who have an immediate need for an electronic Form I-94 or who
face obstacles to accessing their electronic Form I-94. A second
alternative to the rule is to provide a paper Form I-94 to any
travelers who are not B-1/B-2 travelers. Under this alternative,
travelers would receive and complete the paper Form I- 94 during their
inspection when they arrive in the United States. The electronic Form
I-94 would still be automatically created during the inspection, but
the CBP officer would need to verify that the information appearing on
the form matches the information in CBP's systems. In addition, CBP
would need to write the Form I-94 number on each paper Form I-94 so
that their paper form matches the electronic record. As noted in the
analysis, 25.1 percent of aliens are non-B-1/B-2 travelers. Filling out
and processing this many paper Forms I-94 at airports and seaports
would increase processing times considerably. At the same time, it
would only provide a small savings to the individual traveler.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: With the implementation of this
rule, CBP will no longer collect Form I-94 information as a matter of
course directly from aliens traveling to the United States by air or
sea. Instead, CBP will create an electronic Form I-94 for foreign
travelers based on the information in its databases. This rule makes
the necessary changes to the regulations to enable CBP to transition to
an automated process. Both CBP and aliens would bear costs as a result
of this rule. CBP would bear costs to link its data systems and to
build a Web site so aliens can access their electronic Forms I-94. CBP
estimates that the total cost for CBP to link data systems, develop a
secure Web site, and fully automate the Form I-94 fully will equal
about $1.3 million in calendar year 2012. CBP will incur costs of $0.09
million in subsequent years to operate and maintain these systems.
Aliens arriving as diplomats and students would bear costs when logging
into the Web site and printing electronic I-94s. The temporary workers
and aliens in the ''Other/Unknown'' category bear costs when logging
into the Web site, traveling to a location with public internet access,
and printing a paper copy of their electronic Form I-94. Using the
primary estimate for a traveler's value of time, aliens would bear
costs between $36.6 million and $46.4 million from 2013 to 2016. Total
costs for this rule for 2013 would range from $34.2 million to $40.1
million, with a primary estimate of costs equal to $36.7 million. CBP,
carriers, and foreign travelers would accrue benefits as a result of
this rule. CBP would save contract and printing costs of $15.6 million
per year of our analysis. Carriers would save a total of $1.3 million
in printing costs per year. All aliens would save the eight-minute time
burden for filling out the paper Form I-94 and certain aliens who lose
the Form I-94 would save the $330 fee and 25-minute time burden for
filling out the Form I-102. Using the primary estimate for a traveler's
value of time, aliens would obtain benefits between $112.6 million and
$141.6 million from 2013 to 2016. Total benefits for this rule for 2013
would range from $110.7 million to $155.6 million, with a primary
estimate of benefits equal to $129.5 million. Overall, this rule
results in substantial cost savings (benefits) for foreign travelers,
carriers, and CBP. CBP anticipates a net benefit in 2013 of between
$59.7 million and $98.7 million for foreign travelers, $1.3 million for
carriers, and $15.5 million for CBP. Net benefits to U.S. entities
(carriers and CBP) in 2013 total $16.8 million. CBP anticipates the
total net benefits to both domestic and foreign entities in 2013 range
from $76.5 million to $115.5 million. In our primary analysis, the
total net benefits are $92.8 million in 2013. For the primary estimate,
annualized net benefits range from $78.1 million to $80.0 million,
depending on the discount rate used. More information on costs and
benefits can be found in the interim final rule.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 03/27/13 78 FR 18457
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 04/26/13
 End.
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/26/13
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Suzanne Shepherd, Director, Electronic System for
Travel Authorization, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2073, Email: suzanne.m.shepherd@cbp.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1651-AA96


[[Page 76551]]

DHS--TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (TSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

86. Security Training for Surface Mode Employees

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 114; Pub. L. 110-53, secs 1408, 1517,
and 1534.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 1520; 49 CFR 1570; 49 CFR 1580; 49 CFR 1582
(new); 49 CFR 1584 (new).
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2007, Interim Rule
for public transportation agencies is due 90 days after date of
enactment.
 Final, Statutory, August 3, 2008, Rule for public transportation
agencies is due 1 year after date of enactment.
 Final, Statutory, February 3, 2008, Rule for railroads and over-
the-road buses are due 6 months after date of enactment.
 According to section 1408 of Public Law 110-53, Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Aug. 3, 2007; 121
Stat. 266), interim final regulations for public transportation
agencies are due 90 days after the date of enactment (Nov. 1, 2007),
and final regulations are due 1 year after the date of enactment of
this Act. According to section 1517 of the same Act, final regulations
for railroads and over-the-road buses are due no later than 6 months
after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to propose a new regulation to address the security of freight
railroads, public transportation, passenger railroads, and over-the-
road buses in accordance with the Implementing Recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). As required by the 9/11 Act,
the rulemaking will propose that certain railroads, public
transportation agencies, and over-the-road bus companies provide
security training to their frontline employees in the areas of security
awareness, operational security, and incident prevention and response.
The rulemaking will also propose extending security coordinator and
reporting security incident requirements applicable to rail operators
under current 49 CFR part 1580 to the non-rail transportation
components of covered public transportation agencies and over-the-road
buses. The regulation will take into consideration any current security
training requirements or best practices and will propose definitions
for transportation of security-sensitive materials, as required by the
9/11 Act.
 Statement of Need: Employee training is an important and effective
tool for averting or mitigating potential terrorist attacks by
terrorists or others with malicious intent who may target surface
transportation and plan or perpetrate actions that may cause
significant injuries, loss of life, or economic disruption.
 Summary of Legal Basis:, 49 U.S.C. 114; sections 1408, 1517, and
1534 of Public Law 110-53, Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11
Commission Act of 2007 (Aug. 3, 2007; 121 Stat. 266).
 Alternatives:, TSA is required by statute to publish regulations
requiring security training programs for these owner/operators. As part
of its notice of proposed rulemaking, TSA will seek public comment on
the alternative ways in which the final rule could carry out the
requirements of the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:, TSA is in the process of
determining the costs and benefits of this rulemaking.
 Risks:, The Department of Homeland Security aims to prevent
terrorist attacks within the United States and to reduce the
vulnerability of the United States to terrorism. By providing for
security training for personnel, TSA intends in this rulemaking to
reduce the risk of a terrorist attack on this transportation sector.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Local.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Chandru (Jack) Kalro, Deputy Director, Surface
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-1145, Fax:
571 227-2935, Email: jack.kalro@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 David Kasminoff, Senior Counsel, Regulations and Security Standards
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-3583, Fax: 571 227-1378,
Email: david.kasminoff@tsa.dhs.gov
 Related RIN:, Related to 1652-AA56, Merged with 1652-AA57, Merged
with 1652-AA59
 RIN: 1652-AA55

DHS--TSA

87. Standardized Vetting, Adjudication, and Redress Services

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 114, 5103A, 44903 and 44936; 46 U.S.C.
70105; 6 U.S.C. 469; Pub. L. 110-53, secs 1411, 1414, 1520, 1522 and
1602.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to propose new regulations to revise and standardize the procedures,
adjudication criteria, and fees for most of the security threat
assessments (STA) of individuals for which TSA is responsible. The
scope of the rulemaking will include transportation workers who are
required to undergo an STA, including surface, maritime, and aviation
workers. TSA will propose fees to cover the cost of all STAs. TSA plans
to improve efficiencies in processing STAs and streamline existing
regulations by simplifying language and removing redundancies. As part
of this proposed interim final rule (IFR), TSA will propose revisions
to the Alien Flight Student Program (AFSP) regulations. TSA published
an interim final rule for AFSP on September 20, 2004. TSA regulations
require aliens seeking to train at Federal Aviation Administration-
regulated flight schools to complete an application and undergo an STA
prior to beginning flight training. There are four categories under
which students currently fall; the nature of the STA depends on the
student's category. TSA is considering changes to the AFSP that would
improve the equity among fee payers and enable the implementation of
new technologies to support vetting.
 Statement of Need: TSA proposes to meet the requirements of 6
U.S.C. 469, which requires TSA to fund security threat assessment and
credentialing activities through user fees. The proposed rulemaking
should reduce reliance on appropriations for certain vetting services;
minimize redundant background checks; and increase transportation
security by enhancing identification and immigration verification
standards.

[[Page 76552]]

Summary of Legal Basis: 49 U.S.C. 114(f): Under the Aviation and
Transportation Security Act (ATSA) (Pub. L. 170-71, Nov. 19, 2001, 115
Stat. 597), TSA assumed responsibility to assess security in all modes
of transportation and minimize threats to national and transportation
security. TSA is required to vet certain aviation workers pursuant to
49 U.S.C. 44903 and 44936. TSA is required to vet individuals with
unescorted access to maritime facilities pursuant to the Maritime
Transportation Security Act (MTSA) (Pub. L. 107-295, sec. 102, Nov. 25,
2002, 116 Stat. 2064), codified at 46 U.S.C. 70105. Pursuant to the
Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act)
(Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 25, 2001, 115 Stat. 272), TSA vets individuals
seeking hazardous materials endorsements (HME) for commercial drivers
licensed by the States. In 6 U.S.C. 469, Congress directed TSA to fund
vetting and credentialing programs in the field of transportation
through user fees.
 Alternatives: TSA considered a number of viable alternatives to the
proposed regulation. These alternatives are discussed in detail in the
proposed rule and regulatory impact analysis.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: TSA is in the process determining
the costs and benefits of this proposed rulemaking.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under
Executive Order 13563.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Chang Ellison, Branch Manager, Program Initiatives
Branch, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, TSA-10, HQ E6, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6010, Phone: 571 227-3604,
Email: chang.ellison@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 John Vergelli, Senior Counsel, Regulations and Security Standards
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-4416, Fax: 571 227-1378,
Email: john.vergelli@tsa.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1652-AA35
 RIN: 1652-AA61

DHS--TSA

Final Rule Stage

88. Passenger Screening Using Advanced Imaging Technology

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 44925.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 1540.107.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to issue a final rule to address whether screening and inspection of an
individual, conducted to control access to the sterile area of an
airport or to an aircraft, may include the use of advanced imaging
technology (AIT). The notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) was
published on March 26, 2012, to comply with the decision rendered by
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) v. U.S. Department of
Homeland Security on July 15, 2011. 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011). The
Court directed TSA to conduct notice and comment rulemaking on the use
of AIT in the primary screening of passengers.
 Statement of Need: TSA is issuing this rulemaking to respond to the
decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit in EPIC v. DHS 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011).
 Summary of Legal Basis: In its decision in EPIC v. DHS 653 F.3d 1
(D.C. Cir. 2011), the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit found that TSA failed to justify its failure to conduct notice
and comment rulemaking and remanded to TSA for further proceedings.
 Alternatives: As alternatives to the preferred regulatory proposal
presented in the NPRM, TSA examined three other options. These
alternatives include a continuation of the screening environment prior
to 2008 (no action), increased use of physical pat-down searches that
supplements primary screening with walk through metal detectors
(WTMDs), and increased use of explosive trace detection (ETD) screening
that supplements primary screening with WTMDs. These alternatives, and
the reasons why TSA rejected them in favor of the proposed rule, are
discussed in detail in chapter 3 of the AIT NPRM regulatory evaluation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: TSA reports that the net cost of AIT
deployment from 2008-2011 has been $841.2 million (undiscounted) and
that TSA has borne over 99 percent of all costs related to AIT
deployment. TSA projects that from 2012-2015 net AIT related costs will
be approximately $1.5 billion (undiscounted), $1.4 billion at a three
percent discount rate, and $1.3 billion at a seven percent discount
rate. During 2012-2015, TSA estimates it will also incur over 98
percent of AIT-related costs with equipment and personnel costs being
the largest categories of expenditures. The operations described in
this rule produce benefits by reducing security risks through the
deployment of AIT that is capable of detecting both metallic and non-
metallic weapons and explosives. Terrorists continue to test security
measures in an attempt to find and exploit vulnerabilities. The threat
to aviation security has evolved to include the use of non-metallic
explosives. AIT is a proven technology based on laboratory testing and
field experience and is an essential component of TSA's security
screening because it provides the best opportunity to detect metallic
and nonmetallic anomalies concealed under clothing. More information
about costs and benefits can be found in the Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking.
 Risks: DHS aims to prevent terrorist attacks and to reduce the
vulnerability of the United States to terrorism. By screening
passengers with AIT, TSA will reduce the risk that a terrorist will
smuggle a non-metallic threat on board an aircraft.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/26/13 78 FR 18287
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/13 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.

[[Page 76553]]

Agency Contact: Chawanna Carrington, Project Manager, Passenger
Screening Program, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation
Security Administration, Office of Security Capabilities, 601 South
12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6016, Phone: 571 227-2958, Fax: 571
227-1931, Email: chawanna.carrington@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 Linda L. Kent, Asst. Chief Counsel for Regulations and Security
Standards, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-2675, Fax: 571 227-1381,
Email: linda.kent@tsa.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1652-AA67

DHS--U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT (USICE)

Final Rule Stage

89. Adjustments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment
and Study by F-2 and M-2 Nonimmigrants

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101 to 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C.
1184
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 214.2(f)(15); 8 CFR 214.3(a); 8 CFR 214.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will revise 8 CFR parts 214.2 and 214.3.
As proposed, it would provide additional flexibility to schools in
determining the number of designated school officials (DSOs) to
nominate for the oversight of the school's campuses where F-1 and M-1
nonimmigrant students are enrolled. Current regulation limits the
number of DSOs to 10 per school, or 10 per campus in a multi-campus
school. Second, as proposed, the rule would permit F-2 and M-2 spouses
and children accompanying academic and vocational nonimmigrant students
with F-1 or M-1 nonimmigrant status to enroll in study at an SEVP-
certified school so long as any study remains less than a full course
of study.
 Statement of Need: The rule would improve management of
international student programs and increase opportunities for study by
spouses and children of nonimmigrant students. The rule would grant
school officials more flexibility in determining the number of
designated school officials (DSOs) to nominate for the oversight of
campuses. The rule would also provide greater incentive for
international students to study in the United States by permitting
accompanying spouses and children of academic and vocational
nonimmigrant students with F-1 or M-1 nonimmigrant status to enroll in
less than a full course of study at an SEVP-certified school.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The anticipated costs of the rule
derive from the existing requirement for reporting to DHS additional
DSOs and any training that new DSOs would undertake. The primary
benefits of the NPRM are providing flexibility to schools in the number
of DSOs allowed and providing greater incentive for international
students to study in the United States by permitting accompanying
spouses and children of academic and vocational nonimmigrant students
in F-1 or M-1 status to enroll in study at an SEVP-certified school so
long as they are not engaged in a full course of study.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/21/13 78 FR 69778
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Katherine H. Westerlund, Acting Unit Chief, SEVP
Policy, Student and Exchange Visitor Program, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Potomac Center
North, 500 12th Street, SW., STOP 5600, Washington, DC 20536-5600,
Phone: 703 603-3414, Email: katherine.h.westerlund@ice.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Previously reported as 1615-AA19
 RIN: 1653-AA63
BILLING CODE 9110-9B-P

DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Regulatory Plan for the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, together with HUD's Fall
Semiannual Agenda of Regulations, highlights the most significant
regulatory initiatives that HUD seeks to complete during the upcoming
fiscal year. As described by Secretary Castro during his confirmation
hearings, HUD is a critical federal agency because it directly impacts
American families, from enforcing fair housing rights to revitalizing
distressed areas, from assisting veterans and finding permanent
housing, to helping communities rebuild after a natural disaster hits,
HUD impacts small towns, big cities, rural communities and tribal
communities across the country.\1\ Through its programs, HUD works to
strengthen the housing market and protect consumers; meet the need for
quality affordable rental homes; utilize housing as a platform for
improving quality of life; and build inclusive and sustainable
communities free from discrimination.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee
Confirmation Hearing on the Nomination of Julian Castro to be
Housing and Urban Development Secretary and Laura S. Wertheimer to
be the Federal Housing Finance Agency Inspector General, 113th Cong.
(June 17, 2014) (Statement of Juli[aacute]n Castro).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

As discussed in HUD's 2010-2015, Strategic Plan, a central feature
of HUD's mission is nurturing opportunities for job growth and business
expansion in American communities, particularly those that are
economically distressed. HUD's experience is that job growth and
business expansion are essential to creating viable communities that
provide residents opportunities that enhance their quality of life.
Economic development, however, must be tailored to the assets and needs
of the community in a way that maintains and enhances affordability and
local character. HUD utilizes several tools to achieve this goal,
including the providing tax incentives and Federal financial assistance
that assist communities to carry out a wide range of community
development activities directed toward neighborhood revitalization,
economic development, and improved community facilities and services.
Another tool that HUD has to support job growth and economic activity
is Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as
amended, which ensures that

[[Page 76554]]

employment and other economic opportunities generated by Federal
financial assistance for housing and community development programs
are, to the greatest extent feasible, directed toward low- and very
low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of government
assistance for housing.
 Consistent with its 2010-2015 Strategic Plan, HUD's Regulatory Plan
for FY2015 focuses on strengthening, through regulation, Section 3 to
update and better align it with the statutory changes to HUD's housing
and community development programs since HUD issued the regulation in
1994. This effort will also provide recipients of HUD financial
assistance more discretion when carrying out their Section 3
responsibilities while simultaneously increasing their accountability
to HUD and the communities that they serve.

Priority: Enhancing Economic Development and Job Creation Through
Section 3

The purpose of Section 3 is to ensure that the employment and other
economic opportunities generated by Federal financial assistance, to
the greatest extent feasible, be directed to low-and very low-income
persons, particularly those who are recipients of government assistance
for housing. In this regard, the statute recognizes that the employment
and other economic opportunities generated by projects and activities
that receive Federal housing and community development assistance offer
an effective means of empowering low- and very low-income persons and
to business concerns that provide economic opportunities to these
persons. Notwithstanding, HUD's Section 3 regulations have not been
updated since 1994. In the 20 years that have passed since HUD
promulgated its Section 3 regulations, significant legislation has been
enacted that affects HUD programs that are subject Section 3. These
legislative changes are not adequately addressed by HUD's current
Section 3 regulations.
 In addition, recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties have expressed, in HUD's organized listening sessions, that the
existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit about specific
actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance; that the
existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to which
recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors
to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients may take to
impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their subrecipients,
contractors, and subcontractors. Finally, HUD's Office of Inspector
General (OIG) conducted an audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of
Section 3 in response to concerns about economic opportunities that
were provided (or should have been provided) as a result of the
expenditure of financial assistance under the American Reinvestment and
Recovery Act (Recovery Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17,
2009).
 As a result, HUD proposes to update and clarify its Section 3
regulations to better fulfill the purpose of Section 3 and maximize the
employment and contracting opportunities available to the low and very
low-income residents of communities enjoying the benefit of Federal
financial assistance in support of economic development and to business
concerns that provide economic opportunities to these persons.
Regulatory Action: Creating Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very
Low-Income Persons and Eligible Businesses Through Strengthened
``Section 3'' Requirements
 Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as
amended by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992,
contributes to the establishment of stronger, more sustainable
communities by ensuring that employment and other economic
opportunities generated by Federal financial assistance for housing and
community development programs are, to the greatest extent feasible,
directed toward low- and very low-income persons, particularly those
who are recipients of government assistance for housing and to business
concerns that provide economic opportunities to these persons. HUD is
statutorily charged with the authority and responsibility to implement
and enforce Section 3. HUD's regulations implementing the requirements
of Section 3 have not been updated since 1994. This proposed rule would
update HUD's Section 3 regulations to address new programs established
since 1994 that are subject to the Section 3 requirements, and revise
the regulations to both better promote compliance with the requirements
of Section 3 by recipients of Section 3 covered financial assistance,
while also recognizing barriers to compliance that may exist, and
overall strengthening HUD's oversight of Section 3.

Aggregate Costs and Benefits

Executive Order 12866, as amended, requires the agency to provide
its best estimate of the combined aggregate costs and benefits of all
regulations included in the agency's Regulatory Plan that will be made
effective in calendar year 2015. HUD expects that the neither the total
economic costs nor the total efficiency gains will exceed $100 million.

Priority Regulations in HUD's FY 2015 Regulatory Plan

HUD--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Proposed Rule Stage

Creating Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very Low-Income Persons
and Eligible Businesses Through Strengthened ``Section 3'' Requirements
 Priority: Significant.
 Legal Authority: 12 U.S.C. 1701u; 42 U.S.C. 1450; 42 U.S.C. 3301;
42 U.S.C. 3535(d).
 CFR Citation: 24 CFR 135.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise HUD's regulations found
at 24 CFR part 135, which ensure that employment, training, and
contracting opportunities generated by certain HUD financial assistance
shall, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing
Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, be directed to low- and
very low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of
Government assistance for housing and to business concerns that provide
economic opportunities to these persons. Part 135 was last revised to
incorporate the statutory amendments of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992. This proposed rule would update part 135 to:
(1) Reflect certain changes in the design and implementation of HUD
programs that are subject to the section 3 regulations; (2) clarify the
obligations of covered recipient agencies; and (3) simplify the
Department's section 3 complaint processing procedures.
 Statement of Need: Section 3 requirements have been governed by an
interim regulation since 1994 and the Department is obligated to
promulgate final regulations. Equally important, HUD programs subject
to Section 3 have undergone significant legislative change. This
includes, reforms made to HUD's Indian housing programs by the Native
American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996
(NAHASDA) (Public Law 104-330, approved October 26, 1996); public
housing reforms made by the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act
of 1998 (QHWRA) (Public Law 105-276,

[[Page 76555]]

approved by October 21, 1998); reforms made to HUD's supportive housing
programs by the Section 202 Supportive Housing for the Elderly Act of
2010 (Public Law 111-372, approved January 4, 2011), and the Frank
Melville Supportive Housing Investment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-347,
approved January 4, 2011); and more recently reforms made to HUD's
public housing by the Rental Assistance Demonstration program
authorized by the act appropriating 2012 funding for HUD, the
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public
Law 112-55, approved November 18, 2011). HUD proposes to clarify and
strengthen its Section 3 regulations to incorporate new programs
established since 1994 that are subject to Section 3 requirements,
revise the existing regulation to enhance compliance by recipients of
covered HUD assistance, and mitigate barriers to achieving compliance.
 In August 2010, HUD hosted a Section 3 Listening Forum \2\ that
brought together recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties to highlight best practices and to discuss barriers to
implementation across the country. The forum offered recipients of
Section 3 covered financial assistance the opportunity to identify
challenges they were facing in complying with Section 3. Participants
stated that the existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit
about specific actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance;
that the existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to
which recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and
subcontractors to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients
may take to impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their
subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\
https://nhlp.org/files/09%20Section%203%20Barriers%20and%20best%20practices%208%
2024%2010%20Final%20with%20attachment.pdf
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, HUD's Office of Inspector General (OIG) conducted an
audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of Section 3 in response to
concerns about economic opportunities that were provided (or should
have been provided) as a result of the expenditure of financial
assistance under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act (Recovery
Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17, 2009). HUD's OIG
concluded that HUD did not enforce the reporting requirements of
Section 3 for recipients of FY 2009 Recovery Act Public Housing Capital
funds from HUD.\3\ HUD's OIG made several recommendations to address
its findings including developing procedures to take administrative
measures against recipients that fail to comply with Section 3
requirements and publishing a Section 3 final rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ See:
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alternatives: Efforts have been made to improve HUD's Section 3
efforts independent of regulatory change, by increased reporting
compliance, use of Notices of Financial Assistance (NOFA) competitions
for Section 3 coordinators, and a business registry. These initiatives
have been helpful, but as HUD's Office of Inspector General \4\ noted,
regulatory change is important and necessary to clarify areas of
confusion without subjecting recipients who operated in good faith to
legal problems.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The proposed rule will enhance
employment opportunities for Section 3 residents and contracting
opportunities for Section 3 businesses. In doing so, the proposed rule
imposes additional recordkeeping, verification, procurement,
monitoring, and complaint processing requirements on covered
recipients. Additional administrative work will be one of the outcomes
of an invigorated effort to provide economic opportunities to the
greatest extent feasible. HUD has estimated that total reporting and
record keeping burden would be $6.5 million the first year the rule
goes into effect and $2.2 million annually in succeeding years.
 Section 3 does not create additional jobs. Instead, a more rigorous
targeting of economic opportunity will direct (transfer) positions and
contracts to those eligible under Section 3. A reasonable estimate of
the impact would be protection for an additional 1,400 Section 3 jobs
annually from increased oversight and clarification of program
standards. Finally, as tenant incomes rise, the federal rental subsidy
for those tenants would decline. Such an effect would constitute a
transfer from tenants to the U.S. government and could be as large as
$19 million annually.
 This rule will not have any impact on the level of funding for the
impacted programs. Funding is determined independently by congressional
appropriations. It will, however, affect the allocation of resources.
 Risks: This rule poses no risk to public health, safety, or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR CITE
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM.................................... 12/00/ ...................
 2014
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 # Federalism Affected: No.
 # Energy Affected: No.
 International Impacts: No.
 Agency Contact:Agency Contact: Sara K. Pratt, Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Enforcement and Programs, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20410, Phone: 202 402-
6978.
 RIN: 2529-AA91

HUD--Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity (FHEO)

Proposed Rule Stage

90. Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very Low-Income Persons (FR-
4893)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 12 U.S.C. 1701u; 42 U.S.C. 1450; 42 U.S.C. 3301;
42 U.S.C. 3535(d)
 CFR Citation: 24 CFR 135.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise HUD's regulations found
at 24 CFR part 135, which ensure that employment, training, and
contracting opportunities generated by certain HUD financial assistance
shall, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing
Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, be directed to low- and
very low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of
Government assistance for housing and to business concerns that provide
economic opportunities to these persons. Part 135 was last revised to
incorporate the statutory amendments of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992. This proposed rule would update part 135 to:
(1) Reflect certain changes in the design and implementation of HUD
programs that are subject to the section 3 regulations; (2) clarify the
obligations of covered recipient agencies; and (3) simplify the
Department's section 3 complaint processing procedures.
 Statement of Need: Section 3 requirements have been governed by an

[[Page 76556]]

interim regulation since 1994 and the Department is obligated to
promulgate final regulations. Equally important, HUD programs subject
to Section 3 have undergone significant legislative change. This
includes, reforms made to HUD's Indian housing programs by the Native
American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996
(NAHASDA) (Public Law 104-330, approved October 26, 1996); public
housing reforms made by the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act
of 1998 (QHWRA) (Public Law 105-276, approved by October 21, 1998);
reforms made to HUD's supportive housing programs by the Section 202
Supportive Housing for the Elderly Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-372,
approved January 4, 2011), and the Frank Melville Supportive Housing
Investment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-347, approved January 4, 2011);
and more recently reforms made to HUD's public housing by the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program authorized by the act appropriating
2012 funding for HUD, the Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112-55, approved November 18,
2011). HUD proposes to clarify and strengthen its Section 3 regulations
to incorporate new programs established since 1994 that are subject to
Section 3 requirements, revise the existing regulation to enhance
compliance by recipients of covered HUD assistance, and mitigate
barriers to achieving compliance.
 In August 2010, HUD hosted a Section 3 Listening Forum \5\ that
brought together recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties to highlight best practices and to discuss barriers to
implementation across the country. The forum offered recipients of
Section 3 covered financial assistance the opportunity to identify
challenges they were facing in complying with Section 3. Participants
stated that the existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit
about specific actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance;
that the existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to
which recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and
subcontractors to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients
may take to impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their
subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\
https://nhlp.org/files/09%20Section%203%20Barriers%20and%20best%20practices%208%
2024%2010%20Final%20with%20attachment.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, HUD's Office of Inspector General (OIG) conducted an
audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of Section 3 in response to
concerns about economic opportunities that were provided (or should
have been provided) as a result of the expenditure of financial
assistance under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act (Recovery
Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17, 2009). HUD's OIG
concluded that HUD did not enforce the reporting requirements of
Section 3 for recipients of FY 2009 Recovery Act Public Housing Capital
funds from HUD \6\. HUD's OIG made several recommendations to address
its findings including developing procedures to take administrative
measures against recipients that fail to comply with Section 3
requirements and publishing a Section 3 final rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ See:
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary of Legal Basis: Section 3 was enacted as a part of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (Public Law 90-448, approved
August 1, 1968) to bring economic opportunities, generated by the
expenditure of certain HUD financial assistance, to the greatest extent
feasible, to low- and very low-income persons residing in communities
where the financial assistance is expended. Section 3 recognizes that
HUD funds are often one of the largest sources of funds expended in
low-income communities and, where such funds are spent on activities
such as construction and rehabilitation of housing and other public
facilities, the expenditure results in new jobs and other
opportunities. By directing new economic opportunities to residents and
businesses in the community in which the funds are expended, the
expenditure can have the double benefit of creating new or
rehabilitated housing or other facilities in such communities while
also creating jobs for the residents of these communities. Section 3
was amended by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992
(Public Law 102-550, approved October 28, 1992), which required the
Secretary of HUD to promulgate regulations to implement Section 3,
codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701u. HUD's Section 3 regulations were
promulgated through an interim rule published on June 30, 1994, at 59
FR 33880, and are codified in 24 CFR part 135. This proposed rule would
update HUD's Section 3 regulations to address new programs established
since 1994 that are subject to the Section 3 requirements, and revise
the regulations to both better promote compliance with the requirements
of Section 3 by recipients of Section 3 covered financial assistance,
while also recognizing barriers to compliance that may exist, and
overall strengthening HUD's oversight of Section 3.
 Alternatives: Efforts have been made to improve HUD's Section 3
efforts independent of regulatory change, by increased reporting
compliance, use of Notices of Financial Assistance (NOFA) competitions
for Section 3 coordinators, and a business registry. These initiatives
have been helpful, but as HUD's Office of Inspector General \7\ noted,
regulatory change is important and necessary to clarify areas of
confusion without subjecting recipients who operated in good faith to
legal problems.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\7\
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule will enhance
employment opportunities for Section 3 residents and contracting
opportunities for Section 3 businesses. In doing so, the proposed rule
imposes additional recordkeeping, verification, procurement,
monitoring, and complaint processing requirements on covered
recipients. Additional administrative work will be one of the outcomes
of an invigorated effort to provide economic opportunities to the
greatest extent feasible. HUD has estimated that total reporting and
record keeping burden would be $6.5 million the first year the rule
goes into effect and $2.2 million annually in succeeding years.
 Section 3 does not create additional jobs. Instead, a more rigorous
targeting of economic opportunity will direct (transfer) positions and
contracts to those eligible under Section 3. A reasonable estimate of
the impact would be protections for an additional 1,400 Section 3 jobs
annually from increased oversight and clarification of program
standards. Finally, as tenant incomes rise, the federal rental subsidy
for those tenants would decline. Such an effect would constitute a
transfer from tenants to the U.S. government and could be as large as
$19 million annually.
 This rule will not have any impact on the level of funding for the
impacted programs. Funding is determined independently by congressional
appropriations. It will, however, affect the allocation of resources.
 Risks: This rule poses no risk to public health, safety, or the
environment.

[[Page 76557]]

Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sara K. Pratt, Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Enforcement and Programs, Department of Housing and Urban Development,
451 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20410, Phone: 202 402-6978.
 RIN: 2529-AA91
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR (DOI)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of the Interior (DOI) is the principal Federal
steward of our Nation's public lands and resources, including many of
our cultural treasures. DOI serves as trustee to Native Americans and
Alaska native trust assets and is responsible for relations with the
island territories under United States jurisdiction. The Department
manages more than 500 million acres of Federal lands, including 401
park units, 560 wildlife refuges, and approximately 1.7 billion
submerged offshore acres. These areas include natural resources that
are essential for America's industry--oil and gas, coal, and minerals
such as gold and uranium. On public lands and the Outer Continental
Shelf, Interior provides access for renewable and conventional energy
development and manages the protection and restoration of surface-mined
lands.
 The Department protects and recovers endangered species; protects
natural, historic, and cultural resources; manages water projects that
are a lifeline and economic engine for many communities in the West;
manages forests and fights wildfires; manages Federal energy resources;
regulates surface coal mining operations; reclaims abandoned coal
mines; educates children in Indian schools; and provides recreational
opportunities for over 400 million visitors annually in the Nation's
national parks, public lands, national wildlife refuges, and recreation
areas.
 DOI will continue to review and update its regulations and policies
to ensure that they are effective and efficient, and that they promote
accountability and sustainability. DOI will emphasize regulations and
policies that:
 Promote environmentally responsible, safe, and balanced
development of renewable and conventional energy on our public lands
and the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS);
 Use the best available science to ensure that public
resources are protected, conserved, and used wisely;
 Preserve America's natural treasures for future
generations;
 Improve the nation-to-nation relationship with American
Indian tribes and promote tribal self-determination and self-
governance;
 Promote partnerships with States, tribes, local
governments, other groups, and individuals to achieve common goals; and
 Promote transparency, fairness, accountability, and the
highest ethical standards while maintaining performance goals.

Major Regulatory Areas

The Department's bureaus implement congressionally mandated
programs through their regulations. Some of these regulatory programs
include:
 Developing onshore and offshore energy, including
renewable, mineral, oil and gas, and other energy resources;
 Regulating surface coal mining and reclamation operations
on public and private lands;
 Managing migratory birds and preserving marine mammals and
endangered species;
 Managing dedicated lands, such as national parks, wildlife
refuges, National Landscape Conservation System lands, and American
Indian trust lands;
 Managing public lands open to multiple use;
 Managing revenues from American Indian and Federal
minerals;
 Fulfilling trust and other responsibilities pertaining to
American Indians and Alaska Natives;
 Managing natural resource damage assessments; and
 Managing assistance programs.

Regulatory Policy

DOI's regulatory programs seek to operate programs transparently,
efficiently, and cooperatively while maximizing protection of our land,
resources, and environment in a fiscally responsible way by:
 (1) Protecting Natural, Cultural, and Heritage Resources.
 The Department's mission includes protecting and providing access
to our Nation's natural and cultural heritage and honoring our trust
responsibilities to tribes. We are committed to this mission and to
applying laws and regulations fairly and effectively. Our priorities
include protecting public health and safety, restoring and maintaining
public lands, protecting threatened and endangered species,
ameliorating land- and resource-management problems on public lands,
and ensuring accountability and compliance with Federal laws and
regulations.
 (2) Sustainably Using Energy, Water, and Natural Resources.
 Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the Department has
focused on renewable energy issues and has established priorities for
environmentally responsible development of renewable energy on public
lands and the OCS. Industry has responded by investing in the
development of wind farms off the Atlantic seacoast and solar, wind,
and geothermal energy facilities throughout the West. Power generation
from these new energy sources produces virtually no greenhouse gases
and, when done in an environmentally responsible manner, harnesses with
minimum impact abundant renewable energy. The Department will continue
its intra- and inter-departmental efforts to move forward with the
environmentally responsible review and permitting of renewable energy
projects on public lands, and will identify how its regulatory
processes can be improved to facilitate the responsible development of
these resources.
 In implementing these priorities through its regulations, the
Department will create jobs and contribute to a healthy economy while
protecting our signature landscapes, natural resources, wildlife, and
cultural resources.
 (3) Empowering People and Communities.
 The Department strongly encourages public participation in the
regulatory process and will continue to actively engage the public in
the implementation of priority initiatives. Throughout the Department,
individual bureaus and offices are ensuring that the American people
have an active role in managing our Nation's public lands and
resources.
 For example, every year FWS establishes migratory bird hunting
seasons in partnership with flyway councils composed of State fish and
wildlife agencies. FWS also holds a series of public meetings to give
other interested parties, including hunters and other groups,
opportunities to participate in establishing the upcoming season's
regulations. Similarly, BLM uses Resource Advisory Councils to advise
on management of public lands and resources. These citizen-based groups
allow individuals from all

[[Page 76558]]

backgrounds and interests to have a voice in management of public
lands.

Retrospective Review of Regulations

President Obama's Executive Order 13563 directs agencies to make
the regulatory system work better for the American public. Regulations
should ``. . . protect public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' DOI's plan for retrospective
regulatory review identifies specific efforts to relieve regulatory
burdens, add jobs to the economy, and make regulations work better for
the American public while protecting our environment and resources. The
DOI plan seeks to strengthen and maintain a culture of retrospective
review by consolidating all regulatory review requirements into DOI's
annual regulatory plan.
 The Department routinely meets with stakeholders to solicit
feedback and gather input on how to incorporate performance based
standards. DOI has received helpful public input through this process
and will continue to participate in this effort with relevant
interagency partners as part of its retrospective regulatory review.
 Under section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following Regulation
Identifier Numbers (RINs) were identified as associated with
retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan, which can be viewed at
http://www.doi.gov/open/regsreview.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Reduces burdens on small
 Bureau Title & RIN Description business?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Office of Natural Resources Oil and Gas Royalty DOI is exploring a Yes.
 Revenue. Valuation. simplified market-based
 1012-AA13.......... approach to arrive at
 the value of oil and
 gas for royalty
 purposes that could
 dramatically reduce
 accounting and
 paperwork requirements
 and costs on industry
 and better ensure
 proper royalty
 valuation by creating a
 more transparent
 royalty calculation
 method.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ ESA Section 7 Court decisions over the No.
 Consultation last decade have
 Process; prompted us, along with
 Incidental Take the National Marine
 Statements. Fisheries Service
 1018-AX85.......... (NOAA, Commerce), to
 consider clarifying our
 regulations concerning
 incidental take
 statements during
 section 7 consultation
 under the Endangered
 Species Act. A proposed
 rule published on
 September 4, 2013. The
 proposed changes
 address use of
 surrogates to express
 the limit of exempted
 take and how to
 determine when deferral
 of an incidental take
 exemption is
 appropriate. This is a
 joint rulemaking with
 NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ Regulations The proposed rule would No.
 Governing revise requirements for
 Designation of designating critical
 Critical Habitat habitat under the
 Under Section 4 of Endangered Species Act.
 the ESA. The proposed revisions
 1018-AX86.......... would make minor edits
 to the scope and
 purpose, add and remove
 some definitions, and
 clarify the criteria
 for designating
 critical habitat. A
 number of factors,
 including litigation
 and experience in
 interpreting and
 applying the statutory
 definition of critical
 habitat, have
 highlighted the need to
 clarify or revise the
 current regulations.
 This is a joint
 rulemaking with NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ Policy Regarding This draft policy would No.
 Implementation of explain how we consider
 Section 4(b)(2) of partnerships and
 the Endangered conservation plans;
 Species Act. habitat conservation
 1018-AX87.......... plans; and tribal,
 military, and Federal
 lands in the exclusion
 process. This draft
 policy is meant to
 complement our proposed
 regulatory amendments
 regarding exclusions
 from critical habitat
 and to clarify
 expectations regarding
 critical habitat. The
 policy would provide a
 credible, predictable,
 and simplified critical-
 habitat-exclusion
 process and foster
 clarity and consistency
 in designation of
 critical habitat. We
 will seek public review
 and comment on the
 proposed policy. This
 is a joint policy with
 NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ ESA Section 7 The proposed rule would No.
 Consultation amend the existing
 Regulations; regulations governing
 Definition of section 7 consultation
 ``Destruction or under the Endangered
 Adverse Species Act to revise
 Modification'' of the definition of
 Critical Habitat. ``destruction or
 1018-AX88.......... adverse modification''
 of critical habitat.
 The current regulatory
 definition has been
 invalidated by the
 courts for being
 inconsistent with the
 language of the
 Endangered Species Act.
 The revised definition
 will provide the
 Services and Federal
 agencies with greater
 clarity in how to
 ensure that any action
 they authorize, fund,
 or carry out is not
 likely to result in the
 destruction or adverse
 modification of
 critical habitat,
 consistent with section
 7(a)(2) of the ESA.
 This is a joint
 rulemaking with NOAA.

[[Page 76559]]


Bureau of Indian Affairs......... Procedures for The Department is No.
 Establishing that examining its
 an Indian Group regulations governing
 Exists as an the process and
 Indian Tribe. criteria by which
 1076-AF18.......... Indian groups are
 federally acknowledged
 as Indian tribes to
 determine how
 regulatory changes
 could increase
 transparency,
 timeliness, efficiency,
 and flexibility, while
 maintaining the
 integrity of the
 acknowledgment process.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

DOI bureaus work to make our regulations easier to comply with and
understand. Our regulatory process ensures that bureaus share ideas on
how to reduce regulatory burdens while meeting the requirements of the
laws they enforce and improving their stewardship of the environment
and resources. Results include:
 Effective stewardship of our Nation's resources in a way
that is responsive to the needs of small businesses;
 Increased benefits per dollar spent by careful evaluation
of the economic effects of planned rules; and
 Improved compliance and transparency by use of plain
language in our regulations and guidance documents.

Bureaus and Offices Within DOI

The following sections give an overview of some of the major
regulatory priorities of DOI bureaus and offices.
Bureau of Indian Affairs
 The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) provides services to
approximately 1.9 million Indians and Alaska Natives, and maintains a
government-to-government relationship with the 566 federally recognized
Indian tribes. The Bureau also administers and manages 55 million acres
of surface land and 57 million acres of subsurface minerals held in
trust by the United States for Indians and Indian tribes. BIA's mission
is to enhance the quality of life, promote economic opportunity, and
protect and improve the trust assets of American Indians, Indian
tribes, and Alaska Natives, as well as to provide quality education
opportunities to students in Indian schools.
 In the coming year, BIA will continue its focus on improved
management of trust responsibilities with each regulatory review and
revision. The Bureau will also continue to promote economic development
in Indian communities by ensuring the regulations support, rather than
hinder, productive land management.
 In addition, BIA will focus on updating Indian education
regulations and on other regulatory changes to increase transparency in
support of the President's Open Government Initiative.
 In the coming year, BIA's regulatory priorities are to:
 Develop regulations to meet the Indian trust reform goals
for rights-of-ways across Indian land.
 Develop regulatory changes necessary for improved Indian
education.
 BIA is reviewing regulations that require the Bureau of Indian
Education to follow 23 different State adequate yearly progress
standards; the review will determine whether a uniform standard would
better meet the needs of students at Bureau-funded schools. With regard
to undergraduate education, the Bureau of Indian Education is reviewing
regulations that address grants to tribally controlled community
colleges and other Indian education regulations. These reviews will
identify provisions that need to be updated to comply with applicable
statutes and ensure that the proper regulatory framework is in place to
support students in Bureau-funded schools.
 Develop regulatory changes to reform the process for
Federal acknowledgment of Indian tribes.
 Over the years, BIA has received significant comments from American
Indian groups and members of Congress on the Federal acknowledgment
process. Most of these comments criticize the current process as
cumbersome, overly restrictive, and lacking transparency. BIA is
reviewing the Federal acknowledgment regulations to determine how
regulatory changes may streamline the acknowledgment process and
clarify criteria by which an Indian group is examined.
 Revise regulations to reflect updated statutory provisions
and increase transparency.
 BIA is making a concentrated effort to improve the readability and
precision of its regulations. Because trust beneficiaries often turn to
the regulations for guidance on how a given BIA process works, BIA is
ensuring that each revised regulation is written as clearly as possible
and accurately reflects the current organization of the Bureau. The
Bureau is also simplifying language and eliminating obsolete
provisions. In the coming year, the Bureau also plans to revise
regulations regarding rights-of-way (25 CFR 169); Indian Reservation
Roads (25 CFR 170); and certain regulations specific to the Osage
Nation.
Bureau of Land Management
 BLM manages the 245-million-acre National System of Public Lands,
located primarily in the western States, including Alaska, and the 700-
million-acre subsurface mineral estate located throughout the Nation.
In doing so, BLM manages such varied uses as energy and mineral
development, outdoor recreation, livestock grazing, and forestry and
woodlands products. BLM's complex multiple-use mission affects the
lives of millions of Americans, including those who live near and visit
the public lands, as well as those who benefit from the commodities,
such as minerals, energy, or timber, produced from the lands' rich
resources. In undertaking its management responsibilities, BLM seeks to
conserve our public lands' natural and cultural resources and sustain
the health and productivity of the public lands for the use and
enjoyment of present and future generations. In the coming year, BLM's
highest regulatory priorities include:
 Revising outdated hydraulic fracturing regulations.
 BLM's existing regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing were
promulgated over 20 years ago and do not reflect modern technology. In
seeking to modernize its requirements and ensure the protection of our
Nation's public lands, BLM will finalize a rule that will disclose to
the public chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing on public land and
Indian land, strengthen regulations related to well-bore integrity, and
address issues related to recovered fluids.
 Creating a competitive process for offering lands for
solar and wind energy development.
 BLM recently published a proposed rule that would establish an
efficient competitive process for leasing public lands for solar and
wind energy development. The amended regulations would establish
competitive bidding procedures for lands within designated

[[Page 76560]]

solar and wind energy development leasing areas, define qualifications
for potential bidders, and structure the financial arrangements
necessary for the process. The rule would enhance BLM's ability to
capture fair market value for the use of public lands, ensure fair
access to leasing opportunities for renewable energy development, and
foster the growth and development of the renewable energy sector of the
economy.
 Preventing waste of produced gas and ensuring fair return
to the taxpayer.
 BLM's current requirements regarding venting and flaring from oil
and gas operations are over three decades old. The agency is currently
preparing a proposed rule to address emissions reductions and minimize
waste through improved standards for venting, flaring, and fugitive
losses of methane from oil and gas production facilities on Federal and
Indian lands.
 Seeking public input on managing waste mine methane.
 BLM issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPRM)
requesting information from the public that might assist the bureau in
the establishment of a program to capture, use, or destroy waste mine
methane from Federal coal leases and Federal leases for other solid
minerals. The BLM is currently reviewing the information received
through that process to identify potential appropriate regulatory
approaches to reduce the waste of methane from mining operations on
public lands.
 Ensuring a fair return to the American taxpayer for oil
shale development.
 BLM is preparing a final rule that would ensure responsible
development of federal oil shale resources and evaluate necessary
safeguards to protect scarce water resources and important wildlife
habitat while ensuring a fair royalty to the American people.
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM)
 The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) promotes energy
independence, environmental protection, and economic development
through responsible, science-based management of offshore conventional
and renewable energy resources. It is dedicated to fostering the
development of both conventional and renewable energy and mineral
resources on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) in an efficient and
effective manner, balancing the need for economic growth with the
protection of the environment. BOEM thoughtfully considers and balances
the potential environmental impacts involved in exploring and
extracting these resources. BOEM's near-term regulatory agenda will
focus on a number of issues, including:
 Expanding renewable energy resources.
 As part of President Obama's comprehensive plan to expand domestic
clean energy sources, BOEM has held multiple offshore renewable energy
lease sales along the Atlantic coast. These lease sales are the result
of years of collaboration, data gathering and analysis, and outreach
and have resulted in the identification of areas that are rich with
potential wind resources but also minimize conflicts with other
important OCS uses. . Based on the experiences to date in the offshore
renewable energy program, BOEM is evaluating lessons learned and
identifying opportunities for improvement in the program. As a part of
this effort, BOEM is conducting a comprehensive review of our renewable
energy regulations and highlighting areas for potential revision. For
example, the Bureau recently completed a rulemaking to provide
additional time for renewable energy developers to submit certain
plans, after BOEM determined that the previous timelines for submission
were proving to be unreasonable. This change provides an appropriate
balance between ensuring diligent progress on our renewable energy
leases and accounting for the needs of the renewable energy development
community.
 Two proposed rulemakings address recommendations submitted to BOEM
by the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies and its
stakeholders. Specifically, these include recommendations to: develop
and incorporate state of the art wind turbine design standards and to
clarify the role of Certified Verification Agents as part of the
process of designing, fabricating, and installing offshore wind energy
facilities for the OCS.
 Promoting safe drilling activities on the Arctic Outer
Continental Shelf
 BOEM, jointly with the Bureau of Safety and Environmental
Enforcement (BSEE), is developing proposed rules to promote safe,
responsible, and effective drilling activities on the Alaska Outer
Continental Shelf, while also ensuring the protection of Alaska's
coastal communities and the marine environment.
 Protecting the Environment.
 In a continuing effort to ensure that the effects of any future
potential oil spills can be minimized and fully mitigated, BOEM is
amending its regulations to raise the limits of liability associated
with future spills. BOEM has teamed with the U.S. Coast Guard and the
Department of Justice in developing new regulations to ensure that
necessary resources will be made available to address potential
contingencies of any future oil spill and associated damages.
 Updating BOEM's Air Quality Program.
 BOEM's original air quality rules date largely from 1980 and have
not been updated substantially since that time. From 1990 to 2012, DOI
has exercised jurisdiction for air quality only for OCS sources
operating in the Gulf of Mexico. In fiscal year 2012, Congress expanded
DOI's authority by transferring to it responsibility for monitoring OCS
air quality off the North Slope Borough of the State of Alaska,
including the Beaufort Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and part of the Hope
Basin. BOEM is in the process of updating its regulations to reflect
changes that have occurred over the past thirty-four years and the new
regulatory jurisdiction. In its development of proposed regulations,
BOEM will continue to consult and coordinate its efforts with the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Park Service and the
Environmental Protection Agency.
 Modernizing Oil and Gas Leasing Regulations.
 BOEM is developing a final rule to update and streamline the
existing OCS leasing regulations to better reflect modern policy
priorities, including incentivizing diligent development, as well as to
reflect changes in applicable laws that have occurred over the past
several years. The final rule reorganizes leasing requirements to
communicate more effectively and clearly the leasing process as it has
evolved, and to better delineate the roles, responsibilities and
associated liabilities of all parties having an economic interest in
leases or facilities on the OCS.
 Protecting OCS Sand, Gravel, and Shell Resources.
 In light of the continuing need to provide resources to protect the
coast from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy, BOEM is developing
policies and goals to formally address the use of OCS sand, gravel, or
shell resources funded by the Federal government. These policies are
intended to ensure that necessary sand and gravel resources remain
available to help communities that have been harmed by hurricanes and
other disasters, so that beaches and other natural resources can
effectively be restored, without adversely impacting the development of
transmission lines and pipelines needed for energy development
projects. Taken together, these policies will ensure that the
development of renewable and

[[Page 76561]]

conventional energy resources continues to take place in areas adjacent
to key sand and gravel resource zones and that sand and gravel
resources continue to be available for construction projects, shore
protection, beach replenishment, or wetlands restoration purposes.
 Promoting Effective Financial Assurance and Risk
Management.
 BOEM has the responsibility to ensure that lessees and operators on
the OCS do not engage in activities that could generate an undue risk
of financial loss to the government. BOEM formally established a
program office to review these issues, and issued an advance notice of
proposed rulemaking seeking feedback on potential regulatory approaches
to promote effective financial assurance and risk management. Agency
staff will continue to work with industry and others to determine how
to improve the regulatory regime to better align with the realities of
aging offshore infrastructure, hazard risks, and increasing costs of
decommissioning.
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement
 BSEE's mission is to regulate safety, emergency preparedness,
environmental responsibility and appropriate development and
conservation of offshore oil and natural gas resources. BSEE's
regulatory priorities are guided by the BSEE FY 2012-2015 Strategic
Plan, which includes two strategic goals to focus the Bureau's
priorities in fulfillment of its mission:
 Regulate, enforce, and respond to OCS development using
the full range of authorities, policies, and tools to compel safety and
environmental responsibility and appropriate development of offshore
oil and natural gas resources.
 Build and sustain the organizational, technical, and
intellectual capacity within and across BSEE's key functions--capacity
that keeps pace with OCS industry technology improvements, innovates in
regulation and enforcement, and reduces risk through systemic
assessment and regulatory and enforcement actions.
 BSEE has identified the following four areas of regulatory
priorities: (1) Safety; (2) Oil Spill Response; (3) Arctic; and (4)
Managing and Mitigating Risk via Improved Technology. Other regulatory
topics under development include decommissioning costs, pipelines, and
renewable energy.
 Safety
 BSEE will be requesting comments on regulatory options for
improving aviation safety, crane safety, and safety management systems.
 Oil Spill Response
 BSEE will update regulations for offshore oil spill response
planning and preparedness. This rule will incorporate lessons learned
from the Deepwater Horizon incident, improved preparedness capability
standards, and applicable research findings.
 Arctic
 BSEE is working with BOEM on a joint proposed rule to promote safe,
responsible, and effective drilling activities on the Arctic OCS while
ensuring protection of the Arctic's communities and marine environment.
 Managing and Mitigating Risk via Improved Technology
 BSEE will develop a proposed rule containing requirements on
blowout preventers and critical reforms in the areas of well design,
well control, casing, cementing, real-time monitoring, and subsea
containment. This proposed rule will address and implement multiple
recommendations resulting from various investigations from the
Deepwater Horizon incident.
 Additionally, BSEE will finalize revisions of its rule on
production safety systems and life cycle analysis. This rule will
expand the use of life cycle management of critical equipment. The rule
addresses issues such as subsurface safety devices, safety device
testing, and expands the requirements for operating production systems
on the OCS.
Office of Natural Resources Revenue
 ONRR will continue to collect, account for, and disburse revenues
from Federal offshore energy and mineral leases and from onshore
mineral leases on Federal and Indian lands. The program operates
nationwide and is primarily responsible for timely and accurate
collection, distribution, and accounting for revenues associated with
mineral and energy production. ONRR's regulatory plan is as follows:
 Simplify valuation regulations
 ONRR plans to simplify the regulations at title 30 of the Code of
Federal Regulations (CFR) part 1206 for establishing the value for
royalty purposes of (1) oil and natural gas produced from Federal
leases; and (2) coal produced from Federal and Indian leases.
Additionally, the proposed rules would consolidate sections of the
regulations common to all minerals, such as definitions and
instructions regarding how a payor should request a valuation
determination. ONRR published Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking
(ANPRMs) to initiate the rulemaking process and to obtain input from
interested parties.
 Clarify and simplify issuing notices of noncompliance and
civil penalties
 This rule would amend ONRR civil penalty regulations to: (1) Codify
application of those regulations to solid minerals and geothermal
leases as the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2009 authorizes; (2) adjust
Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act civil penalty amounts for
inflation as the Federal Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment Act
requires; (3) clarify and simplify the existing regulations for issuing
notices of noncompliance and civil penalties under 30 CFR part 1241;
and (4) provide notice that ONRR will post its matrices for civil
penalty assessments on the ONRR Web site.
 Clarify and simplify distribution and disbursement of
qualified revenues from certain leases under the GOMESA
 ONRR would amend the regulations on the distribution and
disbursement of qualified revenues from certain leases on the Gulf of
Mexico's Outer Continental Shelf, under the provisions of the Gulf of
Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006. These proposed regulations set
forth the formulas and methodologies for calculating and allocating
revenues during the second phase of revenue sharing to: The States of
Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas; their eligible Coastal
Political Subdivisions; the Land and Water Conservation Fund; and the
United States Treasury. Additionally, in this proposed rule, the
Department of the Interior moves the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act
of 2006's Phase I regulations from the Bureau of Ocean Energy
Management's 30 CFR chapter V to ONRR's 30 CFR chapter XII, and
proposes additional clarification and minor definition changes to the
current revenue-sharing regulations.
 Clarify and simplify valuation regulations for Indian oil
leases
 ONRR would ensure that Indian lessors receive maximum revenues from
their mineral resources, as required by statute and the Secretary's
trust responsibility. The existing rule was published in 1988 with some
amendments published in December 2007. Changes in the oil markets have
raised concerns regarding the valuation methods for Indian oil.
Generally, Indian leases have a provision that place the value of their
oil at the highest price paid for a major portion of production of
like-quality oil from the same field or area. Proposed changes that
followed the 1988 rule were met with disagreement from Tribes and
industry.
 In 2011, the Secretary convened the Indian Oil Negotiated
Rulemaking Committee (Committee), established under the Federal
Advisory Committee

[[Page 76562]]

Act, to address the major portion provision of the current Indian oil
and gas rule. The Committee submitted its recommendations to ONRR in
September 2013. Those recommendations form the basis of this proposed
rule. By revising the method for valuing oil produced on Indian leases,
the proposed rule provides clarity and certainty to all concerned
parties while additionally assuring that Tribes and allottees receive,
in a timely fashion, royalties that satisfy the major portion provision
contained in most Indian leases.
Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement
 The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM) was
created by the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977
(SMCRA). Under SMCRA, OSM has two principal functions--the regulation
of surface coal mining and reclamation operations and the reclamation
and restoration of abandoned coal mine lands. In enacting SMCRA,
Congress directed OSM to ``strike a balance between protection of the
environment and agricultural productivity and the Nation's need for
coal as an essential source of energy.'' In response to its statutory
mandate, OSM has sought to develop and maintain a stable regulatory
program that is safe, cost-effective, and environmentally sound. A
stable regulatory program ensures that the coal mining industry has
clear guidelines for operation and reclamation, and that citizens know
how the program is being implemented.
 OSM's Federal regulatory program sets minimum requirements for
obtaining a permit for surface and underground coal mining operations,
sets performance standards for those operations, requires reclamation
of lands and waters disturbed by mining, and requires enforcement to
ensure that the standards are met. OSM is the primary regulatory
authority for SMCRA enforcement until a State or Indian tribe develops
its own regulatory program, which is no less effective than the Federal
program. When a State or Indian tribe achieves ``primacy,'' it assumes
direct responsibility for permitting, inspection, and enforcement
activities under its federally approved regulatory program. The
regulatory standards in Federal program states and in primacy states
are essentially the same with only minor, non-substantive differences.
Today, 24 States have primacy, including 23 of the 24 coal producing
States. OSM's regulatory priorities for the coming year will focus on:
 Stream Protection.
 Protect streams and related environmental resources from the
adverse effects of surface coal mining operations. OSM plans to revise
its regulations to improve the balance between environmental protection
and the Nation's need for coal by better protecting streams from the
adverse impacts of surface coal mining operations.
 Coal Combustion Residues.
 Establish Federal standards for the beneficial use of coal
combustion residues on active and abandoned coal mines.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
 The mission of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) is to work
with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, and
plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American
people. FWS also provides opportunities for Americans to enjoy the
outdoors and our shared natural heritage.
 FWS fulfills its responsibilities through a diverse array of
programs that:
 Protect and recover endangered and threatened species;
 Monitor and manage migratory birds;
 Restore native aquatic populations and nationally
significant fisheries;
 Enforce Federal wildlife laws and regulate international
trade;
 Conserve and restore wildlife habitat such as wetlands;
 Help foreign governments conserve wildlife through
international conservation efforts;
 Distribute Federal funds to States, territories, and
tribes for fish and wildlife conservation projects; and
 Manage the more than 150-million-acre National Wildlife
Refuge System, which protects and conserves fish and wildlife and their
habitats and allows the public to engage in outdoor recreational
activities.
 During the next year, FWS regulatory priorities will include:
Regulations under the Endangered Species Act (ESA):
 We will issue multiple rules to add species to, remove species
from, and reclassify species on the Lists of Endangered and Threatened
Wildlife and Plants and to designate critical habitat for certain
listed species, and rules to transform the processes for listing
species and designating critical habitat. We will improve the listing
process by issuing rules to more clearly describe areas where listed
species are protected and revise the process for submitting petitions
to list, delist, or reclassify species. We will further the protection
of native species and their ecosystems through a policy that will
provide incentives for voluntary conservation actions taken for species
prior to their listing under the ESA. We will issue rules to improve
the process of critical habitat designation, including clarifying
definitions of ``critical habitat'' and ``destruction or adverse
modification'' of critical habitat, and a policy to explain how we
consider various factors in determining exclusions to critical habitat
under section 4(b)(2) of the ESA.
Regulations under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA):
 In carrying out our responsibility to manage migratory bird
populations, we issue annual migratory bird hunting regulations, which
establish the frameworks (outside limits) for States to establish
season lengths, bag limits, and areas for migratory game bird hunting.
To ensure proper administration of the MBTA, we will revise our
regulations to prevent the wanton waste of migratory game birds to
clarify that the hunting public must make reasonable efforts to
retrieve birds that have been killed or injured. We will also revise
our regulations regarding permits for certain take of eagles and eagle
nests and propose regulations for the use of raptors other than eagles
for abatement (the use of trained raptors to mitigate depredation
problems caused by birds or other wildlife).
Regulations to administer the National Wildlife Refuge System (NWRS):
 In carrying out our statutory responsibility to provide wildlife-
dependent recreational opportunities on NWRS lands, we issue an annual
rule to update the hunting and fishing regulations on specific refuges.
To ensure protection of NWRS resources, we will issue a proposed rule
to ensure that businesses conducting oil or gas operations on NWRS
lands do so in a manner that prevents or minimizes damage to the lands,
visitor values, and management objectives. We will also issue a policy
for managing cultural resources (archaeological resources, historic and
architectural properties, and areas or sites of traditional or
religious significance to Native Americans) on NWRS lands.
Regulations to carry out the Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration (WSFR)
Act:
 To strengthen our partnership with State conservation
organizations, we are working on several rules to update and clarify
our WSFR regulations. States rely on FWS to distribute finances, and
the FWS relies on the States to implement

[[Page 76563]]

eligible conservation projects. We will expand on existing regulations
that prescribe processes that applicants and grantees must follow when
applying for and managing grants from FWS. Among other rules, we will
also revise our regulations under the Clean Vessel Act and Boating
Infrastructure Grant programs to improve management and execution of
those programs.
 In accordance with section 3(a) of Executive Order 13609
(``Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation''), we will issue the
following rulemaking actions:
Regulations to carry out the Convention on International Trade in
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES):
 We will update our CITES regulations to incorporate provisions
resulting from the 16th Conference of the Parties to CITES. The
revisions will help us more effectively promote species conservation
and help U.S. importers and exporters of wildlife products understand
how to conduct lawful international trade. We will also rewrite a
substantial portion of our regulations for the importation,
exportation, and transportation of wildlife by proposing changes to the
port structure and inspection fees and making the regulations easier to
understand.
 To help protect African elephants, we will revise our regulations
regarding ivory from African elephants to prohibit interstate commerce
and export, except for antique specimens and certain other items.
Import of sport-hunted trophies would still be allowed, but the number
of trophies that could be imported by a hunter in a given year would be
limited.
 Finally, to protect native species and prevent the spread of
injurious species, we will propose regulations to improve our process
for making injurious wildlife determinations for foreign species under
the Lacey Act to prevent the interstate transportation and commerce of
injurious wildlife.
National Park Service
 The NPS preserves unimpaired the natural and cultural resources and
values within more than 400 units of the National Park System
encompassing nearly 84 million acres of lands and waters for the
enjoyment, education, and inspiration of this and future generations.
NPS also cooperates with partners to extend the benefits of natural and
resource conservation and outdoor recreation throughout the United
States and the world.
 To achieve this mission NPS adheres to the following guiding
principles:
 Excellent Service: Providing the best possible service to
park visitors and partners.
 Productive Partnerships: Collaborating with Federal,
State, tribal, and local governments, private organizations, and
businesses to work toward common goals.
 Citizen Involvement: Providing opportunities for citizens
to participate in the decisions and actions of the National Park
Service.
 Heritage Education: Educating park visitors and the
general public about their history and common heritage.
 Outstanding Employees: Empowering a diverse workforce
committed to excellence, integrity, and quality work.
 Employee Development: Providing developmental
opportunities and training so employees have the ``tools to do the
job'' safely and efficiently.
 Wise Decisions: Integrating social, economic,
environmental, and ethical considerations into the decision-making
process.
 Effective Management: Instilling a performance management
philosophy that fosters creativity, focuses on results, and requires
accountability at all levels.
 Research and Technology: Incorporating research findings
and new technologies to improve work practices, products, and services.
 NPS regulatory priorities for the coming year include:
 Managing Off-Road Vehicle Use
 Rules for Fire Island National Seashore, Lake Meredith National
Recreation Area, Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, and Cape Lookout
National Seashore would allow for management of off-road vehicle (ORV)
use, to protect and preserve natural and cultural resources, and
provide a variety of visitor use experiences while minimizing conflicts
among user groups. Further, the rules would designate ORV routes and
establish operational requirements and restrictions.
 Managing Bicycling
 New rules would authorize and manage bicycling at Cuyahoga Valley
National Park, and Bryce Canyon National Park.
 Implementing the Native American Graves Protection and
Repatriation Act
 (1) A new rule would establish a process for disposition of
Unclaimed Human Remains and Funerary Objects discovered after November
16, 1990, on Federal or Indian Lands.
 (2) A rule revising the existing regulations would describe the
NAGPRA process in plain language, eliminate ambiguity, clarify terms,
and include Native Hawaiians in the process. The rule would eliminate
unnecessary requirements for museums and would not add processes or
collect additional information.
 Regulating non-Federal oil and gas activity on NPS land
 The rule would account for new technology and industry practices,
eliminate regulatory exemptions, update new legal requirements, remove
caps on bond amounts, and allow the NPS to recover compliance costs
associated with administering the regulations.
 Authorizing and managing service animals
 The rule will define and differentiate service animals from pets,
and will describe the circumstances under which service animals would
be allowed in a park area. The rule will ensure NPS compliance with
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (28 U.S.C. 794) and
better align NPS regulations with the Americans with Disabilities Act
of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 1211 et seq.) and the Department of Justice Service
Animal regulations of 2011 (28 CFR 36.104).
 Preserving and managing paleontological resources
 This rule would implement provisions of the Paleontological
Resources Protection Act. The rule would preserve, manage, and protect
paleontological resources on Federal lands and ensure that these
resources are available for current and future generations to enjoy as
part of America's national heritage. The rule would address management,
collection, and curation of paleontological resources from Federal
lands using scientific principles and expertise. Provisions of the rule
will ensure that resources are collected in accordance with permits and
curated in an approved repository. The rule would also protect
confidential locality data, and authorize penalties for illegally
collecting, damaging, altering, defacing, or selling paleontological
resources.
 Collecting plants for traditional cultural practices
 The rule would propose authorizing Park Superintendents to enter
into agreements with federally recognized tribes to permit tribal
members to collect limited quantities of plant resources in parks to be
used for traditional cultural practices and activities.
Bureau of Reclamation
 The Bureau of Reclamation's mission is to manage, develop, and
protect water and related resources in an environmentally and
economically sound manner in the interest of the American public. To
accomplish this

[[Page 76564]]

mission, we employ management, engineering, and science to achieve
effective and environmentally sensitive solutions.
 Reclamation projects provide: Irrigation water service, municipal
and industrial water supply, hydroelectric power generation, water
quality improvement, groundwater management, fish and wildlife
enhancement, outdoor recreation, flood control, navigation, river
regulation and control, system optimization, and related uses. We have
continued to focus on increased security at our facilities.
 Our regulatory program focus in fiscal year 2015 is to publish a
proposed minor amendment to 43 CFR part 429 to bring it into compliance
with the requirements of the recently published final rule, 43 CFR part
5, Commercial Filming and Similar Projects and Still Photography on
Certain Areas under Department Jurisdiction. Publishing this rule will
implement the provisions of Public Law 106-206, which directs the
establishment of permits and reasonable fees for commercial filming and
certain still photography activities on public lands.
BILLING CODE 4310-10-P

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE (DOJ)--FALL 2014

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The mission of the Department of Justice is to enforce the law and
defend the interests of the United States according to the law, to
ensure public safety against foreign and domestic threats, to provide
Federal leadership in preventing and controlling crime, to seek just
punishment for those guilty of unlawful behavior, and to ensure the
fair and impartial administration of justice for all Americans. In
carrying out its mission, the Department is guided by four core values:
(1) Equal justice under the law; (2) honesty and integrity; (3)
commitment to excellence; and (4) respect for the worth and dignity of
each human being. The Department of Justice is primarily a law
enforcement agency, not a regulatory agency; it carries out its
principal investigative, prosecutorial, and other enforcement
activities through means other than the regulatory process.
 The regulatory priorities of the Department include initiatives in
the areas of civil rights, criminal law enforcement and immigration.
These initiatives are summarized below. In addition, several other
components of the Department carry out important responsibilities
through the regulatory process. Although their regulatory efforts are
not separately discussed in this overview of the regulatory priorities,
those components have key roles in implementing the Department's anti-
terrorism and law enforcement priorities.

Civil Rights Division

The Department is including five disability nondiscrimination
rulemaking initiatives in its Regulatory Plan: (1) Implementation of
the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 in the ADA regulations (titles II and
III); (2) Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 in the
Department's section 504 regulations; (3) Nondiscrimination on the
Basis of Disability by Public Accommodations: Movie Captioning and
Audio Description; (4) Accessibility of Web Information and Services of
State and Local Governments; and (5) Accessibility of Web Information
and Services of Public Accommodations.
 The Department's other disability nondiscrimination rulemaking
initiatives, while important priorities for the Department's rulemaking
agenda, will be included in the Department's long-term actions for
fiscal year 2016. As will be discussed more fully below, these
initiatives include: (1) Accessibility of Medical Equipment and
Furniture; (2) Accessibility of Beds in Guestrooms with Mobility
Features in Places of Lodging; (3) Next Generation 9-1-1 Services; and
(4) Accessibility of Equipment and Furniture. The Department will also
be revising its regulations for Coordination of Enforcement of Non-
Discrimination in Federally Assisted Programs, as well as revising
regulations implementing section 274B of the Immigration and
Nationality Act.
 ADA Amendments Act. In September 2008, Congress passed the ADA
Amendments Act, which revises the definition of ``disability'' to more
broadly encompass impairments that substantially limit a major life
activity. On January 30, 2014, the Department published a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) proposing amendments to both its title II
and title III ADA regulations in order to incorporate the statutory
changes set forth in the ADA Amendments Act. The comment period closed
on March 31, 2014. The Department expects to publish a final rule
incorporating these changes into the ADA implementing regulations in
the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. The Department also plans to
propose amendments to its section 504 regulations to implement the ADA
Amendments Act of 2008 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015.
 Captioning and Audio Description in Movie Theaters. Title III of
the ADA requires public accommodations to take ``such steps as may be
necessary to ensure that no individual with a disability is treated
differently because of the absence of auxiliary aids and services,
unless the covered entity can demonstrate that taking such steps would
cause a fundamental alteration or would result in an undue burden.'' 42
U.S.C. 12182(b)(2)(A)(iii). Both open and closed captioning and audio
recordings are examples of auxiliary aids and services that should be
provided by places of public accommodations, 28 CFR 36.303(b)(1)-(2).
The Department stated in the preamble to its 1991 rule that ``[m]ovie
theaters are not required . . . to present open-captioned films,'' 28
CFR part 36, app. C (2011), but it did not address closed captioning
and audio description in movie theaters. In the movie theater context,
``closed captioning'' refers to captions that only the patron
requesting the closed captions can see because the captions are
delivered to the patron at or near the patron's seat. Audio description
is a technology that enables individuals who are blind or have low
vision to enjoy movies by providing a spoken narration of key visual
elements of a visually delivered medium, such as actions, settings,
facial expressions, costumes, and scene changes.
 Since 1991, there have been many technological advances in the area
of closed captioning and audio description for first-run movies. In
June 2008, the Department issued an NPRM to revise the ADA title III
regulation, 73 FR 34466, in which the Department stated that it was
considering options for requiring that movie theater owners or
operators exhibit movies that are captioned or that provide video
(narrative) description. The Department issued an ANPRM on July 26,
2010, to obtain more information regarding issues raised by commenters;
to seek comment on technical questions that arose from the Department's
research; and to learn more about the status of digital conversion. In
addition, the Department sought information regarding whether other
technologies or areas of interest (e.g., 3D) have developed or are in
the process of development that would either replace or augment digital
cinema or make any regulatory requirements for captioning and audio
description more difficult or expensive to implement. The Department
received approximately 1171 public comments in response to its movie
captioning and video description

[[Page 76565]]

ANPRM. On August 1, 2014, the Department published its NPRM proposing
to revise the ADA title III regulation to require movie theaters to
have the capability to exhibit movies with closed movie captioning and
audio description (which was described in the ANPRM as video
description) for all showings of movies that are available with closed
movie captioning or audio description, to require theaters to provide
notice to the public about the availability of these services, and to
ensure that theaters have staff available who can provide information
to patrons about the use of these services. In response to a request
for an extension of the public comment period, the Department has
issued a notice extending the comment period for 60 days until December
1, 2014.
 Web site Accessibility. The Internet as it is known today did not
exist when Congress enacted the ADA, yet today the World Wide Web plays
a critical role in the daily personal, professional, civic, and
business life of Americans. The ADA's expansive nondiscrimination
mandate reaches goods and services provided by public accommodations
and public entities using Internet Web sites. Being unable to access
Web sites puts individuals at a great disadvantage in today's society,
which is driven by a dynamic electronic marketplace and unprecedented
access to information. On the economic front, electronic commerce, or
``e-commerce,'' often offers consumers a wider selection and lower
prices than traditional, ``brick-and-mortar'' storefronts, with the
added convenience of not having to leave one's home to obtain goods and
services. For individuals with disabilities who experience barriers to
their ability to travel or to leave their homes, the Internet may be
their only way to access certain goods and services. Beyond goods and
services, information available on the Internet has become a gateway to
education, socializing, and entertainment.
 The Internet is also dramatically changing the way that
governmental entities serve the public. Public entities are
increasingly providing their constituents access to government services
and programs through their Web sites. Through Government Web sites, the
public can obtain information or correspond with local officials
without having to wait in line or be placed on hold. They can also pay
fines, apply for benefits, renew State-issued identification, register
to vote, file taxes, request copies of vital records, and complete
numerous other everyday tasks. The availability of these services and
information online not only makes life easier for the public but also
often enables governmental entities to operate more efficiently and at
a lower cost.
 The ADA's promise to provide an equal opportunity for individuals
with disabilities to participate in and benefit from all aspects of
American civic and economic life will be achieved in today's
technologically advanced society only if it is clear to State and local
governments, businesses, educators, and other public accommodations
that their Web sites must be accessible. Consequently, the Department
is considering amending its regulations implementing title II and title
III of the ADA to require public entities and public accommodations
that provide products or services to the public through Internet Web
sites to make their sites accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities.
 In particular, the Department's ANPRM on Web site accessibility
sought public comment regarding what standards, if any, it should adopt
for Web site accessibility, whether the Department should adopt
coverage limitations for certain entities, like small businesses, and
what resources and services are available to make existing Web sites
accessible to individuals with disabilities. The Department also
solicited comments on the costs of making Web sites accessible and on
the existence of any other effective and reasonably feasible
alternatives to making Web sites accessible. The Department received
approximately 440 public comments and is in the process of reviewing
these comments. The Department will be publishing separate NPRMs
addressing Web site accessibility pursuant to titles II and III of the
ADA. On July 9, 2014, the Department submitted its title II Web site
Accessibility NPRM to OMB for E.O. 12866 review with a goal of
publishing the NPRM before the end of the 2014 calendar year. The
Department plans to follow with the publication of the title III NPRM
in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015.
 The final rulemaking initiatives from the 2010 ANPRMs are included
in the Department's long-term priorities projected for fiscal year
2016:
 Next Generation 9-1-1. This ANPRM sought information on possible
revisions to the Department's regulation to ensure direct access to
Next Generation 9-1-1 (NG 9-1-1) services for individuals with
disabilities. In 1991, the Department of Justice published a regulation
to implement title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
(ADA). That regulation requires public safety answering points (PSAPs)
to provide direct access to persons with disabilities who use analog
telecommunication devices for the deaf (TTYs), 28 CFR 35.162. Since
that rule was published, there have been major changes in the types of
communications technology used by the general public and by people who
have disabilities that affect their hearing or speech. Many individuals
with disabilities now use the Internet and wireless text devices as
their primary modes of telecommunications. At the same time, PSAPs are
planning to shift from analog telecommunications technology to new
Internet-Protocol (IP)-enabled NG 9-1-1 services that will provide
voice and data (such as text, pictures, and video) capabilities. As
PSAPs transition from the analog systems to the new technologies, it is
essential that people with communication disabilities be able to use
the new systems. Therefore, the Department published this ANPRM to
begin to develop appropriate regulatory guidance for PSAPs that are
making this transition. The Department is in the process of completing
its review of the approximately 146 public comments it received in
response to its NG 9-1-1 ANPRM and expects to publish an NPRM
addressing accessibility of NG 9-1-1 in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2016.
 Equipment and Furniture. Both title II and title III of the ADA
require covered entities to make reasonable modifications in their
programs or services to facilitate participation by persons with
disabilities. In addition, covered entities are required to ensure that
people are not excluded from participation because facilities are
inaccessible or because the entity has failed to provide auxiliary
aids. The use of accessible equipment and furniture is often critical
to an entity's ability to provide a person with a disability equal
access to its services. Changes in technology have resulted in the
development and improved availability of accessible equipment and
furniture that benefit individuals with disabilities. The 2010 ADA
Standards include accessibility requirements for some types of fixed
equipment (e.g., ATMs, washing machines, dryers, tables, benches and
vending machines) and the Department plans to look to these standards
for guidance, where applicable, when it proposes accessibility
standards for equipment and furniture that is not fixed. The ANPRM
sought information about other categories of equipment, including beds
in accessible guest rooms, and medical equipment and furniture. The
Department received approximately 420

[[Page 76566]]

comments in response to its ANPRM and is in the process of reviewing
these comments. The Department plans to publish in early fiscal year
2016 a separate NPRM pursuant to title III of the ADA on beds in
accessible guest rooms and a more detailed ANPRM pursuant to titles II
and III of the ADA that focuses solely on accessible medical equipment
and furniture. The remaining items of equipment and furniture addressed
in the 2010 ANPRM will be the subject of an NPRM that the Department
anticipates publishing in mid-fiscal year 2016.
 Coordination of Enforcement of Non-Discrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs. In addition, the Department is planning to revise
the co-ordination regulations implementing title VI of the Civil Rights
Act, which have not been updated in over 30 years. Among other things,
the updates will revise outdated provisions, streamline procedural
steps, streamline and clarify provisions regarding information and data
collection, promote opportunities to encourage public engagement, and
incorporate current law regarding meaningful access for individuals who
are limited English proficient.
 Implementation of Section 247B of the Immigration and Nationality
Act. The Department also proposes to revise regulations implementing
section 274B of the Immigration and Nationality Act. The proposed
revisions are appropriate to conform the regulations to the statutory
text as amended, simplify and add definitions of statutory terms,
update and clarify the procedures for filing and processing charges of
discrimination, ensure effective investigations of unfair immigration-
related employment practices, and update outdated references. The
regulations will also be revised to reflect the new name of the office
within the Department charged with enforcing this statute.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF)
 ATF issues regulations to enforce the Federal laws relating to the
manufacture and commerce of firearms and explosives. ATF's mission and
regulations are designed to, among other objectives, curb illegal
traffic in, and criminal use of, firearms and explosives, and to assist
State, local, and other Federal law enforcement agencies in reducing
crime and violence. The Department is including one rulemaking
initiative from ATF in its Regulatory Plan. The Department is planning
to finalize a proposed rule to amend ATF's regulations regarding the
making or transferring of a firearm under the National Firearms Act. As
proposed, this rule would (1) add a definition for the term
``responsible person''; (2) require each responsible person of a
corporation, trust or legal entity to complete a specified form, and to
submit photographs and fingerprints; and (3) modify the requirements
regarding the certificate of the chief law enforcement officer.
 ATF will continue, as a priority during fiscal year 2014, to seek
modifications to its regulations governing commerce in firearms and
explosives. ATF plans to issue regulations to finalize the current
interim rules implementing the provisions of the Safe Explosives Act,
title XI, subtitle C, of Public Law 107-296, the Homeland Security Act
of 2002 (enacted Nov. 25, 2002). ATF also has begun a rulemaking
process that will lead to promulgation of a revised set of regulations
(27 CFR part 771) governing the procedure and practice for proposed
denial of applications for explosives licenses or permits and proposed
revocation of such licenses and permits. In addition, ATF also has
several other rulemaking initiatives as part of the Department's
rulemaking agenda.
 Pursuant to Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review,'' ATF has published a final rule to amend existing
regulations and extend the term of import permits for firearms,
ammunition, and defense articles from 1 year to 2 years. The additional
time will allow importers sufficient time to complete the importation
of an authorized commodity before the permit expires and eliminate the
need for importers to submit new and duplicative import applications.
ATF believes that extending the term of import permits will result in
substantial cost and time savings for both ATF and industry.

Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)

DEA is the primary agency responsible for coordinating the drug law
enforcement activities of the United States and also assists in the
implementation of the President's National Drug Control Strategy. DEA
implements and enforces titles II and III of the Comprehensive Drug
Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 and the Controlled Substances
Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 801-971), as amended, and collectively
referred to as the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). DEA's mission is to
enforce the CSA and its regulations and bring to the criminal and civil
justice system those organizations and individuals involved in the
growing, manufacture, or distribution of controlled substances and
listed chemicals appearing in or destined for illicit traffic in the
United States. DEA promulgates the CSA implementing regulations in
title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 1300 to 1321.
The CSA and its implementing regulations are designed to prevent,
detect, and eliminate the diversion of controlled substances and listed
chemicals into the illicit market while providing for the legitimate
medical, scientific, research, and industrial needs of the United
States.
 Pursuant to its statutory authority, DEA continuously evaluates new
and emerging substances to determine whether such substances should be
controlled under the CSA. During fiscal year 2015, in addition to
initiating temporary scheduling actions to prevent imminent hazard to
the public safety, DEA will also consider petitions to control or
reschedule various substances. Among other regulatory reviews and
initiatives, the DEA will initiate the notice of proposed rulemaking
titled, ``Transporting Controlled Substances Away from Principal Places
of Business or Principal Places of Professional Practice on an As
Needed and Random Basis.'' In this rule, the DEA proposes to amend its
regulations governing the registration, security, reporting,
recordkeeping, and ordering requirements in circumstances where
practitioners transport controlled substances for dispensing to
patients on an as needed and random basis. Lastly, the DEA will
finalize its Interim Final Rule for Electronic Prescriptions for
Controlled Substances. By this final rule, the DEA would finalize its
regulations to clarify: (1) the criteria by which DEA-registered
practitioners may electronically issue controlled substance
prescriptions; and (2) the criteria by which DEA-registered pharmacies
may receive and archive these electronic prescriptions.
Bureau of Prisons
 The Federal Bureau of Prisons issues regulations to enforce the
Federal laws relating to its mission: to protect society by confining
offenders in the controlled environments of prisons and community-based
facilities that are safe, humane, cost-efficient, and appropriately
secure, and that provide work and other self-improvement opportunities
to assist offenders in becoming law-abiding citizens. During the next
12 months, in addition to other regulatory objectives aimed at
accomplishing its mission, the Bureau will continue its ongoing efforts
to: streamline regulations, eliminating unnecessary language and
improving readability; improve disciplinary

[[Page 76567]]

procedures through a revision of the subpart relating to the
disciplinary process; reduce the introduction of contraband through
various means, such as clarifying drug and alcohol surveillance testing
programs; protect the public from continuing criminal activity
committed within prison; and enhance the Bureau's ability to more
closely monitor the communications of high-risk inmates.
Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR)
 On March 1, 2003, pursuant to the Homeland Security Act of 2002
(HSA), the responsibility for immigration enforcement and border
security and for providing immigration-related services and benefits,
such as naturalization, immigrant petitions, and work authorization,
was transferred from the Justice Department's former Immigration and
Naturalization Service (INS) to the Department of Homeland Security
(DHS). However, the immigration judges and the Board of Immigration
Appeals (Board) in EOIR remain part of the Department of Justice. The
immigration judges adjudicate approximately 400,000 cases each year to
determine whether aliens should be ordered removed from the United
States or should be granted some form of relief from removal. The Board
has jurisdiction over appeals from the decisions of immigration judges,
as well as other matters. Accordingly, the Attorney General has a
continuing role in the conducting of removal hearings, the granting of
relief from removal, and custody determinations regarding the detention
of aliens pending completion of removal proceedings. The Attorney
General also is responsible for civil litigation and criminal
prosecutions relating to the immigration laws.
 In several pending rulemaking actions, the Department is working to
revise and update the regulations relating to removal proceedings in
order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the hearings,
including, but not limited to: a joint regulation with DHS to provide
guidance on a number of issues central to the adjudication of
applications for asylum and withholding of removal; a joint regulation
with DHS to provide, with respect to applicants who are found to have
engaged in persecution of others, a limited exception for actions taken
by the applicant under duress; a joint regulation with DHS to implement
procedures that address the specialized needs of unaccompanied alien
children in removal proceedings pursuant to the William Wilberforce
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008; a proposed
regulation to establish procedures for the filing and adjudication of
motions to reopen removal, deportation, and exclusion proceedings based
upon a claim of ineffective assistance of counsel; and a proposed
regulation to improve the recognition and accreditation process for
organizations and representatives that appear in immigration
proceedings before EOIR. Finally, in response to Executive Order 13653,
the Department is retrospectively reviewing EOIR's regulations to
eliminate regulations that unnecessarily duplicate DHS's regulations
and update outdated references to the pre-2002 immigration system.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final Justice Department plan can
be found at: http://www.justice.gov/open/doj-rr-final-plan.pdf

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Title Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1140-AA40........................ Rules of ATF has begun a
 Practice in rulemaking process
 Explosives that will lead to
 License and promulgation of a
 Permit revised set of
 Proceedings. regulations
 governing the
 procedure and
 practice for
 disapproval of
 applications for
 explosives licenses
 or permits. This
 new set of
 regulations, 27
 C.F.R. part 771
 will replace the
 regulations
 previously codified
 at 27 C.F.R. part
 71 (2002), many of
 which are outmoded
 and need to be
 revised.
1125-AA71........................ Retrospective Advance notice of
 Regulatory future rulemaking
 Review Under concerning appeals
 E.O. 13563 of of DHS decisions (8
 8 CFR Parts C.F.R. part 1103),
 1003, 1103, documentary
 1211, 1212, requirements for
 1215, 1216, aliens (8 C.F.R.
 1235. parts 1211 and
 1212), control of
 aliens departing
 from the United
 States (8 C.F.R.
 part 1215),
 procedures
 governing
 conditional
 permanent resident
 status (8 C.F.R.
 part 1216), and
 inspection of
 individuals
 applying for
 admission to the
 United States (8
 C.F.R. part 1235).
 A number of
 attorneys, firms,
 and organizations
 in immigration
 practice are small
 entities. EOIR
 believes this rule
 will improve the
 efficiency and
 fairness of
 adjudications
 before EOIR by, for
 example,
 eliminating
 duplication,
 ensuring
 consistency with
 the Department of
 Homeland Security's
 regulations in
 chapter I of title
 8 of the CFR, and
 delineating more
 clearly the
 authority and
 jurisdiction of
 each agency.
1125-AA78........................ Separate This rule proposes
 Representation to amend the
 for Custody Executive Office
 and Bond for Immigration
 Proceedings. Review (EOIR)
 regulations
 relating to the
 representation of
 aliens in custody
 and bond
 proceedings.
 Specifically, this
 rule proposes to
 allow a
 representative to
 enter an appearance
 in custody and bond
 proceedings before
 EOIR without
 committing to
 appear on behalf of
 the alien for all
 proceedings before
 the Immigration
 Court.
1117-NYD......................... Implementation DEA is continuing to
 of the consider possible
 International changes to its
 Trade Data existing
 System. regulations (e.g.,
 21 CFR 1312.14,
 1312.24) to take
 account of the
 submission of
 import and export
 permits to U.S.
 Customs and Border
 Protection in
 electronic form.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76568]]

Executive Order 13609--Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

The Department is not currently engaged in international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations.

Executive Order 13659

Executive Order 13659, ``Streamlining the Export/Import Process for
America's Businesses,'' provided new directives for agencies to improve
the technologies, policies, and other controls governing the movement
of goods across our national borders. This includes additional steps to
implement the International Trade Data System as an electronic
information exchange capability, or ``single window,'' through which
businesses will transmit data required by participating agencies for
the importation or exportation of cargo.
 At the Department of Justice, stakeholders must obtain pre-import
and pre-export authorizations from the Drug Enforcement Administration
(DEA) (relating to controlled substances and listed chemicals), or from
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) (relating
to firearms, ammunition, and explosives). The ITDS ``single window''
will work in conjunction with these pre-import and pre-export
authorizations.
 Pursuant to section 6 of E.O. 13659, DEA and ATF have consulted
with CBP and are continuing to study whether some modifications or
technical changes to their existing regulations are needed to achieve
the goals of E.O. 13659.

DOJ--CIVIL RIGHTS DIVISION (CRT)

Proposed Rule Stage

91. Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Section 504 of
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-325; 29 U.S.C. 794 (sec 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended); E.O. 12250 (45 FR 72955; 11/
04/1980)
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 39; 28 CFR 41; 28 CFR 42, subpart G.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract:
 This rule would propose to amend the Department's regulations
implementing section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended,
28 CFR part 39 and part 42, subpart G, and its regulation implementing
Executive Order 12250, 28 CFR part 41, to reflect statutory amendments
to the definition of disability applicable to section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act, which were enacted in the ADA Amendments Act of
2008, Public Law 110-325, 122 Stat. 3553 (Sep. 25, 2008). The ADA
Amendments Act took effect on January 1, 2009.
 The ADA Amendments Act revised 29 U.S.C. 705, to make the
definition of disability used in the nondiscrimination provisions in
title V of the Rehabilitation Act consistent with the amended ADA
requirements. These amendments (1) add illustrative lists of ``major
life activities,'' including ``major bodily functions,'' that provide
more examples of covered activities and covered conditions than are now
contained in agency regulations (sec. 3[2]); (2) clarify that a person
who is ``regarded as'' having a disability does not have to be regarded
as being substantially limited in a major life activity (sec. 3[3]);
and (3) add rules of construction regarding the definition of
disability that provide guidance in applying the term ``substantially
limits'' and prohibit consideration of mitigating measures in
determining whether a person has a disability (sec. 3[4]).
 The Department anticipates that these changes will be published for
comment in a proposed rule within the next 12 months. During the
drafting of these revisions, the Department will also review the
currently published rules to ensure that any other legal requirements
under the Rehabilitation Act have been properly addressed in these
regulations.
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to bring the Department's
prior section 504 regulations into compliance with the ADA Amendments
Act of 2008, which became effective on January 1, 2009.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: Because this NPRM implements statutory changes to the
section 504 definition of disability, there are no appropriate
alternatives to issuing this NPRM.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department's preliminary
assessment in this early stage of the rulemaking process is that this
rule will not be ``economically significant,'' that is, that the rule
will not have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or
adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the
economy, the environment, public health or safety or State, local or
tribal Governments or communities. The Department's section 504 rule
will incorporate the same changes made by the ADA Amendments Act to the
definition of disability as are included in the proposed changes to the
ADA title II and title III rules (1190-AA59), which will be published
in the Federal Register in the near future. Therefore, we do not
believe that the revisions to the Department's existing section 504
federally assisted regulations will have any additional economic
impact, because public and private entities that receive federal
financial assistance from the Department are also likely to be subject
to titles II or III of the ADA. The Department expects to consider
further the economic impact of the proposed rule on the Department's
existing section 504 federally conducted regulations, but anticipates
that the rule will not be economically significant within the meaning
of Executive Order 12866. This is because the revisions to these
regulations will only apply to the Department's programs and activities
and how those programs and activities are operated so as to ensure
compliance with the nondiscrimination requirements of section 504. In
the NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public comment in response
to its initial assessment of the impact of the proposed rule.
 Risks: Failure to update the Department's section 504 regulations
to conform to statutory changes will interfere with the Department's
enforcement efforts and lead to confusion about the law's requirements
among entities that receive Federal financial assistance from the
Department or who participate in its federally conducted programs.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA60


[[Page 76569]]

DOJ--CRT

92. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability; Accessibility of Web
Information and Services of Public Accommodations

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Justice is considering proposed
revisions to the regulation implementing title III of the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA) in order to address the obligations of
public accommodations to make goods, services, facilities, privileges,
accommodations, or advantages they offer via the Internet, specifically
at sites on the World Wide Web (Web), accessible to individuals with
disabilities. The ADA requires that public accommodations provide
individuals with disabilities with full and equal enjoyment of their
goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and
accommodations. 42. U.S.C. 12182. The Internet as it is known today did
not exist when Congress enacted the ADA. Today the Internet, most
notably the sites on the Web, plays a critical role in the daily
personal, professional, and business life of most Americans.
Increasingly, private entities of all types are providing goods and
services to the public through Web sites that operate as places of
public accommodation under title III of the ADA. Many Web sites of
public accommodations, however, render use by individuals with
disabilities difficult or impossible due to barriers posed by Web sites
designed without accessible features. Being unable to access Web sites
puts individuals with disabilities at a great disadvantage in today's
society, which is driven by a global marketplace and unprecedented
access to information. On the economic front, electronic commerce, or
``e-commerce,'' often offers consumers a wider selection and lower
prices than traditional ``brick-and-mortar'' storefronts, with the
added convenience of not having to leave one's home to obtain goods and
services. Beyond goods and services, information available on the
Internet has become a gateway to education. Schools at all levels are
increasingly offering programs and classroom instruction through Web
sites. Many colleges and universities offer degree programs online;
some universities exist exclusively on the Internet. The Internet also
is changing the way individuals socialize and seek entertainment.
Social networks and other online meeting places provide a unique way
for individuals to meet and fraternize. These networks allow
individuals to meet others with similar interests and connect with
friends, business colleagues, elected officials, and businesses. They
also provide an effective networking opportunity for entrepreneurs,
artists, and others seeking to put their skills and talents to use. Web
sites also bring a myriad of entertainment and information options for
Internet users-from games and music to news and videos. The ADA's
promise to provide an equal opportunity for individuals with
disabilities to participate in and benefit from all aspects of American
civic and economic life will be achieved in today's technologically
advanced society only if it is clear to businesses, educators, and
other public accommodations, that their Web sites must be accessible.
Consequently, the Department is proposing to amend its title III
regulation to expressly address the obligations of public
accommodations to make the Web sites they use to provide their goods
and services to the public accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities under the legal framework established by the ADA. The
proposed regulation will propose the scope of the obligation to provide
accessibility when persons with disabilities attempt to access Web
sites of public accommodations, as well as propose the technical
standards necessary to comply with the ADA.
 Statement of Need: Many people with disabilities use ``assistive
technology'' to enable them to use computers and access the Internet.
Individuals who are blind or have low vision who cannot see computer
monitors may use screen readers--devices that speak the text that would
normally appear on a monitor. People who have difficulty using a
computer mouse can use voice recognition software to control their
computers with verbal commands. People with other types of disabilities
may use still other kinds of assistive technology. New and innovative
assistive technologies are being introduced every day. Web sites that
do not accommodate assistive technology, for example, can create
unnecessary barriers for people with disabilities, just as buildings
not designed to accommodate individuals with disabilities can prevent
some individuals from entering and accessing services. Web designers
may not realize how simple features built into a Web site will assist
someone who, for instance, cannot see a computer monitor or use a
mouse. In addition, in many cases, these Web sites do not provide
captioning for videos or live events streamed over the Web, leaving
persons who are deaf or hard of hearing unable to access the
information that is being provided. Although the Department has been
clear that the ADA applies to Web sites of private entities that meet
the definition of ``public accommodations,'' inconsistent court
decisions, differing standards for determining Web accessibility, and
repeated calls for Department action indicate remaining uncertainty
regarding the applicability of the ADA to Web sites of entities covered
by title III. For these reasons, the Department plans to propose
amendments to its regulation so as to make clear to entities covered by
the ADA their obligations to make their Web sites accessible. Despite
the need for action, the Department appreciates the need to move
forward deliberatively. Any regulations the Department adopts must
provide specific guidance to help ensure Web access to individuals with
disabilities without hampering innovation and technological advancement
on the Web.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires that public accommodations
provide individuals with disabilities with full and equal enjoyment of
their goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and
accommodations. 42. U.S.C. 12182. Increasingly, private entities of all
types are providing goods and services to the public through Web sites
that operate as places of public accommodation under title III of the
ADA.
 Alternatives: The Department intends to consider various
alternatives for ensuring full access to Web sites of public
accommodations, including alternative implementation schedules and
technical requirements applicable to certain Web features or based on a
covered entity's size. The Department will solicit public comment
addressing its proposed alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department anticipates that this
rule will be ``economically significant.'' The Department believes that
revising its title III rule to clarify the obligations of public
accommodations to provide accessible Web sites will significantly
increase the opportunities of individuals with disabilities to access
the variety of goods and services public accommodations offer on the
Web, while increasing the number of customers that access the Web sites
to procure the goods and services offered by these public
accommodations. In drafting this NPRM, the Department will attempt to
minimize the compliance costs to public accommodations, while ensuring
the benefits of compliance to

[[Page 76570]]

persons with disabilities. At this stage in the process, the Department
is not yet able to provide a preliminary estimate of costs and
benefits.
 Risks: If the Department does not revise its ADA title III
regulations to address Web site accessibility, persons with
disabilities will continue to be unable to access the many goods and
services of public accommodations available on the Web to individuals
without disabilities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43460
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/24/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: See also RIN 1190-AA65 which was split from
this RIN of 1190-AA61.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA61

DOJ--CRT

93. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability; Movie Captioning and
Audio Description

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Following its advance notice of proposed rulemaking
published on July 26, 2010, the Department plans to publish a proposed
rule addressing the requirements for captioning and video description
of movies exhibited in movie theatres under title III of the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). Title III prohibits discrimination
on the basis of disability in the activities of places of public
accommodation (private entities whose operations affect commerce and
that fall into one of twelve categories listed in the ADA). 42 U.S.C.
12181-12189. Title III makes it unlawful for places of public
accommodation, such as movie theaters, to discriminate against
individuals with disabilities in the full and equal enjoyment of the
goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations
of a place of public accommodation (42 U.S.C. 12182[a]). Moreover,
title III prohibits places of public accommodation from affording an
unequal or lesser service to individuals or classes of individuals with
disabilities than is offered to other individuals (42 U.S.C.
12182(b)(1)(A)(ii)). Title III requires places of public accommodation
to take ``such steps as may be necessary to ensure that no individual
with a disability is excluded, denied services, segregated or otherwise
treated differently because of the absence of auxiliary aids and
services, such as captioning and video description, unless the entity
can demonstrate that taking such steps would fundamentally alter the
nature of the good, service, facility, privilege, advantage, or
accommodation being offered or would result in an undue burden,'' (42
U.S.C. 12182(b)(2)(A)(iii)).
 Statement of Need: A significant-and increasing-proportion of
Americans have hearing or vision disabilities that prevent them from
fully and effectively understanding movies without captioning or audio
description. For persons with hearing and vision disabilities, the
unavailability of captioned or audio-described movies inhibits their
ability to socialize and fully take part in family outings and deprives
them of the opportunity to meaningfully participate in an important
aspect of American culture. Many individuals with hearing or vision
disabilities who commented on the Department's 2010 ANPRM remarked that
they have not been able to enjoy a commercial movie unless they watched
it on TV, or that when they took their children to the movies they
could not understand what they were seeing or discuss what was
happening with their children. Today, more and more movies are produced
with captions and audio description. However, despite the underlying
ADA obligation, the advancement of digital technology and the
availability of captioned and audio-described films, many movie
theaters are still not exhibiting captioned or audio-described movies,
and when they do exhibit them, they are only for a few showings of a
movie, and usually at off-times. Recently, a number of theater
companies have committed to provide greater availability of captioning
and audio description. In some cases, these have been nationwide
commitments; in other cases it has only been in a particular State or
locality. A uniform Federal ADA requirement for captioning and audio
description is necessary to ensure that access to movies for persons
with hearing and vision disabilities is not dictated by the
individual's residence or the presence of litigation in their locality.
In addition, the movie theater industry is in the process of converting
its movie screens to use digital technology, and the Department
believes that it will be extremely helpful to provide timely guidance
on the ADA requirements for captioning and audio description so that
the industry may factor this into its conversion efforts and minimize
costs.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: The Department will consider any public comments that
propose achievable alternatives that will still accomplish the goal of
providing access to movies for persons with hearing and vision
disabilities. However, the Department believes that the baseline
alternative of not providing such access would be inconsistent with the
provisions of title III of the ADA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department's preliminary
analysis indicates that the proposed rule would not be ``economically
significant,'' that is, that the rule will not have an annual effect on
the economy of $100 million, or adversely affect in a material way the
economy, a sector of the economy, the environment, public health or
safety or State, local or tribal governments or communities. In the
NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public comment in response to
its preliminary analysis regarding the costs imposed by the rule.
 Risks: Without the proposed changes to the Department's title III
regulation, persons with hearing and vision disabilities will continue
to be denied access to movies shown in movie theaters and movie theater
owners and operators will not understand what they are required to do
in order to provide auxiliary aids and services to patrons with hearing
and vision disabilities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43467
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/24/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/01/14 79 FR 44975
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/08/14 79 FR 53146
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/30/14 .......................
NPRM Extended Comment Period End.... 12/01/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76571]]

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA63

DOJ--CRT

94. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability: Accessibility of Web

Information and Services of State and Local Governments

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 35.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department published an ANPRM on July 26, 2010, RIN
1190-AA61, that addressed issues relating to proposed revisions of both
the title II and title III ADA regulations in order to provide guidance
on the obligations of covered entities to make programs, services and
activities offered over the Web accessible to individuals with
disabilities. The Department has now divided the rulemakings in the
next step of the rulemaking process so as to proceed with separate
notices of proposed rulemakings for title II and title III. The title
III rulemaking on Web accessibility will continue under RIN 1190-AA61
and the title II rulemaking will continue under the new RIN 1190-AA65.
This rulemaking will provide specific guidance to State and local
governments in order to make services, programs, or activities offered
to the public via the Web accessible to individuals with disabilities.
The ADA requires that State and local governments provide qualified
individuals with disabilities equal access to their programs, services,
or activities unless doing so would fundamentally alter the nature of
their programs, services, or activities or would impose an undue
burden. 42. U.S.C. 12132. The Internet as it is known today did not
exist when Congress enacted the ADA; yet today the Internet is
dramatically changing the way that governmental entities serve the
public. Taking advantage of new technology, citizens can now use State
and local government Web sites to correspond online with local
officials; obtain information about government services; renew library
books or driver's licenses; pay fines; register to vote; obtain tax
information and file tax returns; apply for jobs or benefits; and
complete numerous other civic tasks. These Government Web sites are
important because they allow programs and services to be offered in a
more dynamic, interactive way in order to increase citizen
participation; increase convenience and speed in obtaining information
or services; reduce costs in providing information about Government
services and administering programs; reduce the amount of paperwork;
and expand the possibilities of reaching new sectors of the community
or offering new programs or services. Many States and localities have
begun to improve the accessibility of portions of their Web sites.
However, full compliance with the ADA's promise to provide an equal
opportunity for individuals with disabilities to participate in and
benefit from all aspects of the programs, services, and activities
provided by State and local governments in today's technologically
advanced society will only occur if it is clear to public entities that
their Web sites must be accessible. Consequently, the Department
intends to publish a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to amend its
title II regulations to expressly address the obligations of public
entities to make the Web sites they use to provide programs,
activities, or services or information to the public accessible to and
usable by individuals with disabilities under the legal framework
established by the ADA. The proposed regulation will propose the scope
of the obligation to provide accessibility when persons with
disabilities access public Web sites, as well as propose the technical
standards necessary to comply with the ADA.
 Statement of Need: Many people with disabilities use ``assistive
technology'' to enable them to use computers and access the Internet.
Individuals who are blind or have low vision who cannot see computer
monitors may use screen readers--devices that speak the text that would
normally appear on a monitor. People who have difficulty using a
computer mouse can use voice recognition software to control their
computers with verbal commands. People with other types of disabilities
may use still other kinds of assistive technology. New and innovative
assistive technologies are being introduced every day.
 Web sites that do not accommodate assistive technology, for
example, can create unnecessary barriers for people with disabilities,
just as buildings not designed to accommodate people with disabilities
prevent some individuals from entering and accessing services. Web
designers may not realize how simple features built into a Web site
will assist someone who, for instance, cannot see a computer monitor or
use a mouse. In addition, in many cases, these Web sites do not provide
captioning for videos or live events streamed over the web, leaving
persons who are deaf or hard of hearing unable to access the
information that is being provided. Although an increasing number of
State and local Governments are making efforts to provide accessible
Web sites, because there are no specific ADA standards for Web site
accessibility, these Web sites vary in actual usability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires that State and local
Governments provide qualified individuals with disabilities equal
access to their programs, services, or activities unless doing so would
fundamentally alter the nature of their programs, services, or
activities or would impose an undue burden. 42. U.S.C. 12132.
 Alternatives: The Department intends to consider various
alternatives for ensuring full access to Web sites of State and local
Governments and will solicit public comment addressing these
alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department anticipates that this
rule will be ``economically significant,'' that is, that the rule will
have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or adversely
affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, the
environment, public health or safety or State, local or tribal
Governments or communities. However, the Department believes that
revising its title II rule to clarify the obligations of State and
local Governments to provide accessible Web sites will significantly
increase the opportunities for citizens with disabilities to
participate in, and benefit from, State and local Government programs,
activities, and services. It will also ensure that individuals have
access to important information that is provided over the Internet,
including emergency information. The Department also believes that
providing accessible Web sites will benefit State and local Governments
as it will increase the numbers of citizens who can use these Web
sites, and thus improve the efficiency of delivery of services to the
public. In drafting this NPRM, the Department will attempt to minimize
the compliance costs to State and local Governments while ensuring the
benefits of compliance to persons with disabilities.

[[Page 76572]]

Risks: If the Department does not revise its ADA title II
regulations to address Web site accessibility, persons with
disabilities in many communities will continue to be unable to access
their State and local governmental services in the same manner
available to citizens without disabilities, and in some cases will not
be able to access those services at all.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43460
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/21/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Split from RIN 1190-AA61.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA65

DOJ--CRT

Final Rule Stage

95. Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Title II and
Title III of The ADA)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-325; 42 U.S.C. 12134(a); 42 U.S.C.
12186(b)
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 35; 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would propose to amend the Department's
regulations implementing title II and title III of the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA), 28 CFR part 35 and 28 CFR part 36, to implement
changes to the ADA enacted in the ADA Amendments Act of 2008, Public
Law 110-325, 122 Stat. 3553 (Sept. 25, 2008). The ADA Amendments Act
took effect on January 1, 2009.
 The ADA Amendments Act amended the Americans with Disabilities Act,
42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq., to clarify terms within the definition of
disability and to establish standards that must be applied to determine
if a person has a covered disability. These changes are intended to
mitigate the effects of the Supreme Court's decisions in Sutton v.
United Airlines, 527 U.S. 471 (1999), and Toyota Motor Manufacturing v.
Williams, 534, U.S. 184 (2002). Specifically, the ADA Amendments Act
(1) adds illustrative lists of ``major life activities,'' including
``major bodily functions,'' that provide more examples of covered
activities and covered conditions than are now contained in agency
regulations (sec. 3[2]); (2) clarifies that a person who is ``regarded
as'' having a disability does not have to be regarded as being
substantially limited in a major life activity (sec. 3[3]); and (3)
adds rules of construction regarding the definition of disability that
provide guidance in applying the term ``substantially limits'' and
prohibit consideration of mitigating measures in determining whether a
person has a disability (sec. 3[4]).
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to bring the Department's
ADA regulations into compliance with the ADA Amendments Act of 2008,
which became effective on January 1, 2009. In addition, this rule is
necessary to make the Department's ADA title II and title III
regulations consistent with the ADA title I regulations issued on March
25, 2011 by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
incorporating the ADA Amendments Act definition of disability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: In order to ensure consistency in application of the
ADA Amendments Act across titles I, II and III of the ADA, this rule is
intended to be consistent with the language of the EEOC's rule
implementing the ADA Amendments Act with respect to title I of the ADA
(employment). The Department will, however, consider alternative
regulatory language suggested by commenters so long as it maintains
that consistency.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 The Department's preliminary analysis indicates that the proposed
rule would not be ``economically significant,'' that is, the rule will
not have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or adversely
affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, the
environment, public health or safety or State, local or tribal
governments or communities. According to the Department's preliminary
analysis, it is anticipated that the rule will cost between $36.32
million and $61.8 million in the first year (the year with the highest
costs). The Department estimates that in the first year of the
implementation of the proposed rule, approximately 142,000 students
will take advantage of additional testing accommodations than otherwise
would have been able to without the changes made to the definition of
disability to conform to the ADA Amendments Act. The Department
believes that this will result in benefits for many of these
individuals in the form of significantly higher earnings potential. The
Department expects that the rule will also have significant non-
quantifiable benefits to persons with newly covered disabilities in
other contexts, such as benefits of non-exclusion from the programs,
services and activities of State and local governments and public
accommodations, and the benefits of access to reasonable modifications
of policies, practices and procedures to meet their needs in a variety
of contexts. In this NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public
comment in response to its preliminary analysis.
 Risks: The ADA authorizes the Attorney General to enforce the ADA
and to promulgate regulations implementing the law's requirements.
Failure to update the Department's regulations to conform to statutory
changes and to be consistent with the EEOC regulations under title I of
the ADA will interfere with the Department's enforcement efforts and
lead to confusion about the law's requirements among entities covered
by titles I, II and III of the ADA, as well as members of the public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/30/14 79 FR 4839
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/31/14
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA59
BILLING CODE 4410-BP-P


[[Page 76573]]

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

Fall 2014 Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Introduction

For over 100 years, the U.S. Department of Labor has been central
to safeguarding and expanding the American Dream for America's working
families. The Department's Fall 2014 Regulatory Agenda is driven by a
commitment to the basic bargain of America--if you work hard and play
by the rules and take responsibility for yourself and your family, you
can succeed in and climb the rungs of the middle class. There are many
components to Secretary Thomas E. Perez's opportunity agenda that are
reflected in the Department's regulatory agenda:
 training more people, including veterans and people with
disabilities, to have the skills they need for the in-demand jobs of
the 21st century;
 ensuring that people have the peace of mind that comes
with access to health care, retirement, and Federal workers'
compensation benefits when they need them;
 safeguarding a fair day's pay for a fair day's work for
all hardworking Americans, regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual
orientation, or gender identity;
 giving workers a voice in their workplaces; and
 protecting the safety and health of workers so they do not
have to risk their lives for a paycheck.
 The values embodied in the Department's regulatory agenda are
America's values. In developing the Department's regulatory agenda,
with a focus on strengthening our economy, the Department has sought
input and expertise from a broad cross section of American society,
including business leaders, workers, labor organizations, academics and
state and local officials. Expanding opportunity benefits all of us.
When the middle class is strong, our nation is strong.
 The Fall 2014 Regulatory Agenda reflects the Department's
commitment to rebuilding this strength through expanding opportunity.

The Department's Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Labor 2014 Regulatory Plan highlights the most
noteworthy and significant regulatory projects that will be undertaken
by its regulatory agencies: the Employee Benefits Security
Administration (EBSA), Employment and Training Administration (ETA),
Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA), Office of Federal
Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA), Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS),
Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP), Veterans' Employment
Service (VETS), and Wage and Hour Division (WHD). The initiatives and
priorities listed in the regulatory plan exemplify the five components
of the Secretary's opportunity agenda.

Training More People for Twenty-First Century Jobs

The Department's regulatory priorities reflect the Secretary's
vision for a demand-driven workforce investment system that serves the
needs of businesses and workers alike. For example:
 ETA seeks to develop and issue a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (NPRM) that implements the important changes made to the
public workforce system by the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
(WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128), which was signed by the President on July 22,
2014, replacing the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA). This NPRM
will help the Department implement WIOA, empowering the public
workforce system and its partners to increase employment, retention,
and earnings of participants, meet the skill requirements of employers,
and enhance the productivity and competitiveness of the nation.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (RIN: 1205-AB73).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ETA also proposes to update the National Apprenticeship
Act of 1937's equal opportunity regulations, which prohibit
discrimination in registered apprenticeship on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, and sex, and which require that
program sponsors take affirmative action to provide equal opportunity.
Most notably, the proposed rule would update equal opportunity
standards to include age (40 and older) and disability among the list
of protected bases. It would also strengthen the affirmative action
provisions by detailing mandatory actions that sponsors must take, and
by requiring affirmative action for individuals with disabilities.\2\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ Equal Employment Opportunity in Apprenticeship Amendment of
Regulations (RIN: 1205-AB59).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ensuring Access to Health Care, Retirement, and Workers' Compensation
Benefits

The Department is pursuing a regulatory program that is designed to
safeguard the retirement security of participants and beneficiaries by
protecting their rights and benefits under pension plans and by
encouraging, fostering, and promoting openness, transparency, and
communication with respect to the management and operations of such
plans. Examples include:
 EBSA's rulemaking to help assure workers' retirement
security by reducing harmful conflicts of interest in the retirement
savings marketplace so that the millions of plan sponsors, workers, and
retirees get the impartial advice they have a right to expect when they
rely on an adviser to help them invest their retirement savings. The
regulation would clarify the circumstances under which a person will be
considered a ``fiduciary'' when providing investment advice related to
retirement plans, individual retirement accounts, and other employee
benefit plans, and to participants, beneficiaries, and owners of such
plans and accounts.\3\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ Conflict of Interest Rule: Investment Advice (RIN: 1210-
AB32).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

EBSA continues to pursue initiatives to encourage the
offering of lifetime annuities or similar lifetime benefit distribution
options for participants and beneficiaries of defined contribution
plans. EBSA is developing a proposal relating to the presentation of a
participant's accrued benefits (account balance) as a lifetime income
stream of payments.\4\ EBSA is also developing proposed amendments to a
safe harbor regulation that will provide plan fiduciaries with more
certainty that they have discharged their obligations under section
404(a)(1)(B) of ERISA in selecting an annuity plan provider and
contract for benefit distributions from an individual account
retirement plan.\5\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ Pension Benefit Statement (RIN 1210-AB20).
 \5\ Selection of Annuity Providers--Safe Harbor for Individual
Account Plans (RIN: 1201-AB58).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

EBSA's regulatory program also includes initiatives involving
Annual Funding Notices \6\ and Standards for Brokerage Windows.\7\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ (RIN: 1210-AB18).
 \7\ (RIN: 1210-AB59).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, EBSA will continue to issue guidance implementing the
health reform provisions of the Affordable Care Act to help provide
better quality health care for America's workers and their families.
EBSA's regulations reduce discrimination in health coverage, promote
better access to quality coverage, and protect the ability of
individuals and businesses to keep their current health coverage. Many
regulations are joint rulemakings with the Departments of Health and
Human Services and the Treasury.

[[Page 76574]]

The Department also pursues regulations to ensure that Federal
workers' compensation benefits programs are fairly administered:
 OWCP plans to propose several modifications and
clarifications to the regulations implementing the Black Lung Benefits
Act, including a rule that addresses claimants' and coal mine
operators' responsibility to disclose medical evidence developed in
connection with a claim for benefits. In addition, the proposed
regulation would make several clarifications regarding reimbursement
rates for medical treatment, the modification procedure, evidence-
submission limits, and compensation payments.\8\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ Black Lung Benefits Act: Medical Evidence and Benefit
Payments (RIN: 1240-AA10).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Safeguarding Fair Pay for All Americans

The Department's regulatory agenda prioritizes ensuring that all
Americans receive a fair day's pay for a fair day's work, and are not
discriminated against with respect to hiring, employment, or benefits
on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
For example, WHD recently published a Final Rule to implement Executive
Order 13658, which the President signed in February 2014 to ensure that
certain Federal contractors pay a minimum wage of at least $10.10 per
hour beginning on January 1, 2015. Other notable proposals include:
 WHD plans to publish an NPRM proposing revisions to the
Fair Labor Standards Act's (FLSA's) overtime exemptions as directed by
a March 2014 Presidential Memorandum. The FLSA generally requires
covered employers to pay their employees at least the Federal minimum
wage for all hours worked, and one-and-one-half times their regular
rate of pay for hours worked in excess of 40 in a workweek
(``overtime''). However, there are a number of exemptions from the
FLSA's minimum wage and overtime requirements, including an exemption
for bona fide executive, administrative, or professional employees. The
President's Memorandum directed the Secretary to modernize and
streamline the existing overtime regulations for these ``white collar''
employees to ensure that hardworking middle-class workers are not
denied overtime protections that Congress intended.\9\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ Defining and Delimiting the Exemptions for Executive,
Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales, and Computer Employees
(RIN: 1235-AA11).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

WHD also plans to publish a Final Rule revising the
definition of ``spouse'' in the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) in
light of the United States Supreme Court's decision in United States v.
Windsor. This Department previously issued an NPRM proposing that
eligible employees in legal same-sex marriages may take unpaid, job-
protected leave to care for their spouse or family member, regardless
of whether their state of residence recognizes their same-sex
marriage.\10\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\10\ Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended (RIN:
1235-AA09).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP's rulemaking implementing Executive Order 13672,
signed by the President in July 2014 to amend Executive Order 11246,
ensures that Federal contractors do not engage in hiring or employment
discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The
Executive Order required the Department to prepare regulations within
90 days of the date of the Order to insert ``sexual orientation, gender
identity'' into identified paragraphs of section 2 of Executive Order
11246.\11\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\11\ Implementation of Executive Order 13672 Prohibiting
Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity by
Contractors and Subcontractors (RIN: 1250-AA07).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP plans to issue a Final Rule pursuant to a
Presidential Memorandum directing the Department to require Federal
contractors and subcontractors to submit summary data on the
compensation paid to their employees. The use of this sort of ``Equal
Pay Report'' is one component of a larger strategy to address the
reality that, despite five decades of extraordinary legal and social
progress, working women still earn only 78 cents for every dollar that
working men earn, and the amount is even less for African American
women and Latinas. The new rule will enable OFCCP to direct its
enforcement resources toward Federal contractors whose summary data
indicate potential pay disparities, while reducing the likelihood of
reviewing companies that are in compliance with anti-discrimination
laws.\12\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\12\ Requirement to Report Summary Data on Employee Compensation
(RIN: 1250-AA03).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP also continues to pursue an initiative on Construction
Contractor Affirmative Action Requirements.\13\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\13\ (RIN: 1250-AA01).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Giving Workers a Voice in Their Workplaces

The Department's regulatory program also promotes policies that
give workers a voice in their workplaces, including by ensuring that
workers have information that is critical to their effective
participation in the workplace. Two key examples include:
 OFCCP plans to issue a Final Rule implementing Executive
Order 13665, which the President signed on April 8, 2014, prohibiting
discrimination by Federal contractors and subcontractors against
certain of their employees for disclosing compensation information.
This Executive Order was intended to address policies inhibiting
workers' ability to advocate for themselves about their pay and
prohibiting employee conversations about compensation. Such policies
can serve as a significant barrier to Federal enforcement of the laws
against compensation discrimination.\14\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\14\ Prohibitions Against Pay Secrecy Policies and Actions (RIN:
1250-AA06).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OLMS plans to publish a Final Rule following an NPRM that
proposed regulations to better implement the public disclosure
objectives of the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA)
in situations where an employer engages a consultant in order to
persuade employees concerning their rights to organize and bargain
collectively. Workers are better able to make an informed choice about
representation when they have the necessary information about
arrangements that have been made by their employer to persuade them
whether or not to form, join, or assist a union. While the LMRDA
requires employers to file reports of any agreement or arrangement with
a consultant to persuade employees concerning their rights to organize
and collectively bargain, the statute provides an exception for
consultants giving or agreeing to give ``advice'' to the employer. The
Department's NPRM reconsidered the current policy concerning the scope
of the ``advice'' exception.\15\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\15\ Persuader Agreements: Employer and Labor Relations
Consultant Reporting Under the LMRDA (RIN: 1245-AA03).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Protecting the Safety and Health of Workers

The Department's regulatory agenda prioritizes efforts to protect
the safety and health of workers so they do not have to risk their
lives for a paycheck. These efforts encompass protecting workers in all
workplaces, including above- and below-ground coal and metal/nonmetal
mines, in addition to efforts to ensure that benefits programs are
available to workers and their families when they are injured on the
job. Notable examples of these efforts include:
 OSHA continues to pursue regulations aimed at curbing lung
cancer, silicosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and kidney
disease in America's workers by lowering worker exposure to crystalline
silica, which kills hundreds and sickens thousands more each year. OSHA

[[Page 76575]]

estimates that the proposed rule would ultimately save nearly 700 lives
and prevent 1,600 new cases of silicosis annually. After publishing a
proposed rule in September 2013, OSHA received over 1,700 comments from
the public on the proposed rule, and over 200 stakeholders provided
testimony during public hearings on the proposal. In the coming months,
the agency will review and consider the evidence in the rulemaking
record. Based upon this review, OSHA will determine an appropriate
course of action with regard to workplace exposure to respirable
crystalline silica.\16\ As a part of the Secretary's strategy for
securing safe and healthy work environments, MSHA will utilize
information provided by OSHA to undertake regulatory action related to
silica exposure in mines.\17\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\16\ Occupational Exposure to Crystalline Silica (RIN: 1218-
AB70).
 \17\ Respirable Crystalline Silica Standard (RIN: 1219-AB36).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA is considering the need for regulatory action to
address the risk to workers exposed to infectious diseases in
healthcare and other related high-risk environments. Especially given
recent events necessitating the careful treatment of individuals with
life-threatening infectious diseases, OSHA is concerned about the risk
posed to healthcare workers with the movement of healthcare delivery
from the traditional hospital setting into more diverse and smaller
workplace settings. The Agency initiated the Small Business Regulatory
Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA) Panel process in the spring of
2014.\18\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\18\ Infectious Diseases (RIN: 1218-AC46).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA is developing a Final Rule exploring a requirement
for employers to electronically submit data required by agency
regulations governing the Recording and Reporting of Occupational
Injuries. An updated and modernized reporting system would enable a
more efficient and timely collection of data and would improve the
accuracy and availability of relevant records and statistics, in
addition to leveraging data already maintained electronically by many
large employers.\19\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\19\ Improve Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses (RIN:
1218-AC49).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MSHA plans to issue a Final Rule that would build upon a
proposed rule to address the danger that miners face when working near
continuous mining machines in underground coal mines. From 1984 through
2014, there have been 35 fatalities resulting from pinning, crushing or
striking accidents involving continuous mining machines--the types of
accidents that proximity detection technology can prevent. The proposed
rule would reduce the potential for such hazards.\20\ MSHA also plans
to publish a proposed rule that would require underground mine
operators to equip certain mobile machines with proximity detection
systems.\21\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\20\ Proximity Detection Systems for Continuous Mining Machines
in Underground Coal Mines (RIN: 1219-AB65).
 \21\ Proximity Detection Systems for Mobile Machines in
Underground Mines (RIN: 1219-AB78).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA's regulatory program also includes initiatives involving
Injury and Illness Prevention Programs,\22\ Occupational Exposure to
Beryllium,\23\ Preventing Backover Injuries and Fatalities,\24\ and
various Whistleblower regulations.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\22\ (RIN: 1218-AC48).
 \23\ (RIN: 1218-AB76).
 \24\ (RIN: 1218-AC51).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Review and Burden Reduction

On January 18, 2011, the President issued Executive Order (E.O.)
13563 entitled ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review.'' The E.O.
aims to strike the right balance between protecting the health,
welfare, safety, and the environment for all Americans--a goal at the
core of the Labor Department's mission--while fostering economic
growth, job creation, and competitiveness. The Department's Fall 2014
Regulatory Agenda also aims to achieve more efficient and less
burdensome regulations through a retrospective review of the Labor
Department regulations.
 In August 2011, as part of a governmentwide response to E.O. 13563,
the Department published its ``Plan for Retrospective Analysis of
Existing Rules.'' This plan, and each subsequent update, can be found
at www.dol.gov/regulations/. The Department's Fall 2014 Agenda includes
12 retrospective review projects, which are listed below pursuant to
section 6 of E.O. 13563. More information about completed rulemakings
no longer included in the plan can be found on Reginfo.gov.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Whether it is expected to
 Agency Regulatory Identifier Title of rulemaking significantly reduce burdens
on
 No. small businesses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
EBSA................ 1210-AB47............... Amendment of Abandoned Plan Yes.
 Program.
EBSA................ 1210-AB63............... 21st Century Initiative to No.
 Modernize the Form 5500
 Series and Implementing
 and Related Regulations.
ETA................. 1205-AB59............... Equal Employment To Be Determined.

 Opportunity in
 Apprenticeship and
 Training, Amendment of
 Regulations.
ETA................. 1205-AB62............... Implementation of Total No.
 Unemployment Rate Extended
 Benefits Trigger and
 Rounding Rule.
MSHA................ 1219-AB72............... Criteria and Procedures for To Be
Determined.
 Proposed Assessment of
 Civil Penalties (Part 100).
OFCCP............... 1250-AA05............... Sex Discrimination To Be
Determined.
 Guidelines.
OSHA................ 1218-AC34............... Bloodborne Pathogens....... No.
OSHA................ 1218-AC67............... Standard Improvement Yes.
 Project_Phase IV (SIP IV).
OSHA................ 1218-AC74............... Review/Lookback of OSHA To Be
Determined.
 Chemical Standards.
OSHA................ 1218-AC81............... Cranes and Derricks in To Be
Determined.
 Construction: Amendments.
OSHA................ 1218-AC82............... Process Safety Management To Be
Determined.
 and Flammable Liquids.
OSHA................ 1218-AC49............... Improve Tracking of To Be
Determined.
 Workplace Injuries and
 Illnesses.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

[[Page 76576]]

DOL--EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION (ETA)

Proposed Rule Stage

96. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 503(f) of the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act (Pub. L. 113-128)
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 18, 2015, Public Law 113-
128.
 Final, Statutory, January 18, 2016.
 Abstract: On July 22, 2014, the President signed the Workforce
Innovation Opportunity Act (WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128). WIOA repeals the
Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA). (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) The
Department of Labor must develop and issue a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (NPRM) that proposes to implement the changes WIOA makes to
the public workforce system in regulations. Through the NPRM, the
Department will propose ways to carry out the purposes of WIOA to
provide workforce investment activities, through State and local
workforce development systems, that increase employment, retention, and
earnings of participants, meet the skill requirements of employers, and
enhance the productivity and competitiveness of the Nation.
 Statement of Need: On July 22, 2014, the President signed the
Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act (WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128) into law.
WIOA repeals the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA) (29 U.S.C. 2801
et seq.) As a result, the WIA regulations no longer reflect current law
and we must change. Therefore, the Department of Labor seeks to develop
and issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that proposes to
implement the WIOA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act
(WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128), signed by the President on July 22, 2014.
Section 503(f) of WIOA requires that the Department issue a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and then Final Rule that implements the
changes WIOA makes to the public workforce system in regulations.
 Alternatives: Since Congress statutorily directed the Department of
Labor to issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and Final Rule
that implements the changes WIOA makes to the public workforce system
there is no alternative.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Undetermined.
 Risks: Undetermined.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Portia Wu, Assistant Secretary for Employment and
Training, Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration,
200 Constitution Avenue NW., FP Building, Washington, DC 20210, Phone:
202 639-2700.
 RIN: 1205-AB73

DOL--MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION (MSHA)

Proposed Rule Stage

97. Respirable Crystalline Silica

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811
 CFR Citation: 30 CFR 58.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Current standards limit exposures to quartz (crystalline
silica) in respirable dust. The metal and nonmetal mining industry
standard is based on the 1973 American Conference of Governmental
Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) Threshold Limit Values formula: 10 mg/m3
divided by the percentage of quartz plus 2. Overexposure to crystalline
silica can result in some miners developing silicosis, an irreversible
but preventable lung disease, which ultimately may be fatal. The
formula is designed to limit exposures to 0.1 mg/m3 (100 ug/m3) of
silica. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health
(NIOSH) recommends a 50 ug/m3 exposure limit for respirable crystalline
silica. MSHA will publish a proposed rule to address miners' exposure
to respirable crystalline silica.
 Statement of Need: MSHA standards are outdated; current regulations
may not protect workers from developing silicosis. Evidence indicates
that miners continue to develop silicosis. MSHA's proposed regulatory
action exemplifies the Agency's commitment to protecting the most
vulnerable populations while assuring broad-based compliance. MSHA will
regulate based on sound science to eliminate or reduce the hazards with
the broadest and most serious consequences. MSHA intends to use OSHA's
work on the health effects and risk assessment, adapting it as
necessary for the mining industry.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking would improve health protection from
that afforded by the existing standards. MSHA will consider alternative
methods of addressing miners' exposures based on the capabilities of
the sampling and analytical methods.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will prepare estimates of the
anticipated costs and benefits associated with the proposed rule.
 Risks: For over 70 years, toxicology information and
epidemiological studies have shown that exposure to respirable
crystalline silica presents potential health risks to miners. These
potential adverse health effects include simple silicosis and
progressive massive fibrosis (lung scarring). Evidence indicates that
exposure to silica may cause cancer. MSHA believes that the health
evidence forms a reasonable basis for reducing miners' exposures to
respirable crystalline silica.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety
and Health Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington,
VA 22209, Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 RIN: 1219-AB36

DOL--MSHA

98. Criteria and Procedures for Proposed Assessment of Civil Penalties

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 815; 30 U.S.C. 820; 30 U.S.C. 957

[[Page 76577]]

CFR Citation: 30 CFR 100.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) revise the
process for proposing civil penalties. The assessment of civil
penalties is a key component in MSHA's strategy to enforce safety and
health standards. The Congress intended that the imposition of civil
penalties would induce mine operators to be proactive in their approach
to mine safety and health, and take necessary action to prevent safety
and health hazards before they occur. MSHA believes that the procedures
for assessing civil penalties can be revised to improve the efficiency
of the Agency's efforts and to facilitate the resolution of enforcement
issues.
 Statement of Need: Section 110(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and
Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act) requires MSHA to assess a civil penalty
for a violation of a mandatory health or safety standard or violation
of any provision of the Mine Act. The mine operator has 30 days from
receipt of the proposed assessment to contest it before the Federal
Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (Commission), an independent
adjudicatory agency established under the Mine Act. A proposed
assessment that is not contested within 30 days becomes a final order
of the Commission. A proposed assessment that is contested within 30
days proceeds to the Commission for adjudication. The proposed rule
would promote consistency, objectivity, and efficiency in the proposed
assessment of civil penalties. When issuing citations or orders,
inspectors are required to evaluate safety and health conditions, and
make decisions about the statutory criteria related to assessing
penalties. The proposed changes in the measures of the evaluation
criteria would result in fewer areas of disagreement and earlier
resolution of enforcement issues. The proposal would require conforming
changes to the Mine Citation/Order form (MSHA Form 7000-3).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 104 of the Mine Act requires MSHA
to issue citations or orders to mine operators for any violations of a
mandatory health or safety standard, rule, order, or regulation
promulgated under the Mine Act. Sections 105 and 110 of the Mine Act
provide for assessment of these penalties.
 Alternatives: The proposal would include several alternatives in
the preamble and requests comments on them.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA's proposed rule includes an
estimate of the anticipated costs and benefits.
 Risks: MSHA's existing procedures for assessing civil penalties can
be revised to improve the efficiency of the Agency's efforts and to
facilitate the resolution of enforcement issues. In the overwhelming
majority of contested cases before the Commission, the issue is not
whether a violation occurred. Rather, the parties disagree on the
gravity of the violation, the degree of mine operator negligence, and
other criterion. The proposed changes should result in fewer areas of
disagreement and earlier resolution of enforcement issues, which should
result in fewer contests of violations or proposed assessments.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/31/14 79 FR 44494
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/29/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/16/14 79 FR 55408
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 12/03/14 .......................
NPRM Notice of Public Hearings, 11/07/14 79 FR 66345
 Close of Comment Period.
NPRM Notice of Public Hearings, 01/09/15 .......................
 Close of Comment Period End.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety
and Health Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington,
VA 22209, Phone: 202-693-9440, Fax: 202-693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 RIN: 1219-AB72

DOL--MSHA

99. Proximity Detection Systems for Mobile Machines in Underground
Mines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) will develop
a proposed rule to address the hazards that miners face when working
near mobile equipment in underground mines. MSHA has concluded, from
investigations of accidents involving mobile equipment and other
reports, that action is needed to protect miner safety. Mobile
equipment can pin, crush, or strike a miner working near the equipment.
Proximity detection technology can prevent these types of accidents.
The proposed rule would strengthen the protection for underground
miners by reducing the potential of pinning, crushing, or striking
hazards associated with working close to mobile equipment.
 Statement of Need: Mining is one of the most hazardous industries
in this country. Miners continue to be injured or killed resulting from
pinning, crushing, or striking accidents involving mobile equipment.
Equipment is available to help prevent accidents that cause
debilitating injuries and accidental death.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as
amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006.
 Alternatives: No reasonable alternatives to this regulation would
be as comprehensive or as effective in eliminating hazards and
preventing injuries.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will develop a preliminary
regulatory economic analysis to accompany the proposed rule.
 Risks: The lack of proximity detection systems on mobile equipment
in underground mines contributes to a higher incidence of debilitating
injuries and accidental deaths.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information............. 02/01/10 75 FR 5009
RFI Comment Period Ended............ 04/02/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards,

[[Page 76578]]

Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety and Health
Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington, VA 22209,
Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1219-AB65
 RIN: 1219-AB78

DOL--MSHA

Final Rule Stage

100. Proximity Detection Systems for Continuous Mining Machines in
Underground Coal Mines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811.
 CFR Citation: 30 CFR 75.1732.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule addresses hazards that miners face when
working near continuous mining machines in underground coal mines. Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) has concluded, from
investigations of accidents involving continuous mining machines and
other reports, that action is necessary to protect miners. Continuous
mining machines can pin, crush, or strike a miner working near the
equipment. Proximity detection technology can prevent these types of
accidents. The final rule would strengthen the protection for
underground coal miners by reducing the potential of pinning, crushing,
or striking hazards associated with working close to continuous mining
machines.
 Statement of Need: Mining is one of the most hazardous industries
in this country. Miners continue to be injured or killed resulting from
pinning, crushing, or striking accidents involving mobile equipment.
Equipment is available to help prevent accidents that cause
debilitating injuries and accidental death.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as
amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006.
 Alternatives: No reasonable alternatives to this regulation would
be as comprehensive or as effective in eliminating hazards and
preventing injuries.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will develop a regulatory
economic analysis to accompany the final rule.
 Risks: The lack of proximity detection systems on continuous mining
machines in underground coal mines contributes to a higher incidence of
debilitating injuries and accidental deaths.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information (RFI)....... 02/01/10 75 FR 5009
RFI Comment Period Ended............ 04/02/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/31/11 76 FR 54163
Notice of Public Hearing............ 10/12/11 76 FR 63238
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/14/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/reginfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety and Health
Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington, VA 22209,
Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1219-AB78
 RIN: 1219-AB65

DOL--OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION (OSHA)

Prerule Stage

101. Infectious Diseases

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 533; 29 U.S.C. 657 and 658; 29 U.S.C.
660; 29 U.S.C. 666; 29 U.S.C. 669; 29 U.S.C. 673; ...
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1910.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Employees in health care and other high-risk environments
face long-standing infectious disease hazards such as tuberculosis
(TB), varicella disease (chickenpox, shingles), and measles (rubeola),
as well as new and emerging infectious disease threats, such as Severe
Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and pandemic influenza. Health care
workers and workers in related occupations, or who are exposed in other
high-risk environments, are at increased risk of contracting TB, SARS,
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and other
infectious diseases that can be transmitted through a variety of
exposure routes. OSHA is concerned about the ability of employees to
continue to provide health care and other critical services without
unreasonably jeopardizing their health. OSHA is considering the need
for a standard to ensure that employers establish a comprehensive
infection control program and control measures to protect employees
from infectious disease exposures to pathogens that can cause
significant disease. Workplaces where such control measures might be
necessary include: Health care, emergency response, correctional
facilities, homeless shelters, drug treatment programs, and other
occupational settings where employees can be at increased risk of
exposure to potentially infectious people. A standard could also apply
to laboratories, which handle materials that may be a source of
pathogens, and to pathologists, coroners' offices, medical examiners,
and mortuaries.
 Statement of Need: In 2007, the healthcare and social assistance
sector as a whole had 16.5 million employees. Healthcare workplaces can
range from small private practices of physicians to hospitals that
employ thousands of workers. In addition, healthcare is increasingly
being provided in other settings such as nursing homes, free-standing
surgical and outpatient centers, emergency care clinics, patients'
homes, and prehospitalization emergency care settings. The Agency is
particularly concerned by studies that indicate that transmission of
infectious diseases to both patients and healthcare workers may be
occurring as a result of incomplete adherence to recognized, but
voluntary, infection control measures. Another concern is the movement
of healthcare delivery from the traditional hospital setting, with its
greater infrastructure and resources to effectively implement infection
control measures, into more diverse and smaller workplace settings with
less infrastructure and fewer resources, but with an expanding worker
population.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Occupational Safety and Health Act of
1970 authorizes the Secretary of Labor to set mandatory occupational
safety and health standards to assure safe and healthful working
conditions for working men and women (29 U.S.C. 651).
 Alternatives: The alternative to the proposed rulemaking would be
to take no regulatory action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimates of the costs and
benefits are still under development.
 Risks: Analysis of risks is still under development.

[[Page 76579]]

Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information (RFI)....... 05/06/10 75 FR 24835
RFI Comment Period End.............. 08/04/10 .......................
Analyze Comments.................... 12/30/10 .......................
Stakeholder Meetings................ 07/29/11 .......................
Initiate SBREFA..................... 06/04/14 .......................
Complete SBREFA..................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: William Perry, Director, Directorate of Standards
and Guidance, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-3718, Washington,
DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-1950, Fax: 202 693-1678, Email:
perry.bill@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AC46

DOL--OSHA

Proposed Rule Stage

102. Occupational Exposure to Crystalline Silica

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 655(b); 29 U.S.C. 657
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1910; 29 CFR 1915; 29 CFR 1917; 29 CFR 1918;
29 CFR 1926.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Crystalline silica is a significant component of the
earth's crust, and many workers in a wide range of industries are
exposed to it, usually in the form of respirable quartz or, less
frequently, cristobalite. Chronic silicosis is a uniquely occupational
disease resulting from exposure of employees over long periods of time
(10 years or more). Exposure to high levels of respirable crystalline
silica causes acute or accelerated forms of silicosis that are
ultimately fatal. The current OSHA permissible exposure limit (PEL) for
general industry is based on a formula proposed by the American
Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) in 1968 (PEL =
10mg/cubic meter/(% silica + 2), as respirable dust). The current PEL
for construction and shipyards (derived from ACGIH's 1970 Threshold
Limit Value) is based on particle counting technology, which is
considered obsolete. NIOSH and ACGIH recommend 50[mu]g/m3 and 25[mu]g/
m3 exposure limits, respectively, for respirable crystalline silica.
 Both industry and worker groups have recognized that a
comprehensive standard for crystalline silica is needed to provide for
exposure monitoring, medical surveillance, and worker training. ASTM
International has published recommended standards for addressing the
hazards of crystalline silica. The Building Construction Trades
Department of the AFL-CIO has also developed a recommended
comprehensive program standard. These standards include provisions for
methods of compliance, exposure monitoring, training, and medical
surveillance.
 The NPRM was published on September 12, 2013. OSHA received over
1,700 comments from the public on the proposed rule, and over 200
stakeholders provided testimony during public hearings on the proposal.
In the coming months, the agency will review and consider the evidence
in the rulemaking record. Based upon this review, OSHA will determine
an appropriate course of action with regard to workplace exposure to
respirable crystalline silica.
 Statement of Need: Workers are exposed to crystalline silica dust
in general industry, construction, and maritime industries. Industries
that could be particularly affected by a standard for crystalline
silica include: Foundries, industries that have abrasive blasting
operations, paint manufacture, glass and concrete product manufacture,
brick making, china and pottery manufacture, manufacture of plumbing
fixtures, and many construction activities including highway repair,
masonry, concrete work, rock drilling, and tuckpointing. The
seriousness of the health hazards associated with silica exposure is
demonstrated by the fatalities and disabling illnesses that continue to
occur. From 2006 to 2010 silicosis was identified on 617 death
certificates as an underlying or contributing cause of death. It is
likely that many more cases have occurred where silicosis went
undetected. In addition, the International Agency for Research on
Cancer has designated crystalline silica as carcinogenic to humans, and
the National Toxicology Program has concluded that respirable
crystalline silica is a known human carcinogen. Exposure to crystalline
silica has also been associated with an increased risk of developing
tuberculosis and other nonmalignant respiratory diseases, as well as
renal and autoimmune diseases. Exposure studies and OSHA enforcement
data indicate that some workers continue to be exposed to levels of
crystalline silica far in excess of current exposure limits. Congress
has included compensation of silicosis victims on Federal nuclear
testing sites in the Energy Employees' Occupational Illness
Compensation Program Act of 2000. There is a particular need for the
Agency to modernize its exposure limits for construction and shipyard
workers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for the proposed rule is a
preliminary determination that workers are exposed to a significant
risk of silicosis and other serious disease, and that rulemaking is
needed to substantially reduce the risk. In addition, the proposed rule
will recognize that the PELs for construction and maritime are
outdated, and need to be revised to reflect current sampling and
analytical technologies.
 Alternatives: Over the past several years, the Agency has attempted
to address this problem through a variety of non-regulatory approaches,
including initiation of a Special Emphasis Program on silica in October
1997, sponsorship with NIOSH and MSHA of the National Conference to
Eliminate Silicosis, and dissemination of guidance information on its
Web site.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The scope of the proposed rulemaking
and estimates of the costs and benefits are still under development.
 Risks: A detailed risk analysis is under way.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Completed SBREFA Report............. 12/19/03 .......................
Initiated Peer Review of Health 05/22/09 .......................
 Effects and Risk Assessment.
Completed Peer Review............... 01/24/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 09/12/13 78 FR 56274
NPRM Comment Period Extended; Notice 10/31/13 78 FR 65242
 of Intention to Appear at Pub
 Hearing; Scheduling Pub Hearing.
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 01/29/14 79 FR 4641

[[Page 76580]]


Informal Public Hearing............. 03/18/14 .......................
Post Hearing Briefs Ends............ 08/18/14 .......................
Analyze Comments.................... 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in E.O. 13132.
 Agency Contact: William Perry, Director, Directorate of Standards
and Guidance, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-3718, Washington,
DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-1950, Fax: 202 693-1678, Email:
perry.bill@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AB70

DOL--OSHA

Final Rule Stage

103. Improve Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 657
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1904.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is
making changes to its reporting system for occupational injuries and
illnesses. An updated and modernized reporting system would enable a
more efficient and timely collection of data, and would improve the
accuracy and availability of the relevant records and statistics. This
rulemaking involves modification to 29 CFR part 1904.41 to expand
OSHA's legal authority to collect and make available injury and illness
information required under part 1904.
 Statement of Need: The collection of establishment specific injury
and illness data in electronic format on a timely basis is needed to
help OSHA, employers, employees, researchers, and the public more
effectively prevent workplace injuries and illnesses, as well as
support President Obama's Open Government Initiative to increase the
ability of the public to easily find, download, and use the resulting
dataset generated and held by the Federal Government.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Occupational Safety and Health Act of
1970 authorizes the Secretary of Labor to develop and maintain an
effective program of collection, compilation, and analysis of
occupational safety and health statistics (29 U.S.C. 673).
 Alternatives: The alternative to the proposed rulemaking would be
to take no regulatory action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimates of the costs and
benefits are still under development.
 Risks: Analysis of risks is still under development.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stakeholder Meetings................ 05/25/10 75 FR 24505
Comment Period End.................. 06/18/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 11/08/13 78 FR 67253
Notice of Public Meeting............ 11/15/13 78 FR 68782
Public Meeting...................... 01/09/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 08/14/14 79 FR 47605
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/14/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Francis Yebesi, Acting Director, Directorate of
Evaluation and Analysis, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and
Health Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., FP Bld, Rm N-3641,
Washington, DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-2400, Fax: 202 693-1641, Email:
yebesi.francis@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AC49
BILLING CODE 4510-04-P

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (DOT)

Introduction: Department Overview and Summary of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Transportation (DOT) consists of 9 operating
administrations and the Office of the Secretary, each of which has
statutory responsibility for a wide range of regulations. DOT regulates
safety in the aviation, motor carrier, railroad, motor vehicle,
commercial space, public transportation, and pipeline transportation
areas. DOT also regulates aviation consumer and economic issues and
provides financial assistance for programs involving highways,
airports, public transportation, the maritime industry, railroads, and
motor vehicle safety. In addition, the Department writes regulations to
carry out a variety of statutes ranging from the Americans With
Disabilities Act to the Uniform Time Act. Finally, DOT develops and
implements a wide range of regulations that govern internal DOT
programs such as acquisitions and grants, access for the disabled,
environmental protection, energy conservation, information technology,
occupational safety and health, property asset management, seismic
safety, and the use of aircraft and vehicles.

The Department's Regulatory Priorities

The Department's regulatory priorities respond to the challenges
and opportunities we face. Our mission generally is as follows:
 The national objectives of general welfare, economic growth and
stability, and the security of the United States require the
development of transportation policies and programs that contribute to
providing fast, safe, efficient, and convenient transportation at the
lowest cost consistent with those and other national objectives,
including the efficient use and conservation of the resources of the
United States.
 To help us achieve our mission, we have five goals in the
Department's Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2012-2016:
 Safety: Improve safety by ``reducing transportation-
related fatalities and injuries.''
 State of Good Repair: Improve the condition of our
Nation's transportation infrastructure.
 Economic Competitiveness: Foster ``smart strategic
investments that will serve the traveling public and facilitate freight
movements.''
 Quality of Life: Foster through ``coordinated, place-based
policies and investments that increase transportation choices and
access to transportation services.''
 Environmental Sustainability: Advance environmental
sustainability ``through strategies such as fuel economy standards for
cars and trucks, more environmentally sound construction and
operational practices, and by expanding opportunities for shifting
freight from less fuel-efficient modes to more fuel-efficient modes.''
 In identifying our regulatory priorities for the next year, the
Department considered its mission and goals and focused on a number of
factors, including the following:
 The relative risk being addressed.
 Requirements imposed by statute or other law.
 Actions on the National Transportation Safety Board ``Most
Wanted List''.
 The costs and benefits of the regulations.

[[Page 76581]]

The advantages of nonregulatory alternatives.
 Opportunities for deregulatory action.
 The enforceability of any rule, including the effect on
agency resources.
 This regulatory plan identifies the Department's regulatory
priorities--the 17 pending rulemakings chosen, from among the dozens of
significant rulemakings listed in the Department's broader regulatory
agenda, that the Department believes will merit special attention in
the upcoming year. The rules included in the regulatory plan embody the
Department's focus on our strategic goals.
 The regulatory plan reflects the Department's primary focus on
safety--a focus that extends across several modes of transportation.
For example:
 The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) will continue
its efforts to implement safety management systems.
 The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA)
continues its work to strengthen the requirements for Electronic
Logging Devices and revise motor carrier safety fitness procedures.
 The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA)
will continue its rulemaking efforts to reduce death and injury
resulting from incidents involving motorcoaches.
 Each of the rulemakings in the regulatory plan is described below
in detail. In order to place them in context, we first review the
Department's regulatory philosophy and our initiatives to educate and
inform the public about transportation safety issues. We then describe
the role of the Department's retrospective reviews and its regulatory
process and other important regulatory initiatives of OST and of each
of the Department's components. Since each transportation ``mode''
within the Department has its own area of focus, we summarize the
regulatory priorities of each mode and of OST, which supervises and
coordinates modal initiatives and has its own regulatory
responsibilities, such as consumer protection in the aviation industry.
The Department's Regulatory Philosophy and Initiatives
 The Department has adopted a regulatory philosophy that applies to
all its rulemaking activities. This philosophy is articulated as
follows: DOT regulations must be clear, simple, timely, fair,
reasonable, and necessary. They will be issued only after an
appropriate opportunity for public comment, which must provide an equal
chance for all affected interests to participate, and after appropriate
consultation with other governmental entities. The Department will
fully consider the comments received. It will assess the risks
addressed by the rules and their costs and benefits, including the
cumulative effects. The Department will consider appropriate
alternatives, including nonregulatory approaches. It will also make
every effort to ensure that regulation does not impose unreasonable
mandates.
 The Department stresses the importance of conducting high-quality
rulemakings in a timely manner and reducing the number of old
rulemakings. To implement this, the Department has required the
following actions: (1) Regular meetings of senior DOT officials to
ensure effective policy leadership and timely decisions, (2) effective
tracking and coordination of rulemakings, (3) regular reporting, (4)
early briefings of interested officials, (5) regular training of staff,
and (6) adequate allocations of resources. The Department has achieved
significant success because of this effort. It allows the Department to
use its resources more effectively and efficiently.
 The Department's regulatory policies and procedures provide a
comprehensive internal management and review process for new and
existing regulations and ensure that the Secretary and other
appropriate appointed officials review and concur in all significant
DOT rules. DOT continually seeks to improve its regulatory process. A
few examples include: The Department's development of regulatory
process and related training courses for its employees; creation of an
electronic rulemaking tracking and coordination system; the use of
direct final rulemaking; the use of regulatory negotiation; a
continually expanding and improved Internet page that provides
important regulatory information, including ``effects'' reports and
status reports (http://www.dot.gov/regulations); and the continued
exploration and use of Internet blogs and other Web 2.0 technology to
increase and enhance public participation in its rulemaking process.
 In addition, the Department continues to engage in a wide variety
of activities to help cement the partnerships between its agencies and
its customers that will produce good results for transportation
programs and safety. The Department's agencies also have established a
number of continuing partnership mechanisms in the form of rulemaking
advisory committees.

The Department's Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

In accordance with Executive Order (E.O.) 13563 (Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review), the Department actively engaged in a
special retrospective review of our existing rules to determine whether
they need to be revised or revoked. This review was in addition to
those reviews in accordance with section 610 of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act, E.O. 12866, and the Department's Regulatory Policies
and Procedures. As part of this effort, we also reviewed our processes
for determining what rules to review and ensuring that the rules are
effectively reviewed. As a result of the review, we identified many
rules for expedited review and changes to our retrospective review
process. Pursuant to section 6 of E.O. 13563, the following Regulatory
Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated with
retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. If a retrospective review action has been completed it will no
longer appear on the list below. However, more information can be found
about these completed rulemakings on the Unified Agenda publications at
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency
retrospective review plan can be found at http://www.dot.gov/regulations.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly reduces
 RIN Rulemaking title costs on small
 businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. 2105-AE29................ Transportation
 Services for
 Individuals
 with
 Disabilities:
 Over-the-Road
 Buses (RRR).

[[Page 76582]]


2. 2120-AJ90................ Effective Tether
 System (Tether
 Rule) (RRR).
3. 2120-AJ94................ Enhanced Flight
 Vision System
 (EFVS) (RRR).
4. 2120-AK24................ Fuel Tank and
 System
 Lightning
 Protection
 (RRR).
5. 2120-AK28................ Aviation
 Training
 Devices; Pilot
 Certification,
 Training, and
 Pilot Schools;
 Other
 Provisions
 (RRR).
6. 2120-AK32................ Acceptance
 Criteria for
 Portable Oxygen
 Concentrators
 Used Onboard
 Aircraft (RRR).
7. 2120-AK34................ Flammability
 Requirements
 for Transport
 Category
 Airplanes (RRR).
8. 2120-AK40................ Elimination of
 the Air Traffic
 Control Tower
 Operator
 Certificate for
 Controllers Who
 Hold a Federal
 Aviation
 Administration
 Credential With
 a Tower Rating
 (RRR).
9. 2120-AK44................ Reciprocal
 Waivers of
 Claims for Non-
 Party Customer
 Beneficiaries,
 Signature of
 Waivers of
 Claims by
 Commercial
 Space
 Transportation
 Customers. And
 Waiver of
 Claims and
 Assumption of
 Responsibility
 for Permitted
 Activities with
 No Customer
 (RRR).
10. 2125-AF62............... Acquisition of
 Right-of-Way
 (RRR) (MAP-21).
11. 2125-AF65............... Buy America
 (RRR).
12. 2126-AB46............... Inspection,
 Repair, and
 Maintenance;
 Driver-Vehicle
 Inspection
 Report (RRR).
13. 2126-AB47............... Electronic
 Signatures and
 Documents (E-
 Signatures)
 (RRR).
14. 2126-AB49............... Elimination of
 Redundant
 Maintenance
 Rule (RRR).
15. 2127-AK98............... Pedestrian
 Safety Global
 Technical
 Regulation
 (RRR).
16. 2127-AL03............... Part 571 FMVSS
 No. 205,
 Glazing
 Materials, GTR
 (RRR).
17. 2127-AL05............... Amend FMVSS No. Y
 210 to
 Incorporate the
 Use of a New
 Force
 Application
 Device (RRR).
18. 2127-AL17............... 49 CFR Part 595,
 Subpart C, Make
 Inoperative
 Exemptions,
 Vehicle
 Modifications
 to Accommodate
 People With
 Disabilities,
 from FMVSS No.
 226 (RRR).
19. 2127-AL20............... Upgrade of LATCH
 Usability
 Requirements
 (MAP-21) (RRR).
20. 2127-AL24............... Rapid Tire
 Deflation Test
 in FMVSS No.
 110 (RRR).
21. 2127-AL41............... FMVSS No.
 571.108 License
 Plate Mounting
 Angle (RRR).
22. 2127-AL58............... Upgrade of Rear
 Impact Guard
 Requirements
 for Trailers
 and
 Semitrailers
 (RRR).
23. 2130-AC32............... Positive Train Y
 Control
 Systems: De
 Minimis
 Exception, Yard
 Movements, En
 Route Failures;
 Miscellaneous
 Grade Crossing/
 Signal and
 Train Control
 Amendments
 (RRR).
24. 2130-AC40............... Qualification
 and
 Certification
 of Locomotive
 Engineers;
 Miscellaneous
 Revisions (RRR).
25. 2130-AC41............... Hours of Service
 Recordkeeping;
 Electronic
 Recordkeeping
 Amendments
 (RRR).
26. 2130-AC43............... Safety Glazing
 Standards;
 Miscellaneous
 Revisions (RRR).
27. 2130-AC44............... Revisions to
 Signal System
 Reporting
 Requirements
 (RRR).
28. 2137-AE38............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Compatibility
 with the
 Regulations of
 the
 International
 Atomic Energy
 Agency (IAEA)
 (RRR).
29. 2137-AE62............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Approval and
 Communication
 Requirements
 for the Safe
 Transportation
 of Air Bag
 Inflators, Air
 Bag Modules,
 and Seat-Belt
 Pretensioners
 (RRR).
30. 2137-AE72............... Pipeline Safety: Y
 Gas
 Transmission
 (RRR).
31. 2137-AE80............... Hazardous Y
 Materials:
 Miscellaneous
 Pressure Vessel
 Requirements
 (DOT Spec
 Cylinders)
 (RRR).
32. 2137-AE81............... Hazardous Y
 Materials:
 Reverse
 Logistics (RRR).
33. 2137-AE85............... Pipeline Safety:
 Periodic
 Updates of
 Regulatory
 References to
 Technical
 Standards and
 Miscellaneous
 Amendments
 (RRR).
34. 2137-AE86............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Requirements
 for the Safe
 Transportation
 of Bulk
 Explosives
 (RRR).
35. 2137-AE94............... Pipeline Safety: Y
 Operator
 Qualification,
 Cost Recovery,
 Accident and
 Incident
 Notification,
 and Other
 Changes (RRR).
36. 2137-AF04............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Miscellaneous
 Amendments
 (RRR).
37. 2137-AF05............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Harmonization
 with
 International
 Standards (RRR).
------------------------------------------------------------------------

International Regulatory Cooperation

E.O. 13609 (Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation)
stresses that ``[i]n an increasingly global economy, international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting the goals
of'' E.O. 13563 to ``protect public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' DOT has long recognized the value
of international regulatory cooperation and has engaged in a variety of
activities with both foreign governments and international bodies.
These activities have ranged from cooperation in the development of
particular standards to discussions of necessary steps for rulemakings
in general, such as risk assessments and cost-benefit analyses of
possible standards. Since the issuance of E.O. 13609, we have increased
our efforts in this area. For example, many of DOT's Operating
Administrations are active in groundbreaking government-wide Regulatory
Cooperation Councils (RCC) with Canada, Mexico, and the European Union.
These RCC working groups are setting a precedent in developing and
testing approaches to international coordination of rulemaking to
reduce barriers to international trade. We also have been exploring
innovative approaches to ease the development process.
 Examples of the many cooperative efforts we are engaged in include
the following: The FAA maintains ongoing efforts with foreign civil
aviation authorities, including in particular the European Aviation
Safety Agency and Transport Canada, to harmonize standards and
practices where doing so will improve the safety of aviation and
aviation-related activities. The FAA also plays an active role in the
standard-setting work of the International Civil Aviation Organization
(ICAO), particularly on the Air Navigation Commission and the Legal
Committee. In doing so, the FAA works with other

[[Page 76583]]

Nations to shape the standards and recommended practices adopted by
ICAO. The FAA's rulemaking actions related to safety management systems
are examples of the FAA's harmonization efforts.
 NHTSA is actively engaged in international regulatory cooperative
efforts on both a multilateral and a bilateral basis, exchanging
information on best practices and otherwise seeking to leverage its
resources for addressing vehicle issues in the U.S. As noted in
Executive Order 13609: ``(i)n meeting shared challenges involving
health, safety, labor, security, environmental, and other issues,
international regulatory cooperation can identify approaches that are
at least as protective as those that are or would be adopted in the
absence of such cooperation'' and ``can also reduce, eliminate, or
prevent unnecessary differences in regulatory requirements.''
 As the representative, for vehicle safety matters, of the United
States, one of 33 contracting parties to the 1998 Agreement on the
Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations, NHTSA is an active participant in
the World Forum for Vehicle Regulations (WP.29) at the UN. Under that
umbrella, NHTSA is currently working on the development of harmonized
regulations for the safety of electric vehicles; hydrogen and fuel cell
vehicles; advanced head restraints; pole side impact test procedures;
pedestrian protection; the safety risks associated with quieter
vehicles, such as electric and hybrid electric vehicles; and
advancements in tires.
 In recognition of the large cross-border market in motor vehicles
and motor vehicle equipment, NHTSA is working bilaterally with
Transport Canada under the Motor Vehicles Working Group of the U.S.-
Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) to facilitate
implementation of the initial RCC Joint Action Plan. Under this Plan,
NHTSA and Transport Canada are working on the development of
international standards on quieter vehicles, electric vehicle safety,
and hydrogen and fuel cell vehicles.
 Building on the initial Joint Action Plan, the U.S. and Canada
issued a Joint Forward Plan on August 29, 2014. The Forward Plan
provides that, over the next six months, regulators will develop
Regulatory Partnership Statements (RPSs) outlining the framework for
how cooperative activities will be managed between agencies. In that
same period, regulators will also develop and complete detailed work
plans to begin to address the commitments in the Forward Plan. To
facilitate future cooperation, the RCC will work over the next year on
cross-cutting issues in areas such as: ``sharing information with
foreign governments, joint funding of new initiatives and our
respective rulemaking processes.''
 To broaden and deepen its cooperative efforts with the European
Union, NHTSA is participating in ongoing negotiations regarding the
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership which is ``aimed at
providing greater compatibility and transparency in trade and
investment regulation, while maintaining high levels of health, safety,
and environmental protection.'' NHTSA is seeking to build on existing
levels of safety and lay the groundwork for future cooperation in
addressing emerging safety issues and technologies.
 PHMSA's hazardous material group works with ICAO, the UN
Subcommittee of Experts on Dangerous Goods, and the International
Maritime Organization. Through participation in these international
bodies, PHMSA is able to advocate on behalf of U.S. safety and
commercial interests to guide the development of international
standards with which U.S. businesses have to comply when shipping in
international commerce. PHMSA additionally participates in the RCC with
Canada and has a Memorandum of Cooperation in place to ensure that
cross-border shipments are not hampered by conflicting regulations. The
pipeline group at PHMSA incorporates many standards by reference into
the Pipeline Safety Regulations, and the development of these standards
benefit from the participation of experts from around the world.
 In the areas of airline consumer protection and civil rights
regulation, OST is particularly conscientious in seeking international
regulatory cooperation. For example, the Department participates in the
standard-setting activities of ICAO and meets and works with other
governments and international airline associations on the
implementation of U.S. and foreign aviation rules.
 For a number of years the Department has also provided information
on which of its rulemaking actions have international effects. This
information, updated monthly, is available at the Department's
regulatory information Web site, http://www.dot.gov/regulations, under
the heading ``Reports on Rulemakings and Enforcement.'' (The reports
can be found under headings for ``EU,'' ``NAFTA'' (Canada and Mexico)
and ``Foreign.'') A list of our significant rulemakings that are
expected to have international effects follows; the identifying RIN
provided below can be used to find summary and other information about
the rulemakings in the Department's Regulatory Agenda published along
with this Plan:

DOT Significant Rulemakings With International Impacts
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2105-AD90......................................... Stowage and
 Assistive Devices.
2105-AD91......................................... Accessibility of
 Airports.
2105-AE06......................................... E-Cigarette.
2120-AJ60......................................... Small Unmanned
 Aircraft.
2120-AJ69......................................... Prohibition Against
 Certain Flights
 Within the
 Territory and
 Airspace of
 Afghanistan.
2120-AJ89......................................... Slot Management and
 Transparency.
2120-AK09......................................... Drug & Alcohol
 Testing for Repair
 Stations.
2126-AA34......................................... Mexico-Domiciled
 Motor Carriers.
2126-AA35......................................... Safety Monitoring
 System and
 Compliance
 Initiative for
 Mexico-Domiciled
 Motor Carriers
 Operating in the
 United States.
2124-AA70......................................... Limitations on the
 Issuance of
 Commercial Driver
 Licenses with a
 Hazardous Materials
 Endorsement.
2126-AB56......................................... MAP-21 Enhancements
 and Other Updates
 to the Unified
 Registration
 System.
2127-AK76......................................... Tire Fuel Efficiency
 Part 2.
2127-AK93......................................... Quieter Vehicles
 Sound Alert.
2127-AK95......................................... Side Impact Test
 Procedure for CRS.
2133-AB74......................................... Cargo Preference.

[[Page 76584]]


2137-AE91......................................... Enhanced Rail Tank
 Car Standards.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

As we identify rulemakings arising out of our ongoing regulatory
cooperation activities that we reasonably anticipate will lead to
significant regulations, we will add them to our Web site report and
subsequent Agendas and Plans.
The Department's Regulatory Process
 The Department will also continue its efforts to use advances in
technology to improve its rulemaking management process. For example,
the Department created an effective tracking system for significant
rulemakings to ensure that either rules are completed in a timely
manner or delays are identified and fixed. Through this tracking
system, a monthly status report is generated. To make its efforts more
transparent, the Department has made this report Internet accessible at
http://www.dot.gov/regulations, as well as through a list-serve. By
doing this, the Department is providing valuable information concerning
our rulemaking activity and is providing information necessary for the
public to evaluate the Department's progress in meeting its commitment
to completing quality rulemakings in a timely manner.
 The Department continues to place great emphasis on the need to
complete high-quality rulemakings by involving senior departmental
officials in regular meetings to resolve issues expeditiously.

Office of the Secretary of Transportation (OST)

The Office of the Secretary (OST) oversees the regulatory process
for the Department. OST implements the Department's regulatory policies
and procedures and is responsible for ensuring the involvement of top
management in regulatory decisionmaking. Through the General Counsel's
office, OST is also responsible for ensuring that the Department
complies with the Administrative Procedure Act, Executive Order 12866
(Regulatory Planning and Review), Executive Order 13563, DOT's
Regulatory Policies and Procedures, and other legal and policy
requirements affecting rulemaking. Although OST's principal role
concerns the review of the Department's significant rulemakings, this
office has the lead role in the substance of such projects as those
concerning aviation economic rules, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, and rules that affect multiple elements of the Department.
 OST provides guidance and training regarding compliance with
regulatory requirements and process for personnel throughout the
Department. OST also plays an instrumental role in the Department's
efforts to improve our economic analyses; risk assessments; regulatory
flexibility analyses; other related analyses; retrospective reviews of
rules; and data quality, including peer reviews.
 OST also leads and coordinates the Department's response to the
Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) intergovernmental review of
other agencies' significant rulemaking documents and to Administration
and congressional proposals that concern the regulatory process. The
General Counsel's office works closely with representatives of other
agencies, OMB, the White House, and congressional staff to provide
information on how various proposals would affect the ability of the
Department to perform its safety, infrastructure, and other missions.
 During Fiscal Year 2015, OST will continue to focus its efforts on
enhancing airline passenger protections by requiring carriers to adopt
various consumer service practices under the following rulemaking
initiatives:
 Accessible In-Flight Entertainment
 Airline Pricing Transparency and Other Consumer Protection
Issues
 Carrier-Supplied Medical Oxygen, Accessible In-Flight
Entertainment Systems, Service Animals, and Accessible Lavatories on
Single-Aisle Aircraft.
 OST will also continue its efforts to help coordinate the
activities of several operating administrations that advance various
departmental efforts that support the Administration's initiatives on
promoting safety, stimulating the economy and creating jobs, sustaining
and building America's transportation infrastructure, and improving
quality of life for the people and communities who use transportation
systems subject to the Department's policies. It will also continue to
oversee the Department's rulemaking actions to implement the ``Moving
Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act'' (MAP-21).

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)

The Federal Aviation Administration is charged with safely and
efficiently operating and maintaining the most complex aviation system
in the world. Destination 2025, an FAA initiative that captures the
agency's vision of transforming the Nation's aviation system by 2025,
has proven to be an effective tool for pushing the agency to think
about longer-term aspirations; FAA has established a vision that
defines the agency's priorities for the next five years. The changing
technological and industry environment compels us to transform the
agency. And the challenging fiscal environment we face only increases
the need to prioritize our goals.
 We have identified four major strategic initiatives where we will
focus our efforts: (1) Risk-based Decision Making--Build on safety
management principles to proactively address emerging safety risk by
using consistent, data-informed approaches to make smarter, system-
level, risk-based decisions; (2) NAS Initiative--Lay the foundation for
the National Airspace System of the future by achieving prioritized
NextGen benefits, enabling the safe and efficient integration of new
user entrants including Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and Commercial
Space flights, and deliver more efficient, streamlined air traffic
management services; (3) Global Leadership--Improve safety, air traffic
efficiency, and environmental sustainability across the globe through
an integrated, data-driven approach that shapes global standards,
enhances collaboration and harmonization, and better targets FAA
resources and efforts; and (4) Workforce of the Future--Prepare FAA's
human capital for the future, by identifying, recruiting, and training
a workforce with the leadership, technical, and functional skills to
ensure the U.S. has the world's safest and most productive aviation
sector.
 FAA activities that may lead to rulemaking in Fiscal Year 2015
include continuing to:
 Promote and expand safety information-sharing efforts,
such as FAA-industry partnerships and data-driven safety programs that
prioritize and address risks before they lead to accidents.
Specifically, FAA will continue implementing Commercial

[[Page 76585]]

Aviation Safety Team projects related to controlled flight into
terrain, loss of control of an aircraft, uncontained engine failures,
runway incursions, weather, pilot decision making, and cabin safety.
Some of these projects may result in rulemaking and guidance materials.
 Respond to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the Act) which directed the FAA to initiate a rulemaking proceeding to
issue guidelines and regulations relating to ADS-B In technology and
recommendations from an Aviation Rulemaking Committee on ADS-B-In
capabilities in consideration of the FAA's evolving thinking on how to
provide an integrated suite of communication, navigation, and
surveillance (CNS) capabilities to achieve full NextGen performance.
 Respond to the Act which also recommended we complete the
rulemaking for small Unmanned Aircraft Systems, and consider how to
fully integrate UAS operations in the NAS, which will require future
rulemaking.
 Respond to the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation
Administration Extension Act of 2010 (H.R. 5900) which requires the FAA
to develop and implement Safety Management Systems (SMS) where these
systems will improve safety of aviation and aviation-related
activities. An SMS proactively identifies potential hazards in the
operating environment, analyzes the risks of those hazards, and
encourages mitigation prior to an accident or incident. In its most
general form, an SMS is a set of decision-making tools that can be used
to plan, organize, direct, and control activities in a manner that
enhances safety.
 Respond to the Small Airplane Revitalization Act of 2013
(H.R. 1848) which requires the FAA adopt the recommendations from Part
23 Reorganization Aviation Rulemaking Aviation Rulemaking Committee
(ARC) for improving safety and reducing certification costs for general
aviation. The ARC recommendations include a broad range of policy and
regulatory changes that it believes could significantly improve the
safety of general aviation aircraft while simultaneously reducing
certification and modification costs for these aircraft. Among the
ARC's recommendations is a suggestion that compliance with part 23
requirements be performance-based, focusing on the complexity and
performance of an aircraft instead of the current regulations based on
weight and type of propulsion. In announcing the ARC's recommendations,
the Transportation Secretary said ``Streamlining the design and
certification process could provide a cost-efficient way to build
simple airplanes that still incorporate the latest in safety
initiatives. These changes have the potential to save money and
maintain our safety standing--a win-win situation for manufacturers,
pilots and the general aviation community as a whole.''
 Work cooperatively to harmonize the U.S. aviation
regulations with those of other countries, without compromising
rigorous safety standards, or our requirements to develop cost benefit
analysis. The differences worldwide in certification standards,
practice and procedures, and operating rules must be identified and
minimized to reduce the regulatory burden on the international aviation
system. The differences between the FAA regulations and the
requirements of other nations impose a heavy burden on U.S. aircraft
manufacturers and operators, some of which are small businesses.
Standardization should help the U.S. aerospace industry remain
internationally competitive. The FAA continues to publish regulations
based on internal analysis, public comment, and recommendations of
Aviation Rulemaking Committees that are the result of cooperative
rulemaking between the U.S. and other countries.
 In response to Executive Order 13610 ``Identifying and
Reducing Regulatory Burdens,'' we continue to find ways to make our
regulatory program more effective or less burdensome; provide
quantifiable monetary savings or quantifiable reductions in paperwork
burdens, and modify and streamline regulations in light of changed
circumstances. One example is our response to a petition for exemption
from the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association and Experimental
Aircraft Association (AOPA-EAA) in which we will address through
rulemaking to consider medical self-certification for certain
noncommercial operations in lieu of airman medical certification.
 FAA top regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015 include:
 Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems (2120-AJ60) (Pub. L. 112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012))
 Pilot Records Database (2120-AK31) (Pub. L. 111-216 (Aug.
1, 2010))
 Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States (2120-AK09) (Pub. L.
112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012))
 Congestion Management for LaGuardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport
(2120-AJ89)
 Safety Management System for Certificate Holders Operating
Under 14 CFR part 121 (2120-AJ86) (Pub. L. 111-216, sec 215 (Aug. 1,
2010))
 The Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
rulemaking would:
 Adopt specific rules for the operation of small unmanned
aircraft systems in the national airspace system; and
 Address the classification of small unmanned aircraft,
certification of their pilots and visual observers, registration,
approval of operations, and operational limits.
 The Pilot Records Database rulemaking would:
 Implement a pilot records database into which the FAA, air
carriers, and other persons that employ pilots would enter records; and
 Require air carriers operating under 14 CFR parts 121 and
135 access the pilot records database electronically and evaluate the
available data for each individual pilot candidate before allowing that
individual to serve as a required pilot flightcrew member.
 The Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States rulemaking would:
 Require certain air carriers to ensure that all employees
of certificated repair stations, and certain other maintenance
organizations that are located outside the United States, who perform
safety-sensitive maintenance functions on aircraft operated by those
air carriers, are subject to a drug and alcohol testing program; and
 Require the drug and alcohol testing program be determined
acceptable by the FAA Administrator, and be consistent with the
applicable laws of the country in which the repair station is located.
 The Congestion Management rulemaking for LaGuardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport
would:
 Replace the orders limiting scheduled operations at John
F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), limiting scheduled operations
at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), and limiting scheduled
and unscheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport (LGA); and
 Provide a longer-term and comprehensive approach to slot
management at JFK, EWR, and LGA.

[[Page 76586]]

The Safety Management System for Certificate Holders Operating
under 14 CFR part 121 rulemaking would:
 Require certain certificate holders to develop and
implement an SMS;
 Establish a general framework from which a certificate
holder can build its SMS; and Conform to International Civil Aviation
Organization Annexes and adopt several National Transportation Safety
Board recommendations.

Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)

The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) carries out the Federal
highway program in partnership with State and local agencies to meet
the Nation's transportation needs. The FHWA's mission is to improve
continually the quality and performance of our Nation's highway system
and its intermodal connectors.
 Consistent with this mission, the FHWA will continue:
 With ongoing regulatory initiatives in support of its
surface transportation programs;
 To implement legislation in the most cost-effective way
possible; and
 To pursue regulatory reform in areas where project
development can be streamlined or accelerated, duplicative requirements
can be consolidated, recordkeeping requirements can be reduced or
simplified, and the decisionmaking authority of our State and local
partners can be increased.
 MAP-21 authorizes the Federal surface transportation
programs for highways, highway safety, and transit for the two-year
period from 2012-2014. The FHWA has analyzed MAP-21 to identify
congressionally directed rulemakings. These rulemakings will be the
FHWA's top regulatory priorities for the coming year. Additionally, the
FHWA is in the process of reviewing all FHWA regulations to ensure that
they are consistent with MAP-21 and will update those regulations that
are not consistent with the recently enacted legislation.
 During Fiscal Year 2015, FHWA will continue its focus on
improving the quality and performance of our Nation's highway systems
by creating national performance management measures and standards to
be used by the States to meet the national transportation goals
identified in section 1203 of MAP-21 under the following rulemaking
initiatives:
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Safety) (RIN: 2125-AF49)
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Bridges and Pavement) (RIN: 2125-AF53)
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Congestion Reduction, CMAQ, Freight, and Performance of Interstate/
Non-Interstate NHS) (RIN: 2125-AF54).

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA)

The mission of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration
(FMCSA) is to reduce crashes, injuries, and fatalities involving
commercial trucks and buses. A strong regulatory program is a
cornerstone of FMCSA's compliance and enforcement efforts to advance
this safety mission. FMCSA develops new and more effective safety
regulations based on three core priorities: Raising the safety bar for
entry, maintaining high standards, and removing high-risk behavior. In
addition to Agency-directed regulations, FMCSA develops regulations
mandated by Congress, through legislation such as MAP-21 and the Safe,
Accountable, Flexible, and Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A
Legacy for Users (SAFETEA-LU). FMCSA regulations establish standards
for motor carriers, commercial drivers, commercial motor vehicles, and
State agencies receiving certain motor carrier safety grants and
issuing commercial drivers' licenses.
 FMCSA's regulatory plan for FY 2015 includes completion of a number
of rulemakings that are high priorities for the Agency because they
would have a positive impact on safety. Among the rulemakings included
in the plan are: (1) Electronic Logging Devices (RIN 2126-AB20), (2)
Carrier Safety Fitness Determination (RIN 2126-AB11), and (3)
Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (RIN 2126-
AB18).
 Together, these priority rules could help to substantially improve
commercial motor vehicle (CMV) safety on our Nation's highways by
improving FMCSA's ability to provide safety oversight of motor carriers
and commercial drivers.
 In FY 2015, FMCSA plans to issue a final rule on Electronic Logging
Devices (RIN 2126-AB20) to establish: (1) Minimum performance and
design standards for hours-of-service (HOS) electronic logging devices
(ELDs); (2) requirements for the mandatory use of these devices by
drivers currently required to prepare HOS records of duty status
(RODS); (3) requirements concerning HOS supporting documents; and (4)
measures to address concerns about harassment resulting from the
mandatory use of ELDs.
 In FY 2015, FMCSA will continue its work on the Compliance, Safety,
Accountability (CSA) program. The CSA program improves the way FMCSA
identifies and conducts carrier compliance and enforcement operations.
CSA's goal is to improve large truck and bus safety by assessing a
wider range of safety performance data from a larger segment of the
motor carrier industry through an array of progressive compliance
interventions. FMCSA anticipates that the impacts of CSA interventions
and an associated rulemaking to put into place a new safety fitness
determination standard will enable the Agency to prohibit ``unfit''
carriers from operating on the Nation's highways (the Carrier Safety
Fitness Determination(RIN 2126-AB11)) and will contribute further to
the Agency's overall goal of decreasing CMV-related fatalities and
injuries.
 Also in FY 2015, FMCSA plans to issue a final rule on the
Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (RIN 2126-
AB18). The rule would establish a clearinghouse requiring employers and
service agents to report information about current and prospective
employees' drug and alcohol test results. It would also require
employers and certain service agents to search the Clearinghouse for
current and prospective employees' positive drug and alcohol test
results as a condition of permitting those employees to perform safety-
sensitive functions. This would provide FMCSA and employers the
necessary tools to identify drivers who are prohibited from operating a
CMV based on DOT drug and alcohol program violations and ensure that
such drivers receive the required evaluation and treatment before
resuming safety-sensitive functions.

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration

The statutory responsibilities of the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) relating to motor vehicles include
reducing the number of, and mitigating the effects of, motor vehicle
crashes and related fatalities and injuries; providing safety
performance information to aid prospective purchasers of vehicles,
child restraints, and tires; and improving automotive fuel efficiency.
NHTSA pursues policies that encourage the development of nonregulatory
approaches when feasible in meeting its statutory mandates. It issues
new standards and regulations or amendments to existing standards and
regulations when appropriate. It ensures that regulatory alternatives
reflect a careful assessment of the problem and a comprehensive
analysis of the benefits, costs, and other impacts associated with

[[Page 76587]]

the proposed regulatory action. Finally, it considers alternatives
consistent with the Administration's regulatory principles.
 NHTSA continues to focus on the high-priority safety issue of heavy
vehicles and their occupants in Fiscal Year 2015, including combination
truck tractors, large buses, and motorcoaches. The agency will continue
work towards considering promulgation of a new Federal motor vehicle
safety standard (FMVSS) for rollover structural integrity requirements
for newly manufactured motorcoaches in accordance with NHTSA's 2007
Motorcoach Safety Plan, DOT's 2009 departmental Motorcoach Safety
Action Plan as revised in 2012, and requirements of MAP-21. NHTSA will
also issue a final rule to promulgate a new FMVSS for electronic
stability control systems for motor coaches and truck tractors. This
final rule is mandated by the MAP-21 Act. Together, these rulemaking
actions will address multiple open recommendations issued by the
National Transportation Safety Board related to motorcoach safety.
NHTSA, in conjunction with the Environmental Protection Agency, will
publish a notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) in Fiscal Year 2015 to
address phase two of fuel efficiency standards for medium- and heavy-
duty on-highway vehicles and work trucks for model years beyond 2018.
This NPRM will be responsive to requirements of the Energy Independence
and Security Act of 2007 as well as the President's Climate Action
Plan.
 In Fiscal Year 2015, NHTSA plans to issue a final rule that would
establish a new FMVSS to provide a means of alerting blind and other
pedestrians of motor vehicle operation. This rulemaking is mandated by
the Pedestrian Safety Enhancement Act of 2010 to further enhance the
safety of passenger vehicles and pedestrians. NHTSA will also continue
work toward a NPRM on vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communications. V2V
communications is currently perceived to become a foundational aspect
of vehicle automation.
 In addition to numerous programs that focus on the safe performance
of motor vehicles, the Agency is engaged in a variety of programs to
improve driver and occupant behavior. These programs emphasize the
human aspects of motor vehicle safety and recognize the important role
of the States in this common pursuit. NHTSA has identified two high-
priority areas: Safety belt use and impaired driving. To address these
issue areas, the Agency is focusing especially on three strategies--
conducting highly visible, well-publicized enforcement; supporting
prosecutors who handle impaired driving cases and expanding the use of
DWI/Drug Courts, which hold offenders accountable for receiving and
completing treatment for alcohol abuse and dependency; and adopting
alcohol screening and brief intervention by medical and health care
professionals. Other behavioral efforts encourage child safety-seat
use; combat excessive speed and aggressive driving; improve motorcycle,
bicycle, and pedestrian safety; and provide consumer information to the
public.

Federal Railroad Administration (FRA)

FRA's current regulatory program reflects a number of pending
proceedings to satisfy mandates resulting from the Rail Safety
Improvement Act of 2008 (RSIA08), and the Passenger Rail Investment and
Improvement Act of 2008 (PRIIA), as well as actions under its general
safety rulemaking authority and actions supporting a high-performing
passenger rail network. RSIA08 alone has required 21 rulemaking
actions, 16 of which have been completed. FRA continues to prioritize
its rulemakings according to the greatest effect on safety while
promoting economic growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job
creation, as well as expressed congressional interest, while working to
complete as many mandated rulemakings as quickly as possible.
 Through the Railroad Safety Advisory Committee (RSAC), FRA is
working to complete RSIA08 actions, including developing requirements
related to the creation and implementation of railroad risk reduction
and system safety programs, and an RSAC working group has developed
recommendations for the fatigue management provisions related to both
proceedings. FRA is also in the process of producing two regulatory
actions related to the transportation of crude oil and ethanol by rail,
focusing on the securement of equipment and appropriate crew size
requirements when transporting such commodities. FRA's crew size
activity will also address other freight and passenger operations to
ensure FRA will have appropriate oversight if a railroad chooses to
alter its standard method of operation. In addition, FRA continues to
prepare a final rule amending its regulations related to roadway
workers and is developing other RSAC-supported actions that advance
high-performing passenger rail such as proposed rules on standards for
alternative compliance with FRA's Passenger Equipment Safety Standards.

Federal Transit Administration (FTA)

FTA helps communities support public transportation by making
grants of Federal funding for transit vehicles, construction of transit
facilities, and planning and operation of transit and other transit-
related purposes. FTA regulatory activity implements the laws that
apply to recipients' uses of Federal funding and the terms and
conditions of FTA grant awards. FTA policy regarding regulations is to:
 Ensure the safety of public transportation systems.
 Provide maximum benefit to the mobility of the Nation's
citizens and the connectivity of transportation infrastructure;
 Provide maximum local discretion;
 Ensure the most productive use of limited Federal
resources;
 Protect taxpayer investments in public transportation;
 Incorporate principles of sound management into the grant
management process.
 As the needs for public transportation have changed over the years,
the Federal transit programs have grown in number and complexity often
requiring implementation through the rulemaking process. In fact, FTA
is currently implementing many of its public transportation programs
authorized under MAP-21 through the regulatory process. To that end,
FTA's regulatory priorities include implementing certain requirements
of the newly authorized Public Transportation Safety Program (49 U.S.C.
5329), such as the National Public Transportation Safety Plan,
implementing requirements for Transit Asset Management Systems (49
U.S.C. 5326), amending the State Safety Oversight rule (49 CFR part
659). In addition FTA is finalizing its Emergency Relief rule, which
implements FTA's new authority to assist transit agencies responding to
major disasters.

Maritime Administration (MARAD)

The Maritime Administration (MARAD) administers Federal laws and
programs to improve and strengthen the maritime transportation system
to meet the economic, environmental, and security needs of the Nation.
To that end, MARAD's efforts are focused upon ensuring a strong
American presence in the domestic and international trades and to
expanding maritime opportunities for American businesses and workers.
 MARAD's regulatory objectives and priorities reflect the agency's
responsibility for ensuring the availability of water transportation
services for American shippers and

[[Page 76588]]

consumers and, in times of war or national emergency, for the U.S.
armed forces. Major program areas include the following: Maritime
Security, Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement, National Defense
Reserve Fleet and the Ready Reserve Force, Cargo Preference, Maritime
Guaranteed Loan Financing, United States Merchant Marine Academy,
Mariner Education and Training Support, Deepwater Port Licensing, and
Port and Intermodal Development. Additionally, MARAD administers the
Small Shipyard Grants Program through which equipment and technical
skills training are provided to America's maritime workforce, with the
aim of helping businesses to compete in the global marketplace while
creating well-paying jobs at home.
 MARAD's primary regulatory activities in Fiscal Year 2015 will be
to continue the update of existing regulations as part of the
Department's Retrospective Regulatory Review effort, and to propose new
regulations where appropriate.

Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA)

The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA)
has responsibility for rulemaking under two programs. Through the
Associate Administrator for Hazardous Materials Safety, PHMSA
administers regulatory programs under Federal hazardous materials
transportation law and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as
amended by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Through the Associate
Administrator for Pipeline Safety, PHMSA administers regulatory
programs under the Federal pipeline safety laws and the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990.
 The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of
2011 included a number of rulemaking studies and mandates and
additional enforcement authorities that continue to impact PHMSA's
regulatory activities in Fiscal Year 2015.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\
http://www.phmsa.dot.gov/pv_obj_cache/pv_obj_id_7FD46010F0497123865B976479CFF395
2E990200/filename/Pipeline%20Reauthorization%20Bill%202011.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MAP-21 reauthorized the hazardous materials safety program and
required several regulatory actions by PHMSA. MAP-21 placed a great
deal of emphasis on the procedures for issuing special permits and the
incorporation of special permits into regulations. Persons who offer
for transportation or transport hazardous materials in commerce must
follow the hazardous materials regulations. A special permit sets forth
alternative requirements, or variances, to the requirements in the HMR.
Federal hazardous materials transportation law authorizes PHMSA to
issue such variances in a way that achieves a safety level that is at
least equal to the safety level required under Federal hazmat law or is
consistent with the public interest if a required safety level does not
exist. A rulemaking was required within two years by MAP-21 to set out
procedures and criteria for evaluating applications for special permits
and approvals. In addition, MAP-21 required PHMSA to conduct a review
of nearly 1,200 existing special permits and issue another rulemaking
within three years to incorporate special permits that have been in
continuous effect for a ten-year period into the HMR.
 PHMSA will continue to work toward improving safety related to
transportation of hazardous materials by all transportation modes,
including pipeline, while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation. We will concentrate on the
prevention of high-risk incidents identified through the findings of
the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and PHMSA's evaluation
of transportation incident data. PHMSA will use all available Agency
tools to assess data; evaluate alternative safety strategies, including
regulatory strategies as necessary and appropriate; target enforcement
efforts; and enhance outreach, public education, and training to
promote safety outcomes.
 PHMSA will continue to focus on the streamlining of its regulatory
system and reducing regulatory burdens. PHMSA will evaluate existing
rules to examine whether they remain justified; should be modified to
account for changing circumstances and technologies; or should be
streamlined or even repealed. PHMSA will continue to evaluate, analyze,
and be responsive to petitions for rulemaking. PHMSA will review
regulations, letters of interpretation, petitions for rulemaking,
special permits, enforcement actions, approvals, and international
standards to identify inconsistencies, outdated provisions, and
barriers to regulatory compliance.
 PHMSA aims to reduce the risks related to the transportation of
hazardous materials by rail. Preventing tank car incidents and
minimizing the consequences when an incident does occur are not only
DOT priorities, but are also shared by the National Transportation
Safety Board (NTSB), industry, and the general public. Expansion in
United States energy production has led to significant challenges in
the transportation system. Expansion in oil production has led to
increasing volumes of product transported to refineries. With a growing
domestic supply, rail transportation, in particular, has emerged as an
alternative to transportation by pipeline or vessel. The growing
reliance on trains to transport large volumes of flammable liquids
raises risks that have been highlighted by the recent instances of
trains carrying crude oil that have derailed. PHMSA and FRA issued a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 45016) designed to lessen the
frequency and consequences of train accidents/incidents (train
accidents) involving certain trains transporting a large volume of
flammable liquids. In addition, PHMSA and FRA issued an Advanced Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 45079) seeking comment on potential
revisions to its regulations that would expand the applicability of
comprehensive oil spill response plans (OSRPs) for crude oil trains.
PHMSA will continue to usher these rules to completion and PHMSA may
consider further regulatory changes to enhance rail safety through
enhanced operational requirements; improvements in tank car standards;
and revisions of the general requirements for rail transport.
 PHMSA will be considering whether changes are needed to the
regulations covering hazardous liquid onshore pipelines. In particular,
PHMSA will be considering if other areas should be included as High
Consequence Areas (HCAs) for integrity management (IM) protections,
what the repair timeframes should be for areas outside the HCAs that
are assessed as part of the IM program, whether leak detection
standards are necessary, valve spacing requirements are needed on new
construction or existing pipelines, and if PHMSA should extend
regulation to certain pipelines currently exempt from regulation. The
agency would also address the public safety and environmental aspects
any new requirements, as well as the cost implications and regulatory
burden.

[[Page 76589]]

Quantifiable Costs and Benefits of Rulemakings on the 2014 to 2015 DOT
Regulatory Plan
 [This chart does not account for non-quantifiable benefits, which are often
substantial]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Quantifiable costs discounted Quantifiable benefits
 Agency/RIN Number Title Stage 2013 $ (millions) discounted 2013 $ (millions)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAA
 2120-AJ60....................... Small Unmanned Aircraft NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 Systems.
 2120-AJ86....................... SMS for part 121.......... FR
11/14.............. $135.1........................ $142.8
 2120-AJ89....................... NY Congestion Management.. NPRM
11/14............ 48.2.......................... 67.8
 2120-AK09....................... Drug and Alcohol Testing.. ANPRM: Analyzing
TBD........................... TBD
  Comments 02/15.
 2120-AK31....................... Pilot Records Database.... NPRM
10/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 Total for FAA............... .......................... ......................
183.3......................... 210.6
FHWA
 2125-AF53....................... Performance Management 2.. NPRM
11/14............ TBD........................... TBD
 2125-AF54....................... Performance Management 3.. NPRM
03/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 Total for FHWA.............. .......................... ......................
TBD........................... TBD
FMCSA
 2126-AB11....................... Carrier Safety Fitness NPRM 04/15............
15............................ 249
 Determination.
 2126-AB18....................... Commercial Driver's FR 10/15..............
186........................... 187
 License Drug and Alcohol
 Clearinghouse.
 2126-AB20....................... Electronic On-Board FR 09/15..............
1,578......................... 2,033
 Recorders and Hours of
 Service Supporting
 Documents.
 Total for FMCSA............. .......................... ......................
1,745......................... 2,361
NHTSA
 2127-AK93....................... Quieter Vehicles Sound FR 11/15..............
24.1.......................... 154.3
 Alert.
 2127-AK97....................... Electronic Stability FR 01/15..............
119.6......................... 282.6-445.6
 Control Systems for Heavy
 Vehicles.
 2127-AL52....................... Fuel Efficiency Standards NPRM
03/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 for Medium- and Heavy-
 Duty Vehicles and Work
 Trucks: Phase 2.
 Total for NHTSA............. .......................... ......................
143.7......................... 436.9-599.9
FTA
 2132-AB19....................... State Safety Oversight NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 (MAP-21).
 Total for FTA............... .......................... ......................
TBD........................... TBD
PHMSA
 2137-AE66....................... Pipeline Safety: Safety of NPRM
01/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 On-Shore Liquid Hazardous
 Pipelines.
 2137-AE72....................... Pipeline Safety: Gas NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 Transmission (RRR).
 2137-AE91....................... Hazardous Materials: Final Rule 03/15......
2,083 to 5,820................ 400 to 4,386
 Enhanced Tank Car
 Standards and Operational
 Controls for High-Hazard
 Flammable Trains.
 Total for PHMSA............. .......................... ......................
2,083 to 5,820................ 400 to 4,386
 TOTAL FOR DOT............... .......................... ......................
4,155-7,892................... 3,408.5-7,394.5

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes: Costs and benefits of rulemakings may be forecast over varying periods.
Although the forecast periods will be the same for any given rulemaking,
 comparisons between proceedings should be made cautiously.
Costs and benefits are generally discounted at a 7 percent discount rate over
the period analyzed.

The Department of Transportation generally assumes that there are
economic benefits to avoiding a fatality of $9.2 million. That economic
value is included as part of the benefits estimates shown in the chart.
As noted above, we have not included the non-quantifiable benefits.

DOT--FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA)

Proposed Rule Stage

104. + Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
(SUAS)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 44701; Pub. L. 112-95
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 91.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, August 14, 2014, Public Law 112-
95, section 332(b) requires issuance of final rule 18 months after
integration plan is submitted to Congress. Integration plan due Feb.
14, 2013.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would adopt specific rules for the
operation of small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) in the National
Airspace System. These changes would address the classification of
small unmanned aircraft, certification of their pilots and visual
observers, registration, approval of operations, and operational limits
in order to increase the safety and efficiency of the national airspace
system.
 Statement of Need: The FAA is proposing to amend its regulations to

[[Page 76590]]

adopt specific rules for the operation of small unmanned aircraft
systems (sUAS) in the National Airspace System (NAS). These changes
would address the classification of sUAS, certification of sUAS pilots
and visual observers, registration of sUAS, approval of sUAS
operations, and sUAS operational limits. The NPRM also proposes
regulations for all sUAS, including operating standards for model
aircraft and low performance (e.g., toy) operations, to increase the
safety and efficiency of the NAS. The FAA and sUAS community lack
sufficient formal safety data regarding unmanned operations to support
granting traditional, routine access to the NAS. This proposed rule
would result in the regular collection of safety data from the user
community and help the FAA develop new regulations and expand sUAS
access to the NAS.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is required by the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, sec. 332(b).
The FAA's authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in Title
49 of the U.S. Code. Subtitle I, Section 106 describes the authority of
the FAA Administrator, including the authority to issue, rescind, and
revise regulations. Subtitle VII, Aviation Programs, describes in more
detail the scope of the agency's authority. This rulemaking is
promulgated under the authority described in Title 49 U.S. Code
Transportation. Pursuant to Subtitle I, Chapter 1, Sections
106(f)(2)(iii) and (3)(A), the Administrator is authorized to
promulgate regulations, rules, orders, circulars, bulletins, and other
publications of the Administrator, and to issue, rescind and revise
such regulations as are necessary to carry out those functions.
Subtitle VII, Part A, Subpart III, Chapter 447 Safety Regulation.
Pursuant to section 44701 (a)(5), the FAA is charged with promoting
safe flight of civil aircraft by, among other things, prescribing
regulations the FAA finds necessary for safety in air commerce and
national security.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking is required by the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, sec. 332(b). The FAA's
authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in Title 49 of the
U.S. Code. Subtitle I, Section 106 describes the authority of the FAA
Administrator, including the authority to issue, rescind, and revise
regulations. Subtitle VII, Aviation Programs, describes in more detail
the scope of the agency's authority. This rulemaking is promulgated
under the authority described in Title 49 U.S. Code Transportation.
Pursuant to Subtitle I, Chapter 1, Sections 106(f)(2)(iii) and (3)(A),
the Administrator is authorized to promulgate regulations, rules,
orders, circulars, bulletins, and other publications of the
Administrator, and to issue, rescind and revise such regulations as are
necessary to carry out those functions. Subtitle VII, Part A, Subpart
III, Chapter 447 Safety Regulation. Pursuant to section 44701 (a)(5),
the FAA is charged with promoting safe flight of civil aircraft by,
among other things, prescribing regulations the FAA finds necessary for
safety in air commerce and national security.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs and benefits for this
rulemaking are to be determined.
 Risks: Commercial operations currently have no legal means to
conduct operations. Due to the time and cost of traditional processes
and without new regulations, commercial operations will not be able to
operate until the necessary standards are developed by the UAS
community.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Lance Nuckolls, Certification and General Aviation
Operations, Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation
Administration, 800 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20591, Phone:
202-267-8212, Email: lance.nuckolls@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AJ60

DOT--FAA

105. + Slot Management and Transparency for Laguardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 40101, 40103, and 40105; 49 U.S.C.
41712; 15 U.S.C. 21
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 93.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would replace the current temporary
orders limiting scheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport (LGA), John
F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), and Newark Liberty
International Airport (EWR) with a more permanent rule to address the
issues of congestion and delay at the New York area[acute]s three major
commercial airports, while also promoting fair access and competition.
The rulemaking would help ensure that congestion and delays are managed
by limiting scheduled and unscheduled operations. The rulemaking would
also establish a secondary market for U.S. and foreign air carriers to
buy, sell, trade, and lease slots amongst each other at each of the
three airports. This would allow carriers serving or seeking to serve
the New York area airports to exchange slots as their business models
and strategic goals require.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would replace the current
temporary orders limiting scheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport,
John F. Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International
Airport with a more permanent rule to address the issues of congestion
and delay at the New York area's three major commercial airports, while
also promoting fair access and competition. The rulemaking would help
ensure that congestion and delays are managed by limiting scheduled and
unscheduled operations. The rulemaking would also establish a secondary
market for U.S. and foreign air carriers to buy, sell, trade, and lease
slots amongst each other at each of the three airports. This would
allow carriers serving or seeking to serve the New York area airports
to exchange slots as their business models and strategic goals require.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is promulgated under the
authority described in subtitle VII, part A, subpart I, sections 40101,
40103, 40105, and 41712. The Secretary of Transportation (Secretary) is
the head of the DOT and has broad oversight of significant FAA
decisions. See 49 U.S.C. 102 and 106. In addition, under 49 U.S.C.
41712, the Secretary has the authority to investigate and prohibit
unfair and deceptive practices, and unfair methods of competition in
air transportation, or the sale of air transportation. The FAA has
broad authority under 49 U.S.C. 40103 to regulate the use of the
navigable airspace of the United States. This section authorizes the
FAA to develop plans and policy for the use of navigable airspace, and
to assign the use the FAA deems necessary for safe and efficient
utilization. It further directs the FAA to prescribe air traffic rules
and regulations governing the efficient utilization of

[[Page 76591]]

navigable airspace. Not only is the FAA required to ensure the
efficient use of navigable airspace, but it must do so in a manner that
does not effectively shut out potential operators at the airport, and
in a manner that acknowledges competitive market forces. These
authorities empower the DOT to ensure the efficient utilization of
airspace by limiting the number of scheduled and unscheduled aircraft
operations at JFK, EWR, and LGA, while balancing between promoting
competition and recognizing historical investments in the airport, and
the need to provide continuity. They also authorize the DOT to
investigate the transfer of slots and to limit or prohibit
anticompetitive transfers.
 Alternatives: The FAA considered two alternatives. The first
alternative was to simply extend the existing orders. This alternative
was rejected because the FAA wanted to increase competition by making
slots available to more operators. The FAA believes these operators are
likely to be small entities. The second alternative was to remove the
existing orders. This alternative results in unacceptable delay costs
from the increase in operations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The FAA estimates the quantitative
costs to be $48.2 million and the quantitative benefits are estimated
at $67.8 million, with the benefits exceeding the costs. This is a
preliminary estimate that is subject to change based on further review
and analysis.
 Risks: There are no risks for this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: This rulemaking is associated with an RRR
action.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Molly W Smith, Federal Aviation Administration,
Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, 800
Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20591, Phone: 202-267-3344 Email:
molly.w.smith@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AJ89

DOT--FAA

106. + Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 14 CFR; 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 40113; 49
U.S.C. 44701; 49 U.S.C. 44702; 49 U.S.C. 44707; 49 U.S.C. 44709; 49
U.S.C. 44717
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 145.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, February 14, 2013, NPRM.
 Abstract: This rulemaking is required by the FAA Modernization and
Reauthorization Act of 2012. It would require controlled substance
testing of some employees working in repair stations located outside
the United States. The intended effect is to increase participation by
companies outside of the United States in testing of employees who
perform safety critical functions and testing standards similar to
those used in the repair stations located in the United States. This
action is necessary to increase the level of safety of the flying
public.
 Statement of Need: As a project identified under congressional
mandate, the intended effect of this rulemaking would be to promote
drug and alcohol testing standardization within the global aviation
community in an effort to reach an increased level of safety for the
flying public around the world.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 provides the legal basis for this rulemaking. In February 2012 the
U.S. Congress passed the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
Section 308(d)(2) of the Act requires that the FAA promulgate a
proposed rule that requires all part 145 repair station employees
responsible for safety-sensitive maintenance functions on part 121
commercial air carriers aircraft to be subject to an alcohol and
controlled substances testing program determined acceptable by the
Administrator and consistent with the applicable laws of the country in
which the repair station is located.
 Alternatives: Our alternatives would be to work with other aviation
leaders (e.g. International Civil Aviation Organization--ICAO) and
develop a collective initiative to foster a drug and alcohol-free
worldwide environment. The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
does articulate the idea that the Secretaries of State and
Transportation work with ICAO and establish international standards to
test for drug and alcohol use of employees performing safety-sensitive
maintenance functions on commercial air carrier aircraft.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Our alternatives would be to work
with other aviation leaders (e.g. International Civil Aviation
Organization--ICAO) and develop a collective initiative to foster a
drug and alcohol-free worldwide environment. The FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, does articulate the idea that the Secretaries of
State and Transportation work with ICAO and establish international
standards to test for drug and alcohol use of employees performing
safety-sensitive maintenance functions on commercial air carrier
aircraft.
 Risks: International implications are the risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/17/14 79 FR 14621
Comment Period Extended............. 05/01/14 79 FR 24631
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/16/14
Comment Period End.................. 07/17/14
Analyzing Comments.................. 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Vicky Dunne, Department of Transportation, Federal
Aviation Administration, 800 Independence Ave, SW, Washington, DC
20591, Phone: 202 267-8522, Email: vicky.dunne@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AK09

DOT--FAA

107. + Pilot Records Database (HR 5900)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 1155; 49 U.S.C. 40103;
49 U.S.C. 40113; 49 U.S.C. 40119; 49 U.S.C. 40120; 49 U.S.C. 41706; 49
U.S.C. 44101; 49 U.S.C. 44111; 49 U.S.C. 44701 to 44705; 49 U.S.C.
44709 to 44713; 49 U.S.C. 44715 to 44717; 49 U.S.C. 44722;

[[Page 76592]]

49 U.S.C. 45101 to 45105; 49 U.S.C. 46105; 49 U.S.C. 46306; 49 U.S.C.
46315; 49 U.S.C. 46316; 49 U.S.C. 46504; 49 U.S.C. 46507; 49 U.S.C.
47122; 49 U.S.C. 47508; 49 U.S.C. 47528 to 47531
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 118; 14 CFR 121; 14 CFR 125; 14 CFR 135; 14
CFR 91.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would implement a Pilot Records Database
as required by Public Law 111-216 (Aug. 1, 2010). Section 203 amends
the Pilot Records Improvement Act (PRIA) by requiring the FAA to create
a pilot records database that contains various types of pilot records.
These records would be provided by the FAA, air carriers, and other
persons who employ pilots. The FAA must maintain these records until it
receives notice that a pilot is deceased. Air carriers would use this
database to perform a record check on a pilot prior to making a hiring
decision.
 Statement of Need: This rule implements a Pilot Records Database as
required by Public Law 111-216. Section 203 of Public Law 111-216
amends the Pilot Records Improvement Act (PRIA) by requiring the FAA to
create a pilot records database that contains various types of pilot
records. These records would be provided by the FAA, air carriers, and
other persons who employ pilots. The FAA must maintain these records
until it receives notice that a pilot is deceased. Air carriers would
use this database to perform a record check on a pilot prior to making
a hiring decision.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for this rule is section
203 of the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension
Act of 2010, Public Law 111-216, 124 Statute 2348 (2010).
 Alternatives: The ARC proposed a phased implementation as an
alternative to PRDs statutory requirement to enter all historical
records dating from August 1, 2005. Instead, within 60 days after the
PRD launch date, air carriers and other persons would provide only the
names, certificate numbers, and dates of birth of employees dating from
the PRD launch date back to August 1, 2005. This information would be
used to identify a pilot applicant's previous employer(s). The hiring
air carrier would then make a paper PRIA request to those previous
employers to obtain any records from before the launch date of PRD.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Rulemaking Team believes that
three methods of data entry would allow larger air carriers to take
advantage of technology, thereby reducing costs, while allowing smaller
air carriers the flexibility to enter data manually without the need
for an information technology department and sophisticated computer
knowledge.
 Risks: Any risk mitigation technique used to counter this
additional security threat would significantly add to the time and cost
required for the FAA to properly manage the air carrier user accounts
and likely delay air carrier access to the PRD data. Several options
were explored that would simultaneously provide appropriate security
controls to protect unauthorized access to sensitive data while not
impeding the air carriers from ready access to the PRD data.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Costs and benefits are not yet determined.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Bryan Brown, Department of Transportation, Federal
Aviation Administration, 6424 S Denning Ave., Oklahoma City, OK 73169,
Phone: 405 954-4513, Email: bryan.w.brown@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AK31

DOT--FAA

Final Rule Stage

108. + Safety Management Systems for Certificate Holders

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 40113; 49 U.S.C.
40119; 49 U.S.C. 41706; 49 U.S.C. 44101; 49 U.S.C. 44701; 49 U.S.C.
44702; 49 U.S.C. 44705; 49 U.S.C. 44709 to 44711; 49 U.S.C. 44713; 49
U.S.C. 44716; 49 U.S.C. 44717; 49 U.S.C. 44722; 49 U.S.C. 46105; Pub.
L. 111-216, sec 215
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 121; 14 CFR 5.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 30, 2012, Final Rule. NPRM,
Statutory, October 29, 2010, NPRM. Congress passed Public Law 111-216
that instructs FAA to conduct a rulemaking to require all part 121 air
carriers to implement a Safety Management System (SMS). This Act
further states that the FAA shall consider at a minimum each of the
following as part of the SMS rulemaking: (1) an Aviation Safety Action
Program (ASAP); (2) a Flight Operations Quality Assurance Program
(FOQA); (3) a Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA); and (4) an Advance
Qualifications Program.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would require each certificate holder
operating under 14 CFR part 121 to develop and implement a safety
management system (SMS) to improve the safety of its aviation related
activities. A safety management system is a comprehensive, process-
oriented approach to managing safety throughout an organization. An SMS
includes an organization-wide safety policy; formal methods for
identifying hazards, controlling, and continually assessing risk and
safety performance; and promotion of a safety culture. SMS stresses not
only compliance with technical standards but increased emphasis on the
overall safety performance of the organization. This rulemaking is
required under Public Law 111-216, section 215.
 Statement of Need: This final rule requires each air carrier
operating under 14 CFR part 121 to develop and implement a safety
management system (SMS) to improve the safety of its aviation-related
activities. SMS is a comprehensive, process-oriented approach to
managing safety throughout an organization. SMS includes an
organization-wide safety policy; formal methods for identifying
hazards; controlling, and continually assessing risk and safety
performance; and promotion of a safety culture. SMS stresses not only
compliance with technical standards but also increased emphasis on the
overall safety performance of the organization.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA)
authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in title 49 of the
United States Code. This rulemaking is promulgated under the authority
described in 49 U.S.C. 44701(a)(5), which requires the Administrator to
promulgate regulations and minimum standards for other practices,
methods, and procedures necessary for safety in air commerce and
national security. In addition, the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation
Administration Extension Act of 2010 (the Act), Public Law 111-216,
section 215 (August 1, 2010), required the FAA to conduct rulemaking to
require all 14 CFR part 121 air carriers to implement a safety
management system. The Act required the FAA to issue this final rule
within 24 months of the passing of the Act (July 30, 2012).
 Alternatives: To relieve the burden of this rule on small entities,
the FAA considered extending the timeframe for development of SMS
implementation

[[Page 76593]]

plans. However, the FAA ultimately concluded that 1 year for the
development and approval of implementation plans is appropriate. In
making this determination, the FAA considered longer and shorter terms.
However, it settled on 1 year based on information from the SMS Pilot
Project, which showed that an average of 1 year was sufficient to
develop and approve an implementation plan. As part of its analysis,
the FAA noted that pilot project participants ultimately had differing
levels of SMS implementation. However, because all pilot project
participants had initially developed (and received FAA validation on)
an implementation plan that provided for full SMS implementation, the
FAA was able to use this data to estimate how long it would take a
certificate holder to develop such a plan, and get the plan approved by
the FAA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The FAA estimates the quantitative
costs to be $135.1 million, and the quantitative benefits to be $142.8
million, with benefits exceeding costs.
 Risks: While the commercial air carrier accident rate in the United
States has decreased substantially over the past 10 years, the FAA has
identified a recent trend involving hazards that were revealed during
accident investigations. The FAA's Office of Accident Investigation and
Prevention identified 128 accidents involving part 121 air carriers
from fiscal year (FY) 2001 through FY 2010 for which identified causal
factors could have been mitigated if air carriers had implemented an
SMS to identify hazards in their operations and developed methods to
control the risk. This type of approach allows air carriers to
anticipate and mitigate the likely causes of potential accidents. This
is a significant improvement over current reactive safety action
emphasis, which focuses on discovering and mitigating the cause of an
accident only after that accident has occurred. In order to bring about
this change in accident mitigation, as well as the other reasons
discussed throughout this document, the FAA is requiring part 121 air
carriers to develop and implement an SMS. SMS is a comprehensive,
process-oriented approach to managing safety throughout an
organization, and stresses not only compliance with technical
standards, but increased emphasis on the overall safety performance of
the organization. The potential reduction of risks would be averted
causalities, aircraft damage, and accident investigation costs by
identifying safety issues and spotting trends before they result in a
near-miss, incident, or accident.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/05/10 75 FR 68224
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 01/31/11 76 FR 5296
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/03/11 .......................
Comment Period Extended............. 03/07/11
Final Rule.......................... 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Scott VanBuren, Office of Accident Investigation
and Prevention, Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation
Administration, 800 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20591, Phone:
202 494-8417, Email: scott.vanburen@faa.gov
 Related RIN: Split from 2120-AJ15
 RIN: 2120-AJ86

DOT--FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION (FHWA)

Proposed Rule Stage

109. + National Goals and Performance Management Measures (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: sec 1203 Pub. L. 112-141; 49 CFR 1.85
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2014, NPRM.
 Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the Secretary to promulgate a
rulemaking within 18 months after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create national performance
management measures and standards to be used by the States to meet the
national transportation goals identified in section 1203 of MAP-21.
This rulemaking would also establish the process to be used by States
to set performance targets that reflect their performance measures. The
FHWA anticipates issuing up to three rulemakings in this area. This
rulemaking, number two, will cover the bridges and pavement.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21) transforms the Federal-aid highway program by
establishing new requirements for performance management to ensure the
most efficient investment of Federal transportation funds. Performance
management refocuses attention on national transportation goals,
increases the accountability and transparency of the Federal-aid
highway program, and improves project decisionmaking through
performance-based planning and programming. This rulemaking is the
second of 3 that would propose the establishment of performance
measures for State DOTs and MPOs to use to carry out Federal-aid
highway programs and to assess performance in each of the 12 areas
mandated by MAP-21. This rulemaking would establish performance
measures for State DOTs to use to carry out the National Highway
Performance Program (NHPP) and to assess: condition of pavements on the
National Highways System (NHS) (excluding the Interstate System),
condition of pavements on the Interstate System, and condition of
bridges on the NHS. This rulemaking would also propose the definitions
that will be applicable to the new 23 CFR 490; the process to be used
by State DOTs and MPOs to establish performance targets that reflect
the measures proposed in this rulemaking; a methodology to be used to
assess State DOTs' compliance with the target achievement provision
specified under 23 U.S.C. 119(e)(7); and the process to be followed by
State DOTs to report on progress towards the achievement of pavement
and bridge condition-related performance targets.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the
Secretary of Transportation to establish performance measures and
standards through a rulemaking to assess performance in 12 areas.
 Alternatives: N/A.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Francine Shaw-Whitson, Department of
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington,

[[Page 76594]]

DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-8028, Email: Francine.Shaw-whitson@dot.gov
 RIN: 2125-AF53

DOT--FHWA

110. + National Goals and Performance Management Measures (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: sec 1203, Pub. L. 112-141; 49 FR 1.85
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2014, NPRM.
 Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the Secretary to promulgate a
rulemaking within 18 months after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create national performance
management measures and standards to be used by the States to meet the
national transportation goals identified in section 1203 of MAP-21.
This rulemaking would also establish the process to be used by States
to set performance targets that reflect their performance measures. The
FHWA anticipates issuing up to three rulemakings in this area. This
rulemaking covers Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) and
Freight issues.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21) transforms the Federal-aid highway program by
establishing new requirements for performance management to ensure the
most efficient investment of Federal transportation funds. Performance
management refocuses attention on national transportation goals,
increases the accountability and transparency of the Federal-aid
highway program, and improves project decisionmaking through
performance-based planning and programming. This rulemaking is the
third of 3 that would propose the establishment of performance measures
for State DOTs and MPOs to use to carry out Federal-aid highway
programs and to assess performance in each of the 12 areas mandated by
MAP-21. This rulemaking would establish performance measures for State
DOTs to use in the areas of Congestion Reduction, Congestion Mitigation
and Air quality improvement program (CMAQ), Freight, and Performance of
the Interstate/Non-Interstate National Highway System.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the
Secretary of Transportation to establish performance measures and
standards through a rulemaking to assess performance in 12 areas.
 Alternatives: N/A.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Francine Shaw-Whitson, Department of
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-8028, Email:
Francine.Shaw-whitson@dot.gov
 RIN: 2125-AF54

DOT--FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (FMCSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

111. + Carrier Safety Fitness Determination

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: sec 4009 of TEA-21
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 385.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FMCSA proposes to amend the Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Regulations (FMCSRs) to adopt revised methodologies that would result
in a safety fitness determination (SFD). The proposed methodologies
would determine when a motor carrier is not fit to operate commercial
motor vehicles (CMVs) in or affecting interstate commerce based on (1)
the carrier's performance in relation to five of the Agency's
Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs); (2) an
investigation; or (3) a combination of on-road safety data and
investigation information. The intended effect of this action is to
reduce crashes caused by CMV drivers and motor carriers, resulting in
death, injuries, and property damage on U.S. highways, by more
effectively using FMCSA data and resources to identify unfit motor
carriers, and to remove them from the Nation's roadways.
 Statement of Need: Because of the time and expense associated with
the on-site compliance review, only a small fraction of carriers
(approximately 12,000) receive a safety fitness determination each
year. Since the current safety fitness determination process is based
exclusively on the results of an on-site compliance review, the great
majority of carriers subject to FMCSA jurisdiction do not receive a
timely determination of their safety fitness. The proposed methodology
for determining motor carrier safety fitness should correct the
deficiencies of the current process. In correcting these deficiencies,
FMCSA has made a concerted effort to develop a ``transparent'' method
for the Safety Fitness Determination (SFD) that would allow each motor
carrier to understand fully how FMCSA established that carrier's
specific SFD.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule is based primarily on the
authority of 49 U.S.C. 31144, which directs the Secretary of
Transportation to ``determine whether an owner or operator is fit to
operate a commercial motor vehicle'' and to ``maintain by regulation a
procedure for determining the safety fitness of an owner or operator.''
This statute was first enacted as part of the Motor Carrier Safety Act
of 1984, section 215, Public Law 98-554, 98 Stat. 2844 (Oct. 30, 1984).
The proposed rule also relies on the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 31133,
which gives the Secretary ``broad administrative powers to assist in
the implementation'' of the provisions of the Motor Carrier Safety Act
now found in chapter 311 of title 49, U.S.C. These powers include,
among others, authority to conduct inspections and investigations,
compile statistics, require production of records and property,
prescribe recordkeeping and reporting requirements, and to perform
other acts considered appropriate. These powers are used to obtain the
data used by the Safety Management System and by the proposed new
methodology for safety fitness determinations. Under 49 CFR 1.73(g),
the Secretary has delegated the authority to carry out the functions in
subchapters I, III, and IV of chapter 311, title 49, U.S.C., to the
FMCSA Administrator. Sections 31133 and 31144 are part of subchapter
III of chapter 311.
 Alternatives: The Agency has been considering several alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency is continuing to review
the estimated costs and benefits of the proposed rule.
 Risks: A risk of incorrectly identifying a compliant carrier as
non-compliant--and consequently subjecting the carrier to unnecessary
expenses--has been analyzed and has been found to be

[[Page 76595]]

negligible under the process being proposed.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: David Miller, Regulatory Development Division,
Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202 366-5370, Email: fmcsaregs@dot.gov
 RIN: 2126-AB11

DOT--FMCSA

112. + Electronic Logging Devices and Hours of Service Supporting
Documents (MAP-21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 31502; 31136(a); Pub. L. 103.311; 49
U.S.C. 31137(a)
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 350; 49 CFR 385; 49 CFR 396; 49 CFR 395
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, January 31, 2011, Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking.
 NPRM, Statutory, October 1, 2013, MAP-21 requires FMCSA to issue a
final rule by October 1, 2013, a deadline that FMCSA will not be able
to meet, due to the need for notice and comment on these proposals.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would establish: (1) Minimum performance
and design standards for hours-of-service (HOS) electronic logging
devices (ELDs); (2) requirements for the mandatory use of these devices
by drivers currently required to prepare HOS records of duty status
(RODS); (3) requirements concerning HOS supporting documents; and (4)
measures to address concerns about harassment resulting from the
mandatory use of ELDs.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking action would improve commercial
motor vehicle (CMV) safety and reduce the overall paperwork burden for
both motor carriers and drivers by increasing the use of ELDs within
the motor carrier industry, which would in turn improve compliance with
the applicable Hours of Service (HOS) rules. Specifically, this rule
would (1) Require new technical specifications for ELDs that address
statutory requirements; (2) mandate ELDs for drivers currently using
record of duty status; (3) clarify supporting document requirements so
that motor carriers and drivers can comply efficiently with HOS
regulations, and so that motor carriers can make the best use of ELDs
and related support systems as their primary means of recording HOS
information and ensure HOS compliance; and (4) adopt procedural and
technical provisions aimed at ensuring that ELDs are not used to harass
vehicle operators. The Agency published a Supplemental Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (SNPRM) on March 28, 2014, and the comment period
ended on June 26, 2014.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 113 of the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Authorization Act of 1994, Public Law 103-311, 108 Stat.
1673, 16776-1677, August 26, 1994, (HMTAA) requires the Secretary to
prescribe regulations to improve compliance by CMV drivers and motor
carriers with HOS requirements and the effectiveness and efficiency of
Federal and State enforcement officers reviewing such compliance.
Specifically, the Act addresses requirements for supporting documents.
Section 32301(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhancement
Act, enacted as part of MAP-21 (Public Law 112-141, 126 Stat. 405, 786-
788 (July 6, 2012), mandated that the Secretary adopt regulations
requiring that CMVs involved in interstate commerce, operated by
drivers who are required to keep RODS, be equipped with ELDs.
 Alternatives: FMCSA is considering several alternatives to the
proposal, including alternate populations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FMCSA estimates costs of $1.6B and
benefits of $2.0B for the rule, discounted at 7% in 2013 dollars.
 Risks: FMCSA has not yet fully assessed the risks that might be
associated with this activity.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/01/11 76 FR 5537
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/28/11 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 03/10/11 76 FR 13121
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/23/11 .......................
SNPRM............................... 03/28/14 79 FR 17656
SNPRM Comment Period End............ 05/27/14 .......................
SNPRM Analyzing Comments............ 03/00/15 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: The Agency previously published an NPRM on
this subject under RIN 2126-AA76, ``Hours of Service of Drivers;
Supporting Documents'' (63 FR 19457, Apr. 20, 1998) and an SNPRM,
``Hours of Service of Drivers: Supporting Documents'' (69 FR 63997,
Nov. 3, 2004). The Agency withdrew the SNPRM on October 25, 2007, 72 FR
60614. The previous proceeding can be found in docket No. FMCSA-1998-
3706.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deborah M. Freund, Senior Transportation
Specialist, Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202 366-5370, Email: deborah.freund@dot.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 2126-AA89, Related to 2126-AA76
 RIN: 2126-AB20

DOT--FMCSA

Final Rule Stage

113. + Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (MAP-
21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 31306
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 382.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, October 1, 2014, Clearinghouse
required to be established by 10/01/2014.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create a central database for
verified positive controlled substances and alcohol test results for
commercial driver[acute]s license (CDL) holders and refusals by such
drivers to submit to

[[Page 76596]]

testing. This rulemaking would require employers of CDL holders and
service agents to report positive test results and refusals to test
into the Clearinghouse. Prospective employers, acting on an application
for a CDL driver position with the applicant[acute]s written consent to
access the Clearinghouse, would query the Clearinghouse to determine if
any specific information about the driver applicant is in the
Clearinghouse before allowing the applicant to be hired and to drive
CMVs. This rulemaking is intended to increase highway safety by
ensuring CDL holders, who have tested positive or have refused to
submit to testing, have completed the U.S. DOT[acute]s return-to-duty
process before driving CMVs in interstate or intrastate commerce. It is
also intended to ensure that employers are meeting their drug and
alcohol testing responsibilities. Additionally, provisions in this
rulemaking would also be responsive to requirements of the Moving Ahead
for Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-21) Act. MAP-21 requires creation
of the Clearinghouse by 10/1/14.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would improve the safety of the
Nation's highways by ensuring that employers know when drivers test
positive for drugs and/or alcohol, and are not qualified to drive. It
would also ensure that drivers who have tested positive and have not
completed the return-to-duty process are not driving, and ensure that
all employers are meeting their drug and alcohol testing
responsibilities.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 32402 of the Moving Ahead for
Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21)) (Pub. L. 112-141, 126 Stat.
405) directs the Secretary of Transportation to establish a national
clearinghouse for controlled substance and alcohol test results of
commercial motor vehicle operators. In addition, FMCSA has general
authority to promulgate safety standards, including those governing
drivers' use of drugs or alcohol while operating a CMV. The Motor
Carrier Safety Act of 1984 Public Law 98-554 (the 1984 Act) provides
authority to regulate drivers, motor carriers, and vehicle equipment,
and requires the Secretary of Transportation to prescribe minimum
safety standards for CMVs. These standards include: (1) That CMVs are
maintained, equipped loaded, and operated safely; (2) the
responsibilities imposed on CMV operators do not impair their ability
to operate the vehicles safely; (3) the physical condition of CMV
operators is adequate to enable them to operate the vehicles safely;
and (4) CMV operation does not have a deleterious effect on the
physical condition of the operators 49 U.S.C. 31136(a).
 Alternatives: To be determined.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency estimates $187 million in
annual benefits from increased crash reduction from the rule. This is
against an estimated $155 million in total annual costs for employers
to complete the annual and pre-employment queries and to designate C/
TPAs, for SAPs to input information from drivers undergoing the return-
to-duty process, for various entities to report and notify positive
tests and to register and become familiar with the rule, for drivers to
consent to release of records, and for FMCSA to maintain and operate
the Clearinghouse, and for drivers to go through the return-to-duty
process. Total net benefits of the rule thus are $32 million annually.
 Risks: There is a risk of not knowing when a driver has not
completed the return-to-duty process and enabling job-hopping within
the industry.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/20/14 79 FR 9703
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/21/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/22/14 79 FR 22467
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in E.O. 13132.
 Additional Information: MAP-21 included provisions for a Drug and
Alcohol Test Clearinghouse that affect this rulemaking.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Juan Moya, Department of Transportation, Federal
Motor Carrier Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE.,
Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-4844, Email: juan.moya@dot.gov
 RIN: 2126-AB18

DOT--NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (NHTSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

114. +Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium-and Heavy-Duty Vehicles and
Work Trucks: Phase 2

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 32902(k)(2); 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 523; 49 CFR 534; 49 CFR 534.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would address fuel efficiency standards
for medium- and heavy-duty on-highway vehicles and work trucks for
model years beyond 2018. This rulemaking would respond to requirements
of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA), title 1,
subtitle A, sections 102 and 108, as they amend 49 U.S.C. 32902, which
was signed into law December 19, 2007. The statute requires that NHTSA
establish a medium- and heavy-duty on-highway vehicle and work truck
fuel efficiency improvement program that achieves the maximum feasible
improvement, including standards that are appropriate, cost-effective,
and technologically feasible. The law requires that the new standards
provide at least 4 full model years of regulatory lead-time and 3 full
model years of regulatory stability (i.e., the standards must remain in
effect for 3 years before they may be amended). This action would
follow the first ever Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel
Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles
(Phase 1) (76 FR 57106, September 15, 2011). In June 2013, the
President's Climate Action Plan called for the Department of
Transportation to develop fuel efficiency standards and the
Environmental Protection Agency to develop greenhouse gas emission
standards in joint rulemaking within the President's second term. In
February 2014, the President directed DOT and EPA to complete the
second phase of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency
Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles during his
second term.
 Statement of Need: Setting fuel consumption standards for
commercial medium-duty and heavy-duty on-highway vehicles and work
trucks will reduce fuel consumption, and will thereby improve U.S.
energy security by reducing dependence on foreign oil, which has been a
national objective since the first oil price shocks in the 1970s. Net
petroleum imports now

[[Page 76597]]

account for approximately 60 percent of U.S. petroleum consumption.
World crude oil production is highly concentrated, exacerbating the
risks of supply disruptions and price shocks. Tight global oil markets
led to prices over $100 per barrel in 2008, with gasoline reaching as
high as $4 per gallon in many parts of the U.S., causing financial
hardship for many families and businesses. The export of U.S. assets
for oil imports continues to be an important component of the
historically unprecedented U.S. trade deficits. Transportation accounts
for about 72 percent of U.S. petroleum consumption. Medium-duty and
heavy-duty vehicles account for about 17 percent of transportation oil
use, which means that they alone account for about 12 percent of all
U.S. oil consumption.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking would respond to
requirements of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007
(EISA), title 1, subtitle A, sections 102 and 108, as they amend 49
U.S.C. 32902, which was signed into law December 19, 2007. In June
2013, the Presidents Climate Action Plan called for the Department of
Transportation to develop fuel efficiency standards and the
Environmental Protection Agency to develop greenhouse gas emission
standards in joint rulemaking within the Presidents second term. In
February 2014, the President directed DOT and EPA to complete the
second phase of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency
Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles during his
second term.
 Alternatives: In Phase 1, NHTSA evaluated nine alternatives; (1)
heavy-duty engines, only (2) Class 8 combination tractors and engines
in Class 8 tractors, (3) heavy-duty engines and Class 7 and 8 tractors,
(4) heavy-duty engines, Class 7 and 8 tractors, and Class 2b/3 pickup
trucks and vans, (5) NPRM Preferred Alternative: heavy-duty engines,
tractors, and Class 2b through 8 vehicles, (6) heavy-duty engines,
tractors, Class 2b through 8 vehicles and trailers, (7) heavy-duty
engines, tractors, Class 2b through 8 vehicles, and trailers plus
advanced hybrid powertrain technology for Class 2b through 8 vocational
vehicles, pickups and vans, (8) 15 percent less stringent that the NPRM
Preferred Alternative, covering heavy-duty engines, tractors, and Class
2b through 8 vehicles, (9) 20 percent more stringent that the NPRM
Preferred Alternative, covering heavy-duty engines, tractors, and Class
2b through 8 vehicles.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The costs and benefits associated
with this rulemaking have not yet been quantified.
 Risks: The agency believes there are no substantial risks to this
rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: James Tamm, Fuel Economy Division Chief, Department
of Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 1200
New Jersey Ave. SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-493-0515. Email:
james.tamm@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AL52

DOT--NHTSA

Final Rule Stage

115. + Sound for Hybrid and Electric Vehicles

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 30111; 49 U.S.C. 30115; 49 U.S.C. 30117;
49 U.S.C. 30166; 49 U.S.C. 322; delegation of authority at 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 571; 49 CFR 585.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, July 5, 2012, Initiate rulemaking.
Final, Statutory, January 3, 2014, Final Rule. Legislation requires the
Secretary of Transportation to initiate rulemaking by July 2012, and
issue a final rule not later than January 2014.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would respond to the Pedestrian Safety
Enhancement Act of 2010, which directs the Secretary of Transportation
to study and establish a motor vehicle safety standard that provides
for a means of alerting blind, and other pedestrians of motor vehicle
operation for hybrid and electric vehicles. The PRIA contains an
estimate of 2,800 fewer injured pedestrians and pedalcyclists (35
equivalent lives saved) at a total estimated cost of $23.5 million at
the 3 percent discount rate, and $22.9 million at the 7 percent
discount rate, should the requirements of the NPRM be made final.
 Statement of Need: The Pedestrian Safety Enhancement Act of 2010,
signed into law on January 4, 2011, directs the Secretary to study and
establish a motor vehicle safety standard that provides for a means of
alerting blind and other pedestrians of motor vehicle operation. The
agency's proposed safety standard, issued January 14, 2013, will
require hybrid and electric passenger cars, light trucks and vans
(LTVs), medium and heavy duty trucks, buses, low speed vehicles (LSVs),
and motorcycles to meet specified sound requirements as required by the
Act. This standard will ensure that blind, visually-impaired, and other
pedestrians are able to detect and recognize nearby hybrid and electric
vehicles. The proposal estimated that 2,800 total pedestrians injured
will be avoided, due to this proposal's representation of 35 equivalent
lives saved.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 30111, title 49 of the U.S.C.,
states that the Secretary shall prescribe motor vehicle safety
standards.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered and sought public comment on
alternatives including: (1) Taking no action; (2) requiring alert
sounds based on recordings of internal combustion engine (ICE)
vehicles; (3) specifying acoustic requirements for synthetic sounds
that would closely resemble sounds produced by ICE vehicles; (4)
setting requirements for alert sounds that possess aspects of both
sounds produced by ICE vehicles and acoustic elements that contribute
to detectability; and (5) using psychoacoustic principals to develop
requirements for alert sounds that would have enhanced detectability,
but would not necessarily have a reference to sounds produced by ICE
vehicles.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In 2010 dollars at a 7 percent
discount rate, the total costs are estimated to be $24.4 million and
monetized benefits at $134.1 million, with net benefits estimated at
$109.7 million.
 Risks: The Agency believes that there are no significant risks
associated with this rulemaking, and that only beneficial outcomes will
occur.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/14/13 78 FR 2797
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/15/13 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have

[[Page 76598]]

international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Marisol Medri, Safety Engineer, Department of
Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 1200
New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-6987,
Email: marisol.medri@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AK93

DOT--NHTSA

116. +Electronic Stability Control Systems for Heavy Vehicles (MAP-21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 30111; 49 U.S.C. 30115; 49 U.S.C. 30117;
49 U.S.C. 30166; 49 U.S.C. 322; delegation of authority at 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 571.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, October 1, 2014, Final Rule.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would promulgate a new Federal standard
that would require stability control systems on truck tractors and
motorcoaches that address both rollover and loss-of-control crashes,
after an extensive research program to evaluate the available
technologies, an evaluation of the costs and benefits, and a review of
manufacturer[acute]s product plans. Rollover and loss-of-control
crashes involving heavy vehicles is a serious safety issue that is
responsible for 304 fatalities and 2,738 injuries annually. They are
also a major cause of traffic tie-ups, resulting in millions of dollars
of lost productivity, and excess energy consumption each year.
Suppliers and truck and motorcoach manufacturers have developed
stability control technology for heavy vehicles to mitigate these types
of crashes. Our preliminary estimate produces an effectiveness range of
37 to 56 percent against single-vehicle tractor-trailer rollover
crashes and 3 to 14 percent against loss-of-control crashes that result
from skidding on the road surface. With these effectiveness estimates,
annually, we estimate 29 to 66 lives would be saved, 517 to 979 MAIS 1
to 5 injuries would be reduced, and 810 to 1,693 crashes that involved
property damage only would be eliminated. Additionally, it would save
$10 to $26 million in property damage and travel delays. Based on the
technology unit costs and affected vehicles, we estimate technology
costs would be $55 to 107 million, annually. However, the costs savings
from reducing travel delay and property damage would produce net
benefits of $128 to $372 million. This rulemaking is responsive to
requirements of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-
21) Act.
 Statement of Need: Rollover and loss-of-control crashes involving
combination truck tractors and large buses is a serious safety issue
that is responsible for 268 fatalities and 3,000 injuries annually.
They are also a major cause of traffic tie-ups, resulting in millions
of dollars of lost productivity, and excess energy consumption each
year. This action is consistent with our detailed plans for improving
motorcoach passenger protection, laid out in NHTSA's Approach to
Motorcoach Safety 2007, and the Department of Transportation 2009
Motorcoach Action Plan (Docket No. NHTSA-2007-28793), as well as the
agency's Vehicle Safety and Fuel Economy Rulemaking and Research
Priority Plan 2011-2013 (Docket No. NHTSA-2009-0108), and is responsive
to 3 recommendations issued by the National Transportation Safety
Board.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 30111, title 49 of the U.S.C.,
states that the Secretary shall prescribe motor vehicle safety
standards.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two regulatory alternatives.
First, we considered requiring truck tractors and large buses to be
equipped with roll stability control (RSC) systems. The second
alternative considered was requiring trailers to be equipped with RSC
systems. When compared to the proposal, these alternatives provide
fewer benefits because they are less effective at preventing rollover
crashes and much less effective at preventing loss-of-control crashes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: According to the NPRM, the
anticipated total costs are expected to be $113.6 million for the
150,000 truck tractors and 2,200 large buses produced in 2012. The
agency estimates the proposal has the potential to save 49 to 60
fatalities, 649 to 858 injuries, and 1,807 to 2,329 crashes annually.
The net cost per equivalent life saved at a 7 percent discount rate is
estimated to range from $2.0 to $2.6 million, and for a 3 percent
discount rate is $1.5 to $2.0 million. The net benefits are $155 to
$222 million at a 7 percent discount rate, and $228 to $310 million at
a 3 percent discount rate.
 Risks: The Agency believes that there are no significant risks
associated with this rulemaking, and that only beneficial outcomes will
occur.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/23/12 77 FR 30766
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/21/12 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: George Soodoo, Chief, Vehicle Safety Dynamics
Division (NVS-122), Department of Transportation, National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington,
DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-2720, Fax: 202-366-4329, Email:
george.soodoo@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AK97

DOT--FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION (FTA)

Proposed Rule Stage

117. +State Safety Oversight (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 112 to 141, sec 20021
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 659.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will set standards for State safety
oversight of rail transit systems and criteria for award of FTA grant
funds to help the States develop and carry out their oversight
programs.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21, effective Oct. 1, 2012) made substantial changes
to the program for State safety oversight of rail fixed guideway public
transportation systems, and created a new program of Federal financial
assistance to the States for the purpose of conducting their oversight
of rail transit system safety. This rulemaking will flesh out the
statutory changes to the program, and set the process for making grants
of Federal funding to the States.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 49 U.S.C. 5329(e)(9) requires the Secretary
to issue regulations to carry out the State safety oversight program
for rail fixed guideway public transportation systems.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking will amend the regulations at 49 CFR
part

[[Page 76599]]

659 that have been in place since 1995. The single most important
change this rulemaking entails is the flexible, scalable Safety
Management Systems (SMS) approach that the U.S. Dept. of Transportation
is applying to help ensure safety in all modes of transportation-SMS
can be tailored both to the size, complexity, and mode of operation for
a transit system, and the State agency that is overseeing the safety of
a rail transit system.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rulemaking will not entail any
significant change to the annualized monetary costs and benefits of the
State safety oversight rules that have been in place since 1995. The
costs and benefits will be assessed during the development of the NPRM,
but it's critical to note that State safety oversight of rail transit
systems will no longer be an unfunded mandate; for the first time,
under MAP-21, Federal funding will be available to the States to assist
them in conducting their oversight, and this rulemaking will set the
process for making the FTA grants to the States.
 Risks: This rulemaking will not regulate any entities other than
States that have rail fixed guideway public transportation systems and
the State safety oversight Agencies that conduct oversight of those
rail transit systems. The Federal funding for State safety oversight
will be apportioned by formula, based on the statutory criteria set
forth in 49 U.S.C. 5329(e)(6)(B)(i), thus, this rulemaking poses no
risks for the regulated communities other than the risks inherent in
conducting the oversight of the safety of the rail transit systems for
which they are responsible.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Candace Key, Attorney Advisor, Department of
Transportation, Federal Transit Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-9178, Email:
candace.key@dot.gov
 RIN: 2132-AB19

DOT--PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (PHMSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

118. +Pipeline Safety: Safety of On-Shore Liquid Hazardous Pipelines

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 195.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would address effective procedures that
hazardous liquid operators can use to improve the protection of high
consequence areas (HCA) and other vulnerable areas along their
hazardous liquid onshore pipelines. PHMSA is considering whether
changes are needed to the regulations covering hazardous liquid onshore
pipelines, whether other areas should be included as HCAs for integrity
management (IM) protections, what the repair timeframes should be for
areas outside the HCAs that are assessed as part of the IM program,
whether leak detection standards are necessary, valve spacing
requirements are needed on new construction or existing pipelines, and
PHMSA should extend regulation to certain pipelines currently exempt
from regulation. The Agency would also address the public safety and
environmental aspects of any new requirements, as well as the cost
implications and regulatory burden.
 Statement of Need: This NPRM responds to NTSB recommendations, a
GAO recommendation, public safety community input, consideration of
research and technology advancements and the review of recent incident
and accident reports. Additionally, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory
Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (P.L. 112-90), includes several
provisions and mandates that are relevant to the 49 CFR particularly
section 195.452. If adopted, the proposals in this NPRM will better
protect the public, property, and the environment by ensuring that
additional pipelines are subject to improved regulation, thus
increasing the detection and remediation of pipeline anomalies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress established the current framework
for regulating the safety of hazardous liquid pipelines in the
Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Safety Act (HLPSA) of 1979 (Pub. L. 96 to
129). Like its predecessor, the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968
(Pub. L. 90 to 481), the HLPSA provided the Secretary of Transportation
(Secretary) with the authority to prescribe minimum Federal safety
standards for hazardous liquid pipeline facilities. That authority, as
amended in subsequent reauthorizations, is currently codified in the
Pipeline Safety Laws (49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.).
 Alternatives: The various alternatives analyzed included no action
``status quo'' and individualized alternatives based on the proposed
amendments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost and benefits of this rule
are to be determined.
 Risks: The proposed rule will provide increased safety for the
regulated entities and reduce pipeline safety risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 10/18/10 75 FR 63774
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/18/11 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 01/04/11 76 FR 303
ANPRM Extended Comment Period End... 02/18/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: John A Gale, Transportation Regulations Specialist,
Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202-366-0434, Email: john.gale@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE66

DOT--PHMSA

119. +Pipeline Safety: Gas Transmission (RRR)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 192
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In this rulemaking, PHMSA will be revisiting the
requirements in the Pipeline Safety Regulations, addressing integrity
management principles for gas transmission pipelines. In particular,
PHMSA will be reviewing the definition of an HCA (including the concept
of a potential impact radius), the repair criteria for both HCA and
non-HCA areas, requiring the use of automatic and remote-controlled
shut off valves, valve

[[Page 76600]]

spacing, and whether applying the integrity management program
requirements to additional areas would mitigate the need for class
location requirements.
 Statement of Need: PHMSA will be reviewing the definition of an HCA
(including the concept of a potential impact radius), the repair
criteria for both HCA and non-HCA areas, requiring the use of automatic
and remote-controlled shut off valves, valve spacing, and whether
applying the integrity management program requirements to additional
areas would mitigate the need for class location requirements. This
rulemaking is in direct response to Congressional mandates in the 2011
Pipeline Reauthorization Act, specifically; section 4 (e) Gas IM plus 6
months, section 5(IM), 8 (leak detection), 23 (b)(2) (exceedance of
MAOP); section 29 (seismicity).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress has authorized Federal regulation
of the transportation of gas by pipeline under the Commerce Clause of
the U.S. Constitution. Authorization is codified in the Pipeline Safety
Laws (49 U.S.C.s 60101 et seq.), a series of statutes that are
administered by the DOT and PHMSA. PHMSA has used that authority to
promulgate comprehensive minimum safety standards for the
transportation of gas by pipeline.
 Alternatives: Alternatives analyzed included no change, and
extension of the compliance deadlines associated with the major cost of
the requirement area; namely, development and implementation of
management-of-change processes that apply to all gas transmission
pipelines beyond that which already applies to beyond IMP- and control
center-related processes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: PHMSA does not expect the proposed
rule to adversely affect the economy or any sector of the economy in
terms of productivity and employment, the environment, public health,
safety, or State, local, or tribal government. PHMSA has also
determined, as required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act, that the
rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial
number of small entities in the United States. Additionally, PHMSA
determined that the rule would not impose annual expenditures on State,
local, or tribal governments in excess of $152 million, and thus does
not require an Unfunded Mandates Reform Act analysis. However, the rule
would impose annual expenditure in the private sector in excess of $152
million.
 Risks: This proposed rule will strengthen current pipeline
regulations and lower the safety risk of all regulated entities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 08/25/11 76 FR 5308
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 11/16/11 76 FR 70953
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 12/02/11 .......................
End of ANPRM Comment Period Extended 01/20/12 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: SB-Y IC-N SLT-N.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cameron H Satterthwaite, Transportation Regulations
Specialist, Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous
Materials Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE.,
Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-8553, Email:
cameron.satterthwaite@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE72

DOT--PHMSA

Final Rule Stage

120. +Hazardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational
Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 171; 49 CFR 172; 49 CFR 173; 49 CFR 174; 49
CFR 179
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would amend proposes new operational
requirements for certain trains transporting a large volume of
flammable materials, provide improvements in tank car standards, and
revise the generalmaterials improvements in tank car standards and
revision of the general requirements for offerors to ensure proper
classification and characterization of mined gases and liquids. These
new requirements are designed to lessen the consequences of derailments
involving ethanol crude oil and certain trains transporting a large
volume of flammable materials. The growing reliance on trains to
transport large volumes of flammable materials poses a significant risk
to life property and the environment. These significant risks have been
highlighted by the recent derailments of trains carrying crude oil in
Casselton, North Dakota; Aliceville, Alabama; and Lac-M[eacute]gantic,
Quebec Canada. The proposed changes also address National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) recommendations on accurate
classification, enhanced tank cars, rail routing, oversight, and
adequate response capabilities.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking is a crucial step by DOT to
reduce the risks related to the transportation of hazardous materials
by rail. Preventing tank car incidents and minimizing the consequences
when an incident does occur are not only DOT priorities, but are also
shared by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), industry,
and the general public. These same groups also question the
survivability of general service tank cars built to the current
regulatory requirements. To this end, PHMSA will consider regulatory
amendments to enhance the standards for tank cars, most notably, DOT
Specification 111 tank cars used to transport certain hazardous
materials and explore additional operational requirements to enhance
the safe transportation of hazardous materials by rail.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The authority of 49 U.S.C. 5103(b), which
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to ``prescribe regulations
for the safe transportation, including security, of hazardous materials
in intrastate, interstate, and foreign commerce.''
 Alternatives: PHMSA and FRA are committed to a comprehensive
approach to addressing the risk and consequences of derailments
involving hazardous materials by addressing not only survivability of
rail car designs, but the operational practices of rail carriers.
Obtaining information and comments in an NPRM provided the greatest
opportunity for public participation in the development of regulatory
amendments, and promote greater exchange of information and
perspectives among the various stakeholders to promote future
regulatory action on these issues.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The NPRM requested comments on both
the path forward and the economic impacts. We are evaluating comments
prior to developing the final rule, and once the final rule is drafted
the costs and benefits will be detailed.

[[Page 76601]]

Risks: DOT conducted research on long-standing safety concerns
regarding the survivability of the DOT Specification 111 tank cars
designed to current HMR requirements, and used for the transportation
of flammable liquids. The research found that special consideration is
necessary for the transportation of flammable liquids in DOT
Specification 111 tank cars, especially when a train is configured as a
unit train. Through the research, DOT identified and ranked several
enhancements to the current specifications that would increase tank car
survivability. The highest-ranked options are low cost and the most
effective at preventing loss of containment and catastrophic failure of
a DOT Specification 111 tank car during a derailment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 09/06/13 78 FR 54849
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/05/13 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 11/05/13 78 FR 66326
ANPRM Comment Period Extended End... 12/05/13 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/01/14 79 FR 45015
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/30/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: HM-251; SB-Y, IC-Y, SLT-N; This rulemaking
will provide the greatest opportunity for public participation in the
development of regulatory amendments, and promote greater exchange of
information and perspectives among the various stakeholders. The
rulemaking will lead to more focused and well-developed amendments that
reflect the views of all regulated entities. Comments received to the
NPRM were used in our evaluation and development of future regulatory
action on these issues.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Ben Supko, Transportation Regulations Specialist,
Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202-366-8553, Email: ben.supko@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE91
BILLING CODE 4910-9X-P

DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The primary missions of the Department of the Treasury are:
 To promote prosperous and stable American and world
economies, including promoting domestic economic growth and maintaining
our Nation's leadership in global economic issues, supervising national
banks and thrift institutions, and helping to bring residents of
distressed communities into the economic mainstream.
 To manage the Government's finances by protecting the
revenue and collecting the correct amount of revenue under the Internal
Revenue Code, overseeing customs revenue functions, financing the
Federal Government and managing its fiscal operations, and producing
our Nation's coins and currency.
 To safeguard the U.S. and international financial systems
from those who would use these systems for illegal purposes or to
compromise U.S. national security interests, while keeping them free
and open to legitimate users.
 Consistent with these missions, most regulations of the Department
and its constituent bureaus are promulgated to interpret and implement
the laws as enacted by the Congress and signed by the President. It is
the policy of the Department to comply with applicable requirements to
issue a notice of proposed rulemaking and carefully consider public
comments before adopting a final rule. Also, the Department invites
interested parties to submit views on rulemaking projects while a
proposed rule is being developed.
 To the extent permitted by law, it is the policy of the Department
to adhere to the regulatory philosophy and principles set forth in
Executive Orders 12866, 13563, and 13609 and to develop regulations
that maximize aggregate net benefits to society while minimizing the
economic and paperwork burdens imposed on persons and businesses
subject to those regulations.
Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) issues
regulations to implement and enforce the Federal laws relating to
alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and ammunition excise taxes and certain
non-tax laws relating to alcohol. TTB's mission and regulations are
designed to:
 (1) Collect the taxes on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and ammunition;
 (2) Protect the consumer by ensuring the integrity of alcohol
products; and
 (3) Prevent unfair and unlawful market activity for alcohol and
tobacco products.
 In the last several years, TTB has recognized the changes in the
industries it regulates, as well as the modernized enforcement tools
available to it. As a consequence, TTB has focused on revising its
regulations to ensure that it accomplishes its mission in a way that
facilitates industry growth, while at the same time protecting the
revenue and consumers of alcohol beverages. This modernization effort
has resulted in the updating of Parts 9 (American Viticultural Areas)
and 19 (Distilled Spirits Plants) of Title 27 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. In addition to its beverage alcohol regulations, TTB
published in fiscal year (FY) 2013, a temporary rule and concurrent
NPRM pertaining to permits for importers of tobacco products and
processed tobacco that would extend the duration of new permits from
three years to five years. Furthermore, TTB published an NPRM
concerning denatured alcohol and products made with industrial alcohol.
The proposed amendments would remove unnecessary regulatory burdens on
the industrial alcohol industry as well as TTB, and would align the
regulations with current industry practice. These latter three rules
all published in June 2013.
 In fiscal year 2014, TTB published a direct final rule amending its
regulations in 27 CFR part 73 regarding the electronic submission of
forms and other documents. To streamline the application process
through TTB's secure, web-based applications (Permits Online, COLAs
Online, and Formulas Online) and to enable current and prospective
industry members to submit all required application forms
electronically, TTB amended part 73 to provide for the electronic
submission to TTB of forms requiring third-party signatures, such as
bond forms and powers of attorney. Copies of such forms, bearing all
required signatures and seals, may now be submitted electronically,
along with a certification that the copy is an exact copy of the
original, provided the submitter maintains the original along with
other records and makes it available or submits it to TTB upon request.
TTB further amended part 73 to provide that any requirement in the TTB
regulations to submit a document to another agency may be met by the
electronic submission of the document to the other agency, as long as
the other agency provides for, and authorizes, the

[[Page 76602]]

electronic submission of such document.
 In that same final rule, TTB amended its regulations in 27 CFR part
19 governing the records that distilled spirits plant (DSP) proprietors
must keep of finished products, by removing the requirement that DSP
proprietors keep a daily summary record of the kind of distilled
spirits bottled or packaged. Finally, TTB amended its regulations in 27
CFR parts 26 and 27 regarding closures that must be affixed to
containers of imported distilled spirits products or of such products
brought into the United States from Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands.
The amendments remove a requirement that a part of the closure remain
attached to the container when opened, thereby aligning the regulations
for such products with those applicable to domestic distilled spirits
products. In summary, the amendments made by this final rule have
lessened the regulatory burden on industry members by, among other
changes: (1) providing for the electronic submission of documents
requiring third-party signatures or corporate seals and of documents
that the TTB regulations require be submitted to other agencies; (2)
removing a recordkeeping requirement in 27 CFR 19.601 for DSP
proprietors; and (3) removing a regulatory requirement related to the
types of closures that must be used on certain distilled spirits
containers.
 In FY 2015, TTB will continue its multi-year Regulations
Modernization effort by finalizing its Specially Denatured and
Completely Denatured Alcohol regulations and prioritizing projects that
will update its Labeling Requirements regulations, Import and Export
regulations, Nonbeverage Products regulations, and Distilled Spirits
Plant Reporting Requirements.
 This fiscal year TTB plans to give priority to the following
regulatory matters:
 Revisions to Specially Denatured and Completely Denatured Alcohol
Regulations. TTB proposed changes to regulations for specially
denatured alcohol (SDA) and completely denatured alcohol (CDA) that
would result in cost savings for both TTB and regulated industry
members. These amendments are necessary because they provide a
reduction in regulatory burden while posing no risk to the revenue.
 Under the authority of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (IRC), TTB regulates denatured alcohol that is unfit for
beverage use, which may be removed from a regulated distilled spirits
plant free of tax. SDA and CDA are widely used in the American fuel,
medical, and manufacturing sectors. The industrial alcohol industry far
exceeds the beverage alcohol industry in size and scope, and it is a
rapidly growing industry in the United States. Some concerns have been
raised that the current regulations may create significant roadblocks
for industry members in getting products to the marketplace quickly and
efficiently. To help alleviate these concerns, TTB plans to issue a
final rule that will reclassify certain SDA formulas as CDA and issue
new general-use formulas for articles made with SDA. As a result of
these changes, industry members would need to seek formula approval
from TTB less frequently, and, in turn, TTB could decrease the
resources it dedicates to formula review.
 TTB estimates that these changes will result in an 80 percent
reduction in the formula approval submissions currently required from
industry members and will reduce total annual paperwork burden hours on
affected industry members from 2,415 to 517 hours. The reduction in
formula submissions will enable TTB to redirect its resources to
address backlogs that exist in other areas of TTB's mission activities,
such as analyses of compliance samples for industrial/fuel alcohol to
protect the revenue and working with industry to test and approve new
and more environmentally friendly denaturants. Additionally, the
reclassification of certain SDA formulas to CDA formulas will not
jeopardize the revenue because it is more difficult to separate potable
alcohol from CDA than it is from SDA, and because CDA has an offensive
taste and is less likely to be used for beverage purposes. Similarly,
authorizing new general-use formulas will not jeopardize the revenue
because it will be difficult to remove potable alcohol from articles
made with the specific SDA formulations. Other changes made by this
final rule will remove unnecessary regulatory burdens and update the
regulations to align them with current industry practice.
 Revisions to the Labeling Requirements (Parts 4 (Wine), 5
(Distilled Spirits), and 7 (Malt Beverages)). The Federal Alcohol
Administration Act requires that alcohol beverages introduced in
interstate commerce have a label issued and approved under regulations
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. In accordance with the
mandate of Executive Order 13563 of January 18, 2011, regarding
improving regulation and regulatory review, TTB has conducted an
analysis of its regulations to identify any that might be outmoded,
ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome, and to modify,
streamline, expand, or repeal them in accordance with what has been
learned. As a result of its review, TTB has near-term plans to revise
the regulations concerning the approval of labels for wine, distilled
spirits, and malt beverages, to reduce the cost to TTB of reviewing and
approving an ever-increasing number of applications for label approval
(well over 130,000 per year). The regulations are being reviewed to
assess their relevance in the 21st century. Revisions will provide
clarity to industry to improve voluntary compliance. Currently, the
review and approval process requires a staff of at least 13 people for
the pre-approval of labels, in addition to management review. The goal
of these regulatory changes, to be developed with industry input, is to
accelerate the approval process, which will result in the regulated
industries being able to bring products to market without undue delay.
 Selected Revisions to Export and Import Regulations Related to the
International Trade Data System. TTB is currently preparing for the
implementation of the International Trade Data System (ITDS) and,
specifically, the transition to an all-electronic import and export
environment. The ITDS, as described in section 405 of the Security and
Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (the ``SAFE Port Act'')
(Public Law 109-347), is an electronic information exchange capability,
or ``single window,'' through which businesses will transmit data
required by participating agencies for the importation or exportation
of cargo. To enhance Federal coordination associated with the
development of the ITDS and put in place specific deadlines for
implementation, President Obama, on February 19, 2014, signed an
Executive Order (EO) on Streamlining the Export/Import Process for
America's Businesses. In line with section 3(e) of the EO, TTB was
required to develop an implementation timeline for ITDS implementation.
Regulatory review for transition to the all-electronic environment is
part of that process.
 TTB has completed its review of the regulatory requirements and
identified those that it intends to update to account for the new all-
electronic environment. TTB has not only focused on identifying
requirements in order to align them with the new environment (such as
amending requirements that reference submission of paper documents at
entry), but also is reviewing existing requirements and processes to
determine where modifications could better take

[[Page 76603]]

advantage of the all-electronic capability while reducing burden. TTB
is planning to publish rulemaking on its import and export regulations
in FY15, for example, this rulemaking will address the collection of
TTB F 5100.31 (Application for and Certification/Exemption of Label/
Bottle Approval) and foreign certificate data in the ITDS environment.
 In recent years, TTB has identified selected sections of its export
regulations (27 CFR part 28) that should be amended to assist industry
members in complying with the regulations. Current regulations require
industry members to obtain documents and follow procedures that are
outdated and not entirely consistent with current industry practices
regarding exportation. As part of its effort to accommodate
implementation of ITDS, TTB's proposed regulatory revisions will also
provide industry members with clear and updated procedures for removal
of alcohol for exportation without having to pay excise taxes (under
the IRC, beverage alcohol may be removed for exportation without
payment of tax), thus increasing their willingness and ability to
export their products. Increasing American exports benefits the
American economy and is consistent with Treasury and Administration
priorities.
 Revision of the Part 17 Regulations, ``Drawback on Taxpaid
Distilled Spirits Used in Manufacturing Nonbeverage Products,'' to
Allow Self-Certification of Nonbeverage Product Formulas. TTB is
considering revisions to the regulations in 27 CFR part 17 governing
nonbeverage products made with taxpaid distilled spirits. These
nonbeverage products include foods, medicines, and flavors. This
proposal offers a new method of formula certification by incorporating
quantitative standards into the regulations and establishing new
voluntary procedures that would further streamline the formula review
process for products that meet the standards. These proposals pose no
risk to the revenue because TTB will continue to review the formulas;
however, TTB will not take action on certified formula submissions
unless the formulas require correction. This proposal would nearly
eliminate the need for TTB to formally approve all nonbeverage product
formulas by proposing to allow for self-certification of such formulas.
The changes would result in significant cost savings for an important
industry, which currently must obtain formula approval from TTB, and
some savings for TTB, which must review and take action to approve or
disapprove each formula.
 Revisions to Distilled Spirits Plant Reporting Requirements. In FY
2012, TTB published an NPRM proposing to revise regulations in 27 CFR
part 19 to replace the current four report forms used by distilled
spirits plants to report their operations on a monthly basis with two
new report forms that would be submitted on a monthly basis. (Plants
that file taxes on a quarterly basis would submit the new reports on a
quarterly basis.) This project, which was included in the President's
FY 2012 budget for TTB as a cost-saving item, will address numerous
concerns and desires for improved reporting by the affected distilled
spirits industry and result in cost savings to the industry and TTB by
significantly reducing the number of monthly plant operations reports
that must be completed and filed by industry members and processed by
TTB. TTB preliminarily estimates that this project will result in an
annual savings of approximately 23,218 paperwork burden hours (or 11.6
staff years) for industry members and 629 processing hours (or 0.3
staff years) and $12,442 per year for TTB in contractor time. In
addition, TTB estimates that this project will result in additional
savings in staff time (approximately 3 staff years) equaling $300,000
annually based on the more efficient and effective processing of
reports and the use of report data to reconcile industry member tax
accounts. Based on comments received in response to the NPRM, TTB plans
to revise the proposal and re-notice the issue.
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
 The Bureau of the Fiscal Service (Fiscal Service) administers
regulations pertaining to the Government's financial activities,
including: (1) Implementing Treasury's borrowing authority, including
regulating the sale and issue of Treasury securities, (2) Administering
Government revenue and debt collection, (3) Administering
Governmentwide accounting programs, (4) Managing certain Federal
investments, (5) Disbursing the majority of Government electronic and
check payments, (6) Assisting Federal agencies in reducing the number
of improper payments, and (7) Providing administrative and operational
support to Federal agencies through franchise shared services.
 During fiscal year 2015, the Fiscal Service will accord priority to
the following regulatory projects:
 Amendment to Large Position Reporting Requirements. On behalf of
Treasury (Financial Markets), the Fiscal Service plans to amend the
Government Securities Act regulations (17 CFR chapter IV) to modify the
large position reporting rules to improve the information reported so
that Treasury can better understand supply and demand dynamics in
certain Treasury securities.
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for Publishing Delinquent Debtor
Information. The Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-
134, 110 Stat. 1321 (DCIA) authorizes Federal agencies to publish or
otherwise publicly disseminate information regarding the identity of
persons owing delinquent nontax debts to the United States for the
purpose of collecting the debts, provided certain criteria are met.
Treasury proposes to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking seeking
comments on a proposed rule that would establish the procedures Federal
agencies must follow before promulgating their own rules to publish
information about delinquent debtors and the standards for determining
when use of this debt collection remedy is appropriate.
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
 The Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund)
was established by the Community Development Banking and Financial
Institutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). The mission of the
CDFI Fund is to increase economic opportunity and promote community
development investments for underserved populations and in distressed
communities in the United States. The CDFI Fund currently administers
the following programs: The Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFI) Program, the Bank Enterprise Award (BEA) Program,
the Native American CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and the New Markets
Tax Credit (NMTC) Program, the Financial Education and Counseling Pilot
Program (FEC), the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), and the CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program (BGP).
 In FY 2015, the CDFI Fund will publish updated regulations for its
BEA Program and CDFI Program to incorporate the requirements of the
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards (2 CFR part 200). In December 2013, the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) published a final rule that
provides a government-wide framework for grants management, with the
goal of combining several OMB guidance circulars, reducing
administrative burden for award Recipients, and

[[Page 76604]]

reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of Federal financial
assistance. The Uniform Federal Award Requirements codifies financial,
administrative, procurement, and program management standards that
Federal award agencies must follow. Each Federal agency is anticipated
to codify these requirements by the end of calendar year 2014.
Customs Revenue Functions
 The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (the Act) provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury retains sole legal authority over the customs
revenue functions. The Act also authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to delegate any of the retained authority over customs revenue
functions to the Secretary of Homeland Security. By Treasury Department
Order No. 100-16, the Secretary of the Treasury delegated to the
Secretary of Homeland Security authority to prescribe regulations
pertaining to the customs revenue functions subject to certain
exceptions. This Order further provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury retained the sole authority to approve such regulations.
 During the past fiscal year, among the customs-revenue function
regulations issued were the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion
Agreement final rule, the United States--Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement final rule, and the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA)
and Generalized System of Preferences and Trade Benefits under AGOA
final rule. On October 1, 2013, U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(CBP) published the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement
final rule (78 FR 60191) that adopted interim amendments (77 FR 59064)
of September 26, 2012, to the CBP regulations which implemented the
preferential tariff treatment and other customs-related provisions of
the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation
Act. On May 21, 2014, CBP issued the United States--Panama Trade
Promotion Agreement final rule (79 FR 29077) that adopted interim
amendments (78 FR 63052) of October 23, 2013, to the CBP regulations,
which implemented the preferential tariff treatment and other customs-
related provisions of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement Implementation Act that took effect on October 31, 2012. In
addition, CBP issued the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) and
Generalized System of Preferences and Trade Benefits under AGOA final
rule (79 FR 30356) on May 27, 2014, that adopted the interim amendments
(65 FR 59668 and 68 FR 13820) of October 5, 2000, and March 21, 2003,
respectively, to the CBP regulations.
 On December 18, 2013, Treasury and CBP published a final rule
titled Members of a Family for Purposes of Filing a CBP Family
Declaration (78 FR 76529) that amended the regulations by expanding the
definition of the term, ``members of a family residing in one
household,'' to allow more U.S. returning residents traveling as a
family upon their arrival in the United States to be eligible to group
their duty exemptions and file a single customs declaration for
articles acquired abroad.
 This past fiscal year, consistent with the goals of Executive
Orders 12866 and 13563, Treasury and CBP proposed changes to
Documentation Related to Goods Imported From U.S. Insular Possessions
on January 14, 2014 (79 FR 2395), to eliminate the requirement that a
customs officer at the port of export verify and sign CBP Form 3229,
Certificate of Origin for U.S. Insular Possessions, and to require
instead that the importer present this form, upon CBP's request, rather
than submit it with each entry as the current regulations require. The
changes proposed would streamline the entry process by making it more
efficient as it would reduce the overall administrative burden on both
the trade and CBP. If the importer does not maintain CBP Form 3229 in
its possession, the importer may be subject to a recordkeeping penalty.
CBP plans to finalize this rule during fiscal year 2015.
 During fiscal year 2015, CBP and Treasury also plan to give
priority to the following regulatory matters involving the customs
revenue functions:
 In-Bond Process. Consistent with the practice of continuing to move
forward with Customs Modernization provisions of the North American
Free Trade Implementation Act to improve its regulatory procedures,
Treasury and CBP plan to finalize this fiscal year the proposal to
change the in-bond process by issuing final regulations to amend the
in-bond regulations that were proposed on February 22, 2012 (77 FR
10622). The proposed changes, including the automation of the in-bond
process, would modernize, simplify, and facilitate the in-bond process
while enhancing CBP's ability to regulate and track in-bond merchandise
to ensure that in-bond merchandise is properly entered or exported.
 Free Trade Agreements. Treasury and CBP also plan to issue final
regulations this fiscal year to implement the preferential trade
benefit provisions of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement
Implementation Act. Treasury and CBP also expect to issue interim
regulations implementing the preferential trade benefit provisions of
the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.
 Customs and Border Protection's Bond Program. Treasury and CBP plan
to publish a final rule amending the regulations to reflect the
centralization of the continuous bond program at CBP's Revenue
Division. The changes proposed would support CBP's bond program by
ensuring an efficient and uniform approach to the approval,
maintenance, and periodic review of continuous bonds, as well as
accommodating the use of information technology and modern business
practices.
 Disclosure of Information for Certain Intellectual Property Rights
Enforced at the Border. Treasury and CBP plan to finalize interim
amendments to the CBP regulations which provides a pre-seizure notice
procedure for disclosing information appearing on the imported
merchandise and/or its retail packing suspected of bearing a
counterfeit mark to an intellectual property right holder for the
limited purpose of obtaining the right holder's assistance in
determining whether the mark is counterfeit or not.
Internal Revenue Service
 The Internal Revenue Service (IRS), working with the Office of Tax
Policy, promulgates regulations that interpret and implement the
Internal Revenue Code and related tax statutes. The purpose of these
regulations is to carry out the tax policy determined by Congress in a
fair, impartial, and reasonable manner, taking into account the intent
of Congress, the realities of relevant transactions, the need for the
Government to administer the rules and monitor compliance, and the
overall integrity of the Federal tax system. The goal is to make the
regulations practical and as clear and simple as possible.
 During fiscal year 2015, the IRS will accord priority to the
following regulatory projects:
 Tax-Related Affordable Care Act Provisions. On March 23, 2010, the
President signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010
(Pub. L. 111-148) and on March 30, 2010, the President signed the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-152)
(referred to collectively as the Affordable Care Act (ACA)). The ACA's
reform of the health insurance system affects individuals, families,
employers, health care providers, and health insurance providers. The
ACA provides authority for Treasury and the IRS to issue regulations
and other guidance to

[[Page 76605]]

implement tax provisions in the ACA, some of which are already
effective and some of which will become effective over the next several
years. Since enactment of the ACA, Treasury and the IRS have issued a
series of temporary, proposed, and final regulations implementing over
a dozen provisions of the ACA, including the premium tax credit under
section 36B, the small-business health coverage tax credit under
section 45R, new requirements for charitable hospitals under section
501(r), limits on tax preferences for remuneration provided by certain
health insurance providers under section 162(m)(6), the employer shared
responsibility provisions under section 4980H, the individual shared
responsibility provisions under section 5000A, insurer and employer
reporting under sections 6055 and 6056, and several revenue-raising
provisions, including fees on branded prescription drugs under section
9008 of the ACA, fees on health insurance providers under section 9010
of the ACA, the tax on indoor tanning services under 5000B, the net
investment income tax under section 1411, and the additional Medicare
tax under sections 3101 and 3102.
 In fiscal year 2015, Treasury and the IRS will continue to provide
guidance to implement tax provisions of the ACA, including:
 Final regulations related to numerous aspects of the
premium tax credit under section 36B, including the determination of
minimum value of eligible-employer-sponsored plans;
 Final regulations on application for recognition of tax
exemption as a qualified nonprofit health insurer under section
501(c)(29);
 Final regulations on new requirements for charitable
hospitals under section 501(r);
 Final regulations regarding issues related to the net
investment income tax under section 1411; and
 Final regulations concerning minimum essential coverage
and other rules regarding the individual shared responsibility
provision under section 5000A.
 Interest on Deferred Tax Liability for Contingent Payment
Installment Sales. Section 453 of the Internal Revenue Code generally
allows taxpayers to report the gain from a sale of property in the
taxable year or years in which payments are received, rather than in
the year of sale. Section 453A of the Code imposes an interest charge
on the tax liability that is deferred as a result of reporting the gain
when payments are received. The interest charge generally applies to
installment obligations that arise from a sale of property using the
installment method if the sales price of the property exceeds $150,000,
and the face amount of all such installment obligations held by a
taxpayer that arose during, and are outstanding as of the close of, a
taxable year exceeds $5,000,000. The interest charge provided in
section 453A cannot be determined under the terms of the statute if an
installment obligation provides for contingent payments. Accordingly,
in section 453A(c)(6), Congress authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue regulations providing for the application of section
453A in the case of installment sales with contingent payments.
Treasury and the IRS intend to issue proposed regulations that, when
finalized, will provide guidance and reduce uncertainty regarding the
application of section 453A to contingent payments.
 Rules for Home Construction Contracts. In general, section 460(a)
requires taxpayers to use the percentage-of-completion method (PCM) to
account for taxable income from any long-term contract. Under the PCM,
income is generally reported in installments as work is performed, and
expenses are generally deducted in the taxable year incurred. However,
taxpayers with contracts that meet the definition of a ``home
construction contract,'' under section 460(e)(4), are not required to
use the PCM for those contracts and may, instead, use an exempt method.
Exempt methods include the completed contract method (CCM) and the
accrual method. Under the CCM, for example, a taxpayer generally takes
into account the entire gross contract price and all incurred allocable
contract costs in the taxable year the taxpayer completes the contract.
Treasury and the IRS believe that amended rules are needed to reduce
uncertainty and controversy, including litigation, regarding when a
contract qualifies as a ``home construction contract'' and when the
income and allocable deductions are taken into account under the CCM.
On August 4, 2008, Treasury and the IRS published proposed regulations
on the types of contracts that are eligible for the home construction
contract exemption. The preamble to those regulations stated that
Treasury and the IRS expected to propose additional rules specific to
home construction contracts accounted for using the CCM. After
considering comments received and the need for additional and clearer
rules to reduce ongoing uncertainty and controversy, Treasury and the
IRS have determined that it would be beneficial to taxpayers to present
all of the proposed changes to the current regulations in a single
document. Treasury and the IRS plan to withdraw the 2008 proposed
regulations and replace them with new, more comprehensive proposed
regulations.
 Research Expenditures. Section 41 of the Internal Revenue Code
provides a credit against taxable income for certain expenses paid or
incurred in conducting research activities. To assist in resolving
areas of controversy and uncertainty with respect to research expenses,
Treasury and the IRS plan to issue regulations with respect to the
definition and credit eligibility of expenditures for internal use
software, the election of the alternative simplified credit, and the
allocation of the credit among members of a controlled group.
 Estate Tax Portability of Decedent's Unused Exclusion Amount. The
Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation
Act of 2010 (TRA of 2010) amended sections 2010 and 2505 of the
Internal Revenue Code to provide an estate of a decedent survived by a
spouse the opportunity to transfer, or port, unused applicable
exclusion amount to and for the benefit of the surviving spouse.
Although the portability provisions of TRA of 2010 were originally
scheduled to expire on December 31, 2012, the American Taxpayer Relief
Act of 2012 made the portability provisions permanent. Treasury and the
IRS plan to issue final regulations on or before June 15, 2015, to
replace sunsetting temporary regulations. The final regulations will
provide rules for electing portability, determining the unused
exclusion amount available from the estate of the first-to-die spouse
to the surviving spouse, and applying the ported unused exclusion
amount to the surviving spouse's subsequent transfers.
 Arbitrage Investment Restrictions on Tax-Exempt Bonds. The
arbitrage investment restrictions on tax-exempt bonds under section 148
generally limit issuers from investing bond proceeds in higher-yielding
investments. On September 16, 2013, Treasury and the IRS published
proposed regulations (78 FR 56842) to address selected current issues
involving the arbitrage investment restrictions, including guidance on
the issue price definition used in the computation of bond yield,
working capital financings, grants, investment valuation,
modifications, terminations of qualified hedging transactions, and
selected other issues. Treasury and the IRS plan to provide additional
guidance on the arbitrage investment restrictions, including guidance
on the issue price definition used in the computation of bond yield.

[[Page 76606]]

Guidance on the Definition of Political Subdivision for Tax-Exempt,
Tax-Credit, and Direct-Pay Bonds. A political subdivision may be a
valid issuer of tax-exempt, tax-credit, and direct-pay bonds. Concerns
have been raised about what is required for an entity to be a political
subdivision. Treasury and the IRS plan to provide additional guidance
under section 103 for determining when an entity is a political
subdivision.
 Contingent Notional Principal Contract Regulations. Notice 2001-44
(2001-2 CB 77) outlined four possible approaches for recognizing
nonperiodic payments made or received on a notional principal contract
(NPC) when the contract includes a nonperiodic payment that is
contingent in fact or in amount. The Notice solicited further comments
and information on the treatment of such payments. After considering
the comments received in response to Notice 2001-44, Treasury and the
IRS published proposed regulations (69 FR 8886) (the 2004 proposed
regulations) that would amend section 1.446-3 and provide additional
rules regarding the timing and character of income, deduction, gain, or
loss with respect to such nonperiodic payments, including termination
payments. On December 7, 2007, Treasury and IRS released Notice 2008-2
requesting comments and information with respect to transactions
frequently referred to as prepaid forward contracts. Treasury and the
IRS plan to re-propose regulations to address issues relating to the
timing and character of nonperiodic contingent payments on NPCs,
including termination payments and payments on prepaid forward
contracts.
 Tax Treatment of Distressed Debt. A number of tax issues relating
to the amount, character, and timing of income, expense, gain, or loss
on distressed debt remain unresolved. In addition, the tax treatment of
distressed debt, including distressed debt that has been modified, may
affect the qualification of certain entities for tax purposes or result
in additional taxes on the investors in such entities, such as
regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts (REITs),
and real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs). During fiscal
year 2014, Treasury and the IRS addressed some of these issues through
published guidance, including guidance on an entity's qualification as
a REIT in the context of transactions involving distressed mortgage
loans. Treasury and the IRS plan to address more of these issues in
published guidance.
 Definition of Real Property and Qualifying Income for REIT
Purposes. A taxpayer must satisfy certain asset and income requirements
to qualify as a REIT under section 856. REITs have sought to invest in
various types of assets that are not directly addressed by the current
regulations or other published guidance. On May 14, 2014, Treasury and
the IRS published proposed regulations (79 FR 27508) to update and
clarify the definition of real property for REIT qualification
purposes, including guidance addressing whether a component of a larger
item is tested on its own or only as part of the larger item, the scope
of the asset to be tested, and whether certain intangible assets
qualify as real property. Treasury and the IRS plan to finalize the
proposed regulations in the fiscal year. Treasury and the IRS also plan
to provide guidance clarifying the definition of income for purposes of
section 856.
 Corporate Spin-offs and Split-offs. Section 355 and related
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code allow for the tax-free
distribution of stock or securities of a controlled corporation if
certain requirements are met. For example, the distributing corporation
must distribute a controlling interest in the controlled corporation,
and both the distributing and controlled corporations must be engaged
in the active conduct of a trade or business immediately after the
distribution. The Treasury Department and the IRS intend to provide
guidance on the qualification of a distribution for tax-free treatment
under section 355, including (1) final regulations that address when a
corporation is treated as engaged in an active trade or business, and
(2) final regulations that define predecessor or successor corporation
for purposes of the exception to tax-free treatment under section
355(e). The Treasury Department and the IRS also intend to provide
guidance relating to the tax treatment of other transactions undertaken
as part of a plan that includes a distribution of stock or securities
of a controlled corporation, such as changes to the voting power of the
controlled corporation's stock in anticipation of the distribution, the
issuance of debt of the distributing corporation and retirement of such
debt using stock or securities of the controlled corporation, and the
transfer of cash or property between a distributing or controlled
corporation and its shareholder(s) in connection with the distribution.
 Disguised Sale and Allocation of Liabilities. A contribution of
property by a partner to a partnership may be recharacterized as a sale
under section 707(a)(2)(B) if the partnership distributes to the
contributing partner cash or other property that is, in substance,
consideration for the contribution. The allocation of partnership
liabilities to the partners under section 752 may impact the
determination of whether a disguised sale has occurred and whether gain
is otherwise recognized upon a distribution. Treasury and the IRS
issued proposed regulations to address certain issues that arise in the
disguised sale context and other issues regarding the partners' shares
of partnership liabilities. Treasury and the IRS are considering
comments on the proposed regulations and expect to issue regulations in
fiscal year 2015.
 Certain Partnership Distributions Treated as Sales or Exchanges. In
1954, Congress enacted section 751 to prevent the use of a partnership
to convert potential ordinary income into capital gain. In 1956,
Treasury and the IRS issued regulations implementing section 751. The
current regulations, however, do not always achieve the purpose of the
statute. In 2006, Treasury and the IRS published Notice 2006-14 (2006-1
CB 498) to propose and solicit alternative approaches to section 751
that better achieve the purpose of the statute while providing greater
simplicity. Treasury and the IRS are currently working on proposed
regulations following up on Notice 2006-14. These regulations will
provide guidance on determining a partner's interest in a partnership's
section 751 property and how a partnership recognizes income required
by section 751.
 Penalties and Limitation Periods. Congress amended several penalty
provisions in the Internal Revenue Code in the past several years.
Treasury and the IRS intend to publish a number of guidance projects in
fiscal year 2015 addressing these penalty provisions. Specifically,
Treasury and the IRS intend to publish final regulations under section
6708 regarding the penalty for failure to make available upon request a
list of advisees that is required to be maintained under section 6112.
The proposed regulations were published on March 8, 2013. Treasury and
the IRS also intend to publish proposed regulations under sections
6662, 6662A, and 6664 to provide further guidance on the circumstances
under which a taxpayer could be subject to the accuracy related penalty
on underpayments or reportable transaction understatements and the
reasonable cause exception. Further, Treasury and the IRS intend to
publish (1) final regulations under section 6501(c)(10) regarding the
extension of

[[Page 76607]]

the period of limitations to assess any tax with respect to a listed
transaction that was not disclosed as required under section 6011, and
(2) proposed regulations under section 6707A addressing statutory
changes to the method of computing the penalty for failure to disclose
reportable transactions.
 Inversion Transactions. On September 22, 2014, Treasury and the IRS
issued Notice 2014-52, addressing the application of sections 7874 and
367 to inversions, as well as certain tax avoidance transactions that
are undertaken after an inversion transaction. In this fiscal year,
Treasury and the IRS expect to issue regulations implementing the rules
described in Notice 2014-52. Also in this fiscal year, Treasury and the
IRS expect to issue additional guidance to further limit inversion
transactions that are contrary to the purposes of section 7874 and the
benefits of post-inversion tax avoidance transactions. In addition,
under the terms of the statute, section 7874 will not apply to an
inversion if the post-transaction group has substantial business
activities in the country in which the foreign acquiring corporation is
organized when compared to the total business activities of the group.
On June 7, 2012, Treasury and the IRS issued temporary regulations
regarding the determination of whether a group satisfies the
substantial business activities test. During fiscal year 2015, Treasury
and the IRS intend to finalize these regulations.
 Information Reporting for Foreign Accounts of U.S. Persons. In
March 2010, chapter 4 (sections 1471 to 1474) was added to subtitle A
of the Internal Revenue Code as part of the Hiring Incentives to
Restore Employment Act (HIRE Act) (Pub. L. 111-147). Chapter 4 was
enacted to address concerns with offshore tax evasion by U.S. citizens
and residents and generally requires foreign financial institutions
(FFIs) to enter into an agreement (FFI Agreement) with the IRS to
report information regarding financial accounts of U.S. persons and
certain foreign entities with significant U.S. ownership. An FFI that
does not enter into an FFI Agreement, or that is not otherwise deemed
compliant with FATCA, generally will be subject to a withholding tax on
the gross amount of certain payments from U.S. sources. The Treasury
Department and the IRS have issued proposed, temporary, and final
regulations under chapter 4; and proposed and temporary regulations
under chapters 3 and 61, and section 3406, to coordinate with those
chapter 4 regulations; as well as implementing revenue procedures and
other guidance. The Treasury Department and the IRS expect to issue
further guidance with respect to FATCA and related provisions in this
fiscal year.
 Withholding on Certain Dividend Equivalent Payments on Certain
Equity Derivatives. The HIRE Act also added section 871(l) to the Code
(now section 871(m)), which designates certain substitute dividend
payments in security lending and sale-repurchase transactions and
dividend-referenced payments made under certain notional principal
contracts as U.S.-source dividends for Federal tax purposes. In
response to this legislation, on May 20, 2010, the IRS issued Notice
2010-46, addressing the requirements for determining the proper
withholding in connection with substitute dividends paid in foreign-to-
foreign security lending and sale-repurchase transactions. On January
23, 2012, Treasury and the IRS issued temporary and proposed
regulations addressing cases in which dividend equivalents will be
found to arise in connection with notional principal contracts and
other financial derivatives. On December 5, 2013, Treasury and the IRS
released final regulations relating to the 2012 temporary and proposed
regulations. At the same time, Treasury and the IRS issued new proposed
regulations based on comments received with respect to the 2012
proposed regulations. Treasury and the IRS expect to finalize these
regulations in this fiscal year.
 International Tax Provisions of the Education Jobs and Medicaid
Assistance Act. On August 10, 2010, the Education Jobs and Medicaid
Assistance Act of 2010 (EJMAA) (Pub. L. 111-226) was signed into law.
The law includes a significant package of international tax provisions,
including limitations on the availability of foreign tax credits in
certain cases in which U.S. tax law and foreign tax law provide
different rules for recognizing income and gain, and in cases in which
income items treated as foreign source under certain tax treaties would
otherwise be sourced in the United States. The legislation also limits
the ability of multinationals to reduce their U.S. tax burdens by using
a provision intended to prevent corporations from avoiding U.S. income
tax on repatriated corporate earnings. Other new provisions under this
legislation limit the ability of multinational corporations to use
acquisitions of related party stock to avoid U.S. tax on what would
otherwise be taxable distributions of dividends. The statute also
includes a new provision intended to tighten the rules under which
interest expense is allocated between U.S.- and foreign-source income
within multinational groups of related corporations when a foreign
corporation has significant amounts of U.S.-source income that is
effectively connected with a U.S. business. Treasury and the IRS
published temporary and proposed regulations addressing foreign tax
credits under section 909 in 2012, published temporary and proposed
regulations in 2012 and final regulations in 2014 updating the interest
allocation regulations to conform to the 2010 amendments to section
864(e)(5)(A), and issued two notices providing guidance under section
901(m) in 2014. Treasury and the IRS expect to issue additional
guidance on EJMAA in this fiscal year, including additional guidance
under section 901(m), final regulations under section 909, and
temporary and proposed regulations under section 304(b)(5)(B).
 Transfers of Intangibles to Foreign Corporations. Section 367(d) of
the Internal Revenue Code requires, except as provided in regulations,
a U.S. person who transfers intangible property to a foreign
corporation in an exchange described in section 351 or section 361 of
the Code to treat the transfer as a sale for payments which are
contingent upon the productivity, use, or disposition of such property,
and to take into account amounts which reasonably reflect the amounts
which would have been received annually in the form of such payments
over the useful life of such property, or at the time of the
disposition of the property. The amounts so taken into account must be
commensurate with the income attributable to the intangible. Under
existing temporary regulations issued in 1986, section 367(d) is made
inapplicable to the transfer of ``foreign goodwill or going concern
value,'' as defined in the regulations. The existing regulations
provide general guidance regarding the application of section 367(d),
although controversy regarding the application of section 367(d) to
certain transfers led the Treasury and the IRS to publish Notice 2012-
39 on July 13, 2012. Treasury and the IRS intend to issue additional
guidance in this fiscal year to reduce uncertainty and controversy in
this area.
 Section 501(c) guidance. After reviewing over 150,000 comments
submitted on the proposed regulations under section 501(c)(4) published
in fiscal year 2014, Treasury and the IRS plan to issue revised
proposed regulations that provide guidance under section 501(c)
relating to limitations on political campaign activities of certain
tax-exempt organizations.

[[Page 76608]]

Guidance responding to the SEC's money market reform rule. On July
23, 2014, the SEC adopted a final rule to reduce the systemic risk that
money market funds present to the national economy. Later that day, IRS
and the Treasury Department issued simplifying guidance designed to
ameliorate the tax compliance difficulties that the SEC rule would
otherwise pose to certain money market funds and their shareholders. In
fiscal year 2015, the Treasury Department and the IRS intend to
finalize the portion of this simplifying guidance that is only
proposed.
 Guidance Relating to Publicly Traded Partnerships. Section 7704 of
the Internal Revenue Code provides that a partnership whose interests
are traded on either an established securities market or on a secondary
market (a ``publicly traded partnership'') is generally treated as a
corporation for Federal tax purposes. However, section 7704(c) permits
publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for Federal
tax purposes if 90 percent or more of partnership income consists of
``qualifying income.'' Section 7704(d) provides that income is
generally qualifying income if it is passive income or is derived from
exploration, development, mining or production, processing, refining,
transportation, or marketing of a mineral or natural resource.
Legislative history accompanying section 7704(d) provides little
insight into the intended scope of this natural resource exception, and
no administrative guidance has been issued. As technologies and
commercial practices in the natural resource industries have evolved,
uncertainty has arisen about the proper interpretation of the natural
resource exception. Treasury and the IRS intend to issue guidance in
this fiscal year to reduce uncertainty in this area.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
 As chief administrator of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) is responsible for developing and
implementing regulations that are the core of the Department's anti-
money laundering and counter-terrorism financing efforts. FinCEN's
responsibilities and objectives are linked to, and flow from, that
role. In fulfilling this role, FinCEN seeks to enhance U.S. national
security by making the financial system increasingly resistant to abuse
by money launderers, terrorists and their financial supporters, and
other perpetrators of crime.
 The Secretary of the Treasury, through FinCEN, is authorized by the
BSA to issue regulations requiring financial institutions to file
reports and keep records that are determined to have a high degree of
usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory matters or in the conduct of
intelligence or counter-intelligence activities to protect against
international terrorism. The BSA also authorizes requiring designated
financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs and
compliance procedures. To implement and realize its mission, FinCEN has
established regulatory objectives and priorities to safeguard the
financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including
terrorist financing, money laundering, and other illicit activity.
These objectives and priorities include: (1) issuing, interpreting, and
enforcing compliance with regulations implementing the BSA; (2)
supporting, working with, and as appropriate, overseeing compliance
examination functions delegated to other Federal regulators; (3)
managing the collection, processing, storage, and dissemination of data
related to the BSA; (4) maintaining a government-wide access service to
that same data and for network users with overlapping interests; (5)
conducting analysis in support of policymakers, law enforcement,
regulatory and intelligence agencies, and the financial sector; and (6)
coordinating with and collaborating on anti-terrorism and anti-money
laundering initiatives with domestic law enforcement and intelligence
agencies, as well as foreign financial intelligence units.
 During fiscal year 2014, FinCEN issued the following regulatory
actions:
 Amendments to the Definitions of Funds Transfer and Transmittal of
Funds in the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) Regulations. On December 5, 2013,
FinCEN issued a Final Rule jointly with the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System amending the regulatory definitions of ``funds
transfer'' and ``transmittal of funds'' under the regulations
implementing the BSA. The changes maintain the existing scope to the
definitions and were necessary in light of changes to the Electronic
Fund Transfer Act that would have resulted in certain currently covered
transactions being excluded from BSA requirements.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program and Suspicious Activity Reporting
(SAR) Requirements for Housing Government-Sponsored Enterprises. On
February 25, 2014, FinCEN issued a Final Rule defining certain housing
government-sponsored enterprises as financial institutions for the
purpose of requiring them to establish anti-money laundering programs
and report suspicious activity to FinCEN pursuant to the BSA.
 Imposition of Special Measure against FBME Bank Ltd., formerly
known as Federal Bank of the Middle East, Ltd., as a Financial
Institution of Primary Money Laundering Concern. On July 22, 2014,
FinCEN issued a finding that FBME Bank Ltd. (FBME) is a financial
institution operating outside of the United States that is of primary
money laundering concern under section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act. On
July 22, 2014, FinCEN issued an NPRM to impose the fifth special
measure against the institution. The fifth special measure prohibits or
conditions the opening or maintaining of correspondent or payable-
through accounts for the designated institution by U.S. financial
institutions. In conjunction with the NPRM, FinCEN issued an order
imposing certain recordkeeping and reporting obligations on covered
financial institutions and principal money transmitters with respect to
transactions involving FBME.
 Customer Due Diligence Requirements. On August 4, 2014, FinCEN
issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to solicit public comment
on proposed rules under the BSA to clarify and strengthen customer due
diligence requirements for banks, brokers or dealers in securities,
mutual funds, and futures commission merchants and introducing brokers
in commodities. The proposed rules contain explicit customer due
diligence requirements and include a new regulatory requirement to
identify beneficial owners of legal entity customers, subject to
certain exemptions.
 Administrative Rulings and Written Guidance. FinCEN published 13
administrative rulings and written guidance pieces, and provided 45
responses to written inquiries/correspondence interpreting the BSA and
providing clarity to regulated industries.
 FinCEN's regulatory priorities for fiscal year 2015 include
finalizing any initiatives mentioned above that are not finalized by
fiscal year end, as well as the following in-process and potential
projects:
 Amendment to the BSA Regulations--Definition of Monetary
Instrument. On October 17, 2011, FinCEN published an NPRM regarding
international transport of prepaid access devices because of the
potential to substitute prepaid access for cash and other monetary
instruments as a means to smuggle the proceeds of illegal activity into
and out of the United States. FinCEN continues to consider the issue
based on comments

[[Page 76609]]

received and developments in the prepaid industry. FinCEN intends to
issue a supplemental NPRM to provide additional information for
consideration and comment by the public.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program and SAR Requirements for Investment
Advisers. FinCEN has drafted an NPRM that would prescribe minimum
standards for anti-money laundering programs to be established by
certain investment advisers and to require such investment advisers to
report suspicious activity to FinCEN. FinCEN has been working closely
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on issues related to the
draft NPRM.
 Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts. FinCEN has drafted
an NPRM to address requests from filers for clarification of certain
requirements regarding the Report of Foreign Bank and Financial
Accounts (FBAR) including requirements with respect to employees, who
have signature authority over, but no financial interest in, the
foreign financial accounts of their employers.
 Cross Border Electronic Transmittal of Funds. On September 27,
2010, FinCEN issued an NPRM in conjunction with the feasibility study
prepared pursuant to the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2004 concerning the issue of obtaining information about certain
cross-border funds transfers and transmittals of funds. As FinCEN has
continued to work on developing the system to receive, store, and use
this data, FinCEN has drafted a Supplemental NPRM to update the
previously published proposed rule and provide additional information
to those banks and money transmitters that will become subject to the
rule.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program Requirements for Banks Lacking a
Federal Functional Regulator. FinCEN has drafted an NPRM to remove the
anti-money laundering (AML) program exemption for banks that lack a
Federal functional regulator, including, but not limited to, private
banks, non-federally insured credit unions, and certain trust
companies. The proposed rule prescribes minimum standards for AML
programs and would ensure that all banks, regardless of whether they
are subject to Federal regulation and oversight, are required to
establish and implement AML programs.
 Amendments to the Definitions of Broker or Dealer in Securities.
FinCEN has drafted an NPRM that proposes amendments to the regulatory
definitions of broker or dealer in securities under the BSA
regulations. The proposed changes would expand the current scope of the
definitions to include funding portals and would require them to
implement policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with all of the BSA requirements that are currently
applicable to brokers or dealers in securities.
 Amendment to the Bank Secrecy Act Regulations--Registration,
Recordkeeping, and Reporting of Money Services Businesses. FinCEN is
considering issuing an NPRM to amend the requirements for money
services businesses with respect to registering with FinCEN and with
respect to the information reported during the registration process.
 Changes to the Travel and Recordkeeping Requirements for Funds
Transfers and Transmittals of Funds. FinCEN is considering changes to
require that more information be collected and maintained by financial
institutions on funds transfers and transmittals of funds and to lower
the threshold to $1,000 from $3,000, which would bring the United
States into greater compliance with several criteria in the Financial
Action Task Force (FATF) standards for cross-border wire transfers.
 Other Requirements. FinCEN also will continue to issue proposed and
final rules pursuant to section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act, as
appropriate. Finally, FinCEN expects that it may propose various
technical and other regulatory amendments in conjunction with its
ongoing, comprehensive review of existing regulations to enhance
regulatory efficiency, and as a result of the efforts of an interagency
task force currently focusing on improvements to the U.S. regulatory
framework for anti-money laundering.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
 The primary mission of the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (OCC) is to charter, regulate, and supervise all national
banks and Federal Savings Associations (FSAs). The agency also
supervises the Federal branches and agencies of foreign banks. The
OCC's goal in supervising the financial institutions subject to its
jurisdiction is to ensure that they operate in a safe and sound manner
and in compliance with laws requiring fair treatment of their customers
and fair access to credit and financial products.
 Significant rules issued during fiscal year 2014 include:
 Regulatory Capital Rules--Basel III (12 CFR parts 3, 5, 6, 165,
167). The OCC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(FRB) issued a final rule that revises the risk-based and leverage
capital requirements for banking organizations. (The Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) separately issued an interim final rule
that is substantively the same as the final rule issued by the OCC and
the FRB.) The final rule consolidates three separate proposed rules
that were published jointly by the OCC, FRB and FDIC (the banking
agencies) on August 30, 2012, 77 FR 52792, 52888, 52978, into one final
rule. The final rule implements a revised definition of regulatory
capital, a new common equity tier 1 minimum capital requirement, a
higher minimum tier 1 capital requirement, and, for banking
organizations subject to the advanced approaches risk-based capital
rules, a supplementary leverage ratio that incorporates a broader set
of exposures in the denominator. The final rule incorporates new
requirements into the banking agencies' prompt corrective action
framework and establishes limits on a banking organization's capital
distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking
organization does not hold a specified amount of common equity tier 1
capital in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-
based capital requirements. The final rule amends the methodologies for
determining risk-weighted assets for all banking organizations and
introduces disclosure requirements that would apply to top-tier banking
organizations domiciled in the United States with $50 billion or more
in total assets. The final rule also adopts changes required by the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Pub.
L. 111-203) (the Dodd-Frank Act) to implement more stringent capital
and leverage requirements and to replace regulatory references to
credit ratings with new creditworthiness measures. The final rule was
published on October 11, 2013, 78 FR 62018.
 Enhanced Supplementary Leverage Ratio (12 CFR part 3). The banking
agencies issued a final rule to strengthen the leverage ratio standards
for large, interconnected U.S. banking organizations. The rule applies
to any U.S. top-tier bank holding company (BHC) with at least $700
billion in total consolidated assets or at least $10 trillion in assets
under custody (covered BHC) and any insured depository institution
(IDI) subsidiary of these BHCs. In the Basel III final rule, the
banking agencies established a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of
3 percent (supplementary leverage ratio), consistent with the minimum

[[Page 76610]]

leverage ratio adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
for banking organizations subject to the advanced approaches risk-based
capital rules. In this final rule, the banking agencies establish a
``well capitalized'' threshold of 6 percent for the supplementary
leverage ratio for any IDI that is a subsidiary of a covered BHC, under
the agencies' prompt corrective action framework. The final rule was
issued on May 1, 2014, 79 FR 24528.
 Supplementary Leverage Ratio (12 CFR part 3). The banking agencies
issued a final rule to revise the denominator of the supplementary
leverage ratio (total leverage exposure) that the agencies adopted in
July 2013 as part of comprehensive revisions to the agencies'
regulatory capital rules (2013 capital rule). The rule revises the
treatment of on- and off-balance sheet exposures for purposes of
determining total leverage exposure, and more closely aligning the
agencies' rules on the calculation of total leverage exposure with
international leverage ratio standards. The proposed rule was issued on
May 1, 2014, 79 FR 24596. The final rule was issued on September 26,
2014, 79 FR 57725.
 Integration of National Bank and Federal Savings Association
Regulations: Licensing Rules (12 CFR parts 4, 5, 7, 14, 32, 34, 100,
116, 143, 144, 145, 146, 150, 152, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 174, 192,
193). The OCC issued a proposed rule to integrate its rules relating to
policies and procedures for corporate activities and transactions
involving national banks and FSAs. The proposed rule also revises some
of these rules in order to eliminate unnecessary requirements,
consistent with safety and soundness, and to make other technical and
conforming changes. The proposal also included amendments to update OCC
rules for agency organization and function. The proposed rule was
issued on June 10, 2014, 79 FR 33260.
 Assessment of Fees (12 CFR part 8). The OCC issued a final rule to
increase assessments for national banks and FSAs with assets of more
than $40 billion. The increase ranges between 0.32 percent and
approximately 14 percent, depending on the total assets of the
institution as reflected in its June 30, 2014, Consolidated Report of
Condition and Income. The average increase in assessments for affected
banks and FSAs will be 12 percent. The final rule will not increase
assessments for banks or FSAs with $40 billion or less in total assets.
The OCC will implement the increase in assessments by issuing an
amended Notice of Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Fees and
Assessments, which will become effective as of the semiannual
assessment due on September 30, 2014. In conjunction with the increase
in assessments, the final rule updates the OCC's assessment rule to
conform with section 318 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which reaffirmed the
authority of the Comptroller of the Currency to set the amount of, and
methodology for, assessments. The proposed rule was issued on April 28,
2014, 79 FR 23297. The final rule was issued on July 9, 2014 (79 FR
38769).
 Flood Insurance (12 CFR parts 22 and 172). The banking agencies,
Farm Credit Administration (FCA), and the National Credit Union
Administration (NCUA) proposed revisions to their regulations regarding
loans in areas having special flood hazards to implement provisions of
the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Biggert-Waters)
and the OCC issued a proposed rule to integrate its flood insurance
regulations for national banks, 12 CFR part 22, and FSAs, 12 CFR part
172. The proposed rule was issued on October 30, 2013, 78 FR 65108.
 OCC Guidelines Establishing Heightened Standards for Certain Large
Insured National Banks, Insured Federal Savings Associations, and
Insured Federal Branches; Integration of Regulations (12 CFR part 30).
The OCC issued a final rule adopting new Guidelines as an appendix to
its safety and soundness standards regulations that establish minimum
standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance
framework for large insured national banks, insured FSAs, and insured
Federal branches of foreign banks with average total consolidated
assets of $50 billion or more and minimum standards for a board of
directors in overseeing the framework's design and implementation. The
standards contained in the Guidelines are enforceable by the terms of a
Federal statute that authorizes the OCC to prescribe operational and
managerial standards for national banks and FSAs. The proposed rule was
issued on January 27, 2014, 79 FR 4282. The final rule was issued on
September 11, 2014, 79 FR 54518.
 Appraisals for Higher-Risk Mortgages (12 CFR parts 34, 164). The
banking agencies, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB),
Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), and the NCUA, issued a final
rule on February 13, 2013, 78 FR 10368, to amend Regulation Z and its
official interpretation. The rule revised Regulation Z to implement a
new Truth in Lending Act (TILA) provision requiring appraisals for any
``higher-risk mortgage'' that was added to TILA as part of the Dodd-
Frank Act. For mortgages with an annual percentage rate that exceeds
market-based prime mortgage rate benchmarks by a specified percentage,
the rule generally requires creditors to obtain an appraisal or
appraisals meeting certain specified standards, provide applicants with
a notification regarding the use of the appraisals, and give applicants
a copy of the written appraisals used. The agencies issued a
supplemental rule that would exempt from the requirements of the final
rule: (i) transactions secured by existing manufactured homes and not
land; (ii) certain streamlined refinancings; and (iii) transactions of
$25,000 or less. The supplemental final rule was issued on December 26,
2013, 78 FR 78520.
 Appraisal Management Companies (12 CFR part 34). The banking
agencies, FHFA, NCUA and CFPB, issued a proposed rule that would set
minimum standards for state registration and regulation of appraisal
management companies. The rule would implement the minimum requirements
in section 1473 of the Dodd-Frank Act to be applied by states in the
registration of appraisal management companies. It also would implement
the requirement in section 1473 of the Dodd-Frank Act for States to
report to the Appraisal Subcommittee (ASC) of the Federal Financial
Institutions Examination Council the information needed by the ASC to
administer the national registry of appraisal management companies. The
proposed rule was issued on April 9, 2014, 79 FR 19521.
 Prohibition and Restrictions on Proprietary Trading and Certain
Interests In, and Relationships with, Hedge Funds and Private Equity
Funds (12 CFR part 44). The banking agencies, the Securities & Exchange
Commission (SEC), and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)
issued final rules to implement section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act,
which contains certain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of
banking entities and nonbank financial companies supervised by the FRB
to engage in proprietary trading and have certain investments in, or
relationships with, hedge funds or private equity funds. The final rule
was issued on January 31, 2014, 79 FR 5536.
 Treatment of Certain Collateralized Debt Obligations Backed
Primarily by Trust Preferred Securities With Regard to Prohibitions and
Restrictions on Certain Interests in, and Relationships With, Hedge
Funds and Private Equity Funds (12 CFR part 44). The banking agencies,
the CFTC, and the SEC issued an interim final rule that would permit

[[Page 76611]]

banking entities to retain investments in certain pooled investment
vehicles that invested their offering proceeds primarily in certain
securities issued by community banking organizations of the type
grandfathered under section 171 of the Dodd-Frank Act. The interim
final rule was issued on January 31, 2014, 79 FR 5223.
 Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (12 CFR
part 45). The banking agencies, FCA, and the FHFA issued a proposed
rule to establish minimum margin and capital requirements for
registered swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap
dealers, and major security-based swap participants for which one of
the agencies is the prudential regulator. The proposed rule will
implement sections 731 and 764 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which require the
agencies to adopt rules jointly to establish capital requirements and
initial and variation margin requirements for such entities on all non-
cleared swaps and non-cleared security-based swaps in order to offset
the greater risk to such entities and the financial system arising from
the use of swaps and security-based swaps that are not cleared. The
proposed rule was issued on September 24, 2014, 79 FR 57347).
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (12 CFR 50). The banking agencies issued a
final rule to implement a quantitative liquidity requirement consistent
with the liquidity coverage ratio standard established by the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision. The requirement is designed to
promote improvements in the measurement and management of liquidity
risk. The final rule applies to all internationally active banking
organizations, that is, banking organizations with more than $250
billion in total assets or more than $10 billion in on-balance sheet
foreign exposure, and to consolidated subsidiary depository
institutions of internationally active banking organizations with $10
billion or more in total consolidated assets. The proposed rule was
issued on November 29, 2013, 78 FR 71818. The final rule was issued on
October 10, 2014, 79 FR 61439.
 Regulatory Publication and Review Under the Economic Growth and
Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (12 CFR chapter I). The
banking agencies are conducting a review of the regulations they have
issued to identify outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome
regulations for insured depository institutions. This review is
required by section 2222 of the Economic Growth and Regulatory
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (EGRPRA). The first of four Federal
Register requests for comment was issued on June 4, 2014, 79 FR 32172.
 Regulatory priorities for fiscal year 2015 include finalizing the
proposals and interim final rules listed above as well as the following
rulemakings:
 Flood Insurance (12 CFR parts 22 and 172). The banking agencies,
FCA, and NCUA plan to issue a proposed rule to amend their regulations
regarding loans in areas having special flood hazards to implement
certain provisions of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act
of 2014 (HFIAA), which amends some of the changes to the Flood Disaster
Protection Act of 1973 mandated by Biggert-Waters. The proposal would
establish requirements with respect to the escrow of flood insurance
payments, consistent with the changes set forth in HFIAA. The proposal
also would implement an exclusion in HFIAA for certain detached
structures from the mandatory flood insurance purchase requirement.
 Automated Valuation Models (Parts 34, 164). The banking agencies,
NCUA, FHFA and CFPB, in consultation with the Appraisal Subcommittee
and the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Foundation, are
required to promulgate regulations to implement quality-control
standards required for automated valuation models. Section 1473(q) of
the Dodd-Frank Act requires that automated valuation models used to
estimate collateral value for mortgage lending comply with quality-
control standards designed to: ensure a high level of confidence in the
estimates produced by automated valuation models; protect against
manipulation of data; seek to avoid conflicts of interest; require
random sample testing and reviews and account for other factors the
agencies deem appropriate. The agencies plan to issue a proposed rule
to implement the requirement for quality-control standards.
 Incentive-Based Compensation Arrangements (12 CFR part 42). Section
956 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires the banking agencies, NCUA, SEC, and
FHFA, to jointly prescribe regulations or guidance prohibiting any type
of incentive-based payment arrangement, or any feature of any such
arrangement, that the regulators determine encourages inappropriate
risks by covered financial institutions by providing an executive
officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive
compensation, fees or benefits, or that could lead to material
financial loss to the covered financial institution. The Dodd-Frank Act
also requires such agencies to jointly prescribe regulations or
guidance requiring each covered financial institution to disclose to
its regulator the structure of all incentive-based compensation
arrangements offered by such institution sufficient to determine
whether the compensation structure provides any officer, employee,
director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation or could
lead to material financial loss to the institution. The proposed rule
was issued on April 14, 2011, 76 FR 21170. Work on a final rule is
underway.
 Credit Risk Retention (12 CFR part 43). The banking agencies, SEC,
FHFA, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development proposed
rules to implement the credit risk retention requirements of section
15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o-11), as added
by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Section 15G generally requires
the securitizer of asset-backed securities to retain not less than 5
percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing the asset-
backed securities. Section 15G includes a variety of exemptions from
these requirements, including an exemption for asset-backed securities
that are collateralized exclusively by residential mortgages that
qualify as ``qualified residential mortgages,'' as such term is defined
by the agencies by rule. The proposal was issued on September 20, 2013,
78 FR 57928. Work on a final rule is underway.
 Source of Strength (12 CFR part 47). The banking agencies plan to
issue a proposed rule to implement section 616(d) of the Dodd-Frank
Act. Section 616(d) requires that bank holding companies, savings and
loan holding companies and companies that directly or indirectly
control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength
for the insured depository institution. The appropriate Federal banking
agency for the insured depository institution may require that the
company submit a report that would assess the company's ability to
comply with the provisions of the statute and its compliance.

Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Office

The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (TRIA) was signed into law
on November 26, 2002. The law, which was enacted as a consequence of
the events of September 11, 2001, established a temporary Federal
reinsurance program under which the Federal Government shares the risk
of losses associated with certain types of terrorist acts with
commercial property and casualty insurers. The Act, originally
scheduled

[[Page 76612]]

to expire on December 31, 2005, was extended to December 31, 2007, by
the Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act of 2005 (TRIEA). The Act has
since been extended to December 31, 2014, by the Terrorism Risk
Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (TRIPRA). Congress is
currently considering extending the Act for an additional period of
time.
 The Office of the Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions is
responsible for developing and promulgating regulations implementing
TRIA, as extended and amended by TRIEA and TRIPRA. The Terrorism Risk
Insurance Program Office, which is part of the Office of the Assistant
Secretary for Financial Institutions, is responsible for operational
implementation of TRIA. The purposes of this legislation are to address
market disruptions, ensure the continued widespread availability and
affordability of commercial property and casualty insurance for
terrorism risk, and to allow for a transition period for the private
markets to stabilize and build capacity while preserving State
insurance regulation and consumer protections.
 In the event Congress extends the Program Treasury will continue
the ongoing work of implementing TRIA and any changes contained in the
extension of the Act.
BILLING CODE 4810-25-P

DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) administers benefit
programs that recognize the important public obligations to those who
served this Nation. VA's regulatory responsibility is almost solely
confined to carrying out mandates of the laws enacted by Congress
relating to programs for veterans and their families. VA's major
regulatory objective is to implement these laws with fairness, justice,
and efficiency.
 Most of the regulations issued by VA involve at least one of three
VA components: The Veterans Benefits Administration, the Veterans
Health Administration, and the National Cemetery Administration. The
primary mission of the Veterans Benefits Administration is to provide
high-quality and timely nonmedical benefits to eligible veterans and
their dependents. The primary mission of the Veterans Health
Administration is to provide high-quality health care on a timely basis
to eligible veterans through its system of medical centers, nursing
homes, domiciliaries, and outpatient medical and dental facilities. The
primary mission of the National Cemetery Administration is to bury
eligible veterans, members of the Reserve components, and their
dependents in VA National Cemeteries and to maintain those cemeteries
as national shrines in perpetuity as a final tribute of a grateful
Nation to commemorate their service and sacrifice to our Nation.

VA Regulatory Priorities

VA's regulatory priorities include a special project to undertake a
comprehensive review and improvement of its existing regulations. The
first portion of this project is devoted to reviewing, reorganizing,
and rewriting the VA's compensation and pension regulations found in 38
CFR part 3. The goal of the Regulation Rewrite Project is to improve
the clarity and consistency of these regulations to make them easier to
find, read, understand, and apply.
 A second VA regulatory priority is to implement title I of the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, which was
signed into law on August 7, 2014. The purpose of the new law is to
establish a program to furnish hospital care and medical services
through non-VA health care providers to veterans who either cannot be
seen within VA's wait time goals or who live far from any VA medical
facility. The statute requires that VA publish an interim final rule by
November 5, 2014, and VA met this deadline when we published AP24,
Expanded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program.
 A third VA regulatory priority is to codify Section 707 of the Act,
which gives the Secretary more authority to dismiss members of the
Senior Executive Service based on performance or misconduct. As VA
announced on October 6, 2014, the Secretary is already implementing
that provision. To codify the new statute into the Code of Federal
Regulations, VA plans to publish a rulemaking, AP30, Changes to
Expedited Senior Executive Removal Authority, as an interim final rule.
 VA is also drafting regulation AP29 to implement Section 702 of the
Act which requires that public colleges charge in-state tuition for
veterans under certain circumstances.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plans can be found
at: http://www.va.gov/ORPM/docs/RegMgmt_VA_EO13563_RegRevPlan20110810.docx.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly reduce burdens
 RIN Title on small businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2900-AO13*............. VA Compensation No
 and Pension
 Regulation
 Rewrite Project.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Consolidating Proposed Rules: 2900-AL67, AL70, AL71, AL72, AL74, AL76,
 AL82, AL83, AL84, AL87, AL88, AL89, AL94, AL95, AM01, AM04, AM05,
 AM06, AM07, AM16.


VA

Final Rule Stage

121. Expedited Senior Executive Removal Authority

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-146 (title VII, sec 707).
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: VA will amend its regulations to provide that the
Secretary may immediately remove or demote any individual from the
Senior Executive Service (SES), and title 38 SES equivalents, if the
Secretary determines the performance of the individual warrants such
removal. The senior executive would be allowed an opportunity for an
expedited review by

[[Page 76613]]

the MSPB be conducted by an Administrative Judge at the MSPB, and if
the MSPB Administrative Judge does not conclude their review within 21
days then the removal or demotion is final. (MSPB is conducting a
rulemaking to establish and implement a process to conduct expedited
reviews.)
 VA regulations would also state that if the senior executive is
removed, and then appeals VA's decision, the senior executive is not
entitled to any type of pay, bonus, or benefit while appealing the
decision of removal. Also, VA regulations would state that if a senior
executive is demoted, and then appeals VA's decision, the employee may
only receive any type of pay, bonus, or benefit at the rate appropriate
for the position they were demoted to, and only if the individual shows
up for duty, while appealing the decision of demotion.
 VA regulations would also include ``misconduct'' along with ``poor
performance'' as a reason to remove or demote a senior executive.
 Statement of Need:
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 707 of the Veterans Access, Choice,
and Accountability Act of 2014, which was signed into law on August 7,
2014, gives the Secretary more authority to dismiss members of the
Senior Executive Service based on performance or misconduct. As VA
announced on October 6, 2014, the Secretary is already implementing
that provision. To codify the new statute into the Code of Federal
Regulations, VA plans to publish a rulemaking as an interim final rule.
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Kimberly McLeod, Deputy Assistant General Counsel,
Department of Veterans Affairs, 810 Vermont Avenue NW., DC 20420,
Phone: 202 461-7630.
 RIN: 2900-AP30
BILLING CODE 8320-01-P

ARCHITECTURAL AND TRANSPORTATION BARRIERS COMPLIANCE BOARD

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
(Access Board) is an independent federal agency established by section
502 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 792). The Access Board is
responsible for developing accessibility guidelines and standards under
various laws to ensure that individuals with disabilities have access
to and use of buildings and facilities, transportation vehicles,
information and communication technology, and medical diagnostic
equipment. Other Federal agencies adopt the accessibility guidelines
and standards issued by the Access Board as mandatory requirements for
entities under their jurisdiction.
 This plan highlights five rulemaking priorities for the Access
Board in FY 2015: (A) Information and Communication Technology
Accessibility Standards and Guidelines; (B) Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for Transportation Vehicles; (C)
Medical Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards; (D) Accessibility
Guidelines for Pedestrian Facilities in the Public Right-of-Way; and
(E) Americans with Disabilities (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Passenger Vessels. The guidelines and standards would enable
individuals with disabilities to achieve greater participation in our
society, independent living, and economic self-sufficiency, and would
promote our national values of equity, human dignity, and fairness, the
benefits of which are difficult to quantify.
 The rulemakings are summarized below.

A. Information and Communication Technology Accessibility Standards and
Guidelines (RIN: 3014-AA37)

This rulemaking would update in a single document the accessibility
standards for electronic and information technology covered by section
508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d)
(Section 508), and the accessibility guidelines for telecommunications
equipment and customer premises equipment covered by section 255 of the
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 255) (Section 255). Section 508
requires the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council (FAR Council) and
each appropriate Federal department or agency to revise their
procurement policies and directives no later than 6 months after the
Access Board's publication of standards. The FAR Council has
incorporated the accessibility standards for electronic and information
technology in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1).
Under Section 255, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is
responsible for issuing implementing regulations and enforcing Section
255. The FCC has promulgated enforceable standards (47 CFR parts 6 and
7) implementing Section 255 that are consistent with the Access Board's
accessibility guidelines for telecommunications equipment and customer
premises equipment.
 The Access Board's 2010 ANPRM included a proposal to amend Section
220 of the Americans with Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines
(ADAAG), but, based on public comments, the ADAAG proposal is no longer
included in this rulemaking and will be pursued separately at a later
date.
 A.1. Statement of Need: The Access Board issued the Electronic and
Information Technology Accessibility Standards in 2000 (65 FR 80500,
December 21, 2000), and the Telecommunications Act Accessibility
Guidelines for telecommunications equipment and customer premises
equipment in 1998 (63 FR 5608, February 3, 1998). Since the standards
and the guidelines were issued, technology has evolved and changed.
Telecommunications products and electronic and information technology
products have converged. For example, smartphones can perform many of
the same functions as computers. Real time text technologies and video
relay services are replacing TTY's (text telephones). The Access Board
is updating the standards and guidelines together to address changes in
technology and to make them consistent.
 A.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 508 and Section 255
require the Access Board to develop accessibility standards for
electronic and information technology and accessibility guidelines for
telecommunications equipment and customer premises equipment, and to
periodically review and update the standards and guidelines to reflect
technological advances and changes.
 Section 508 requires that when developing, procuring, maintaining,
or using electronic and information technology, each Federal department
or agency must ensure, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the
department or agency, that electronic and information technology
(regardless of the type of medium) allows individuals with disabilities
to have access to and use of information and

[[Page 76614]]

data that is comparable to the access and use of the information and
data by others without disabilities. Section 255 requires
telecommunications manufacturers to ensure that telecommunications
equipment and customer premises equipment are designed, developed, and
fabricated to be accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities when it is readily achievable to do so.
 A.3. Alternatives: The Access Board established a
Telecommunications and Electronic and Information Technology Advisory
Committee to recommend changes to the existing standards and
guidelines. The advisory committee was comprised of a broad cross-
section of stakeholders, including representatives from industry,
disability groups, and government agencies from the U.S., the European
Commission, Canada, Australia, and Japan. Recognizing the importance of
standardization across markets worldwide, the advisory committee
coordinated its work with standard-setting bodies in the U.S. and
abroad, such as the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The Access Board
published Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs) in the
Federal Register in 2010 and 2011 requesting public comments on draft
updates to the standards and guidelines (75 FR 13457, March 22, 2010;
and 76 FR 76640, December 8, 2011). The Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
(NPRM) will be based on the advisory committee's report and public
comments on the ANPRMs.
 The Access Board expects that the Information and Communication
Technology Standards and Guidelines will have international influence,
and has engaged extensive outreach efforts to standard-setting bodies
in the U.S. and abroad such as the World Wide Web Consortium and to
other countries, including the European Commission, Canada, Australia,
and Japan.
 A.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board is working
with a contractor to assess costs and benefits and prepare a
preliminary regulatory impact assessment to accompany the NPRM.
Baseline cost estimates of complying with Section 508 and Section 255
are made, and incremental costs due to the revised or new requirements
are estimated for federal agencies and telecommunications equipment
manufacturers. Anticipated benefits are also numerous, including hard-
to quantify benefits such as increased ability for people with
disabilities to obtain information and conduct transactions
electronically. The preliminary regulatory impact assessment will be
available at www.access-board.gov once the NPRM is published.

B. Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Transportation Vehicles (RIN: 3014-AA38)

This rulemaking would update the accessibility guidelines for
buses, over-the-road buses, and vans covered by the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA). The accessibility guidelines for other
transportation vehicles covered by the ADA, including vehicles operated
in fixed guideway systems (e.g., rapid rail, light rail, commuter rail,
high speed rail and intercity rail) would be updated in a future
rulemaking. The guidelines ensure that transportation vehicles covered
by the ADA are readily accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities. The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) has issued
enforceable standards (49 CFR part 37) that apply to the acquisition of
new, used, and remanufactured transportation vehicles, and the
remanufacture of existing transportation vehicles covered by the ADA.
DOT is expected to update its standards in a separate rulemaking to be
consistent with the updated guidelines.
 B.1. Statement of Need: The Access Board issued the ADA
Accessibility Guidelines for Transportation Vehicles in 1991, and
amended the guidelines in 1998 to include additional requirements for
over-the-road buses. Level boarding bus systems were introduced in the
U.S. after the 1991 guidelines were issued. We are revising the 1991
guidelines to include new requirements for level boarding bus systems,
automated stop and route announcements, and other changes.
 B.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Title II of the ADA applies to
State and local governments and Title III of the ADA applies to places
of public accommodation operated by private entities. The ADA covers
designated public transportation services provided by State and local
governments and specified public transportation services provided by
private entities that are primarily engaged in the business of
transporting people and whose operations affect commerce. (See 42
U.S.C. 12141 to 12147 and 12184.) Bus rapid transit systems, including
level boarding bus systems, that provide public transportation
services, are covered by the ADA.
 The Access Board is required by the ADA and the Rehabilitation Act
to establish and maintain guidelines for the accessibility standards
adopted by DOT for transportation vehicles acquired or manufactured by
entities covered by the ADA. Compliance with the new guidelines is not
required until DOT revises its accessibility standards for
transportation vehicles acquired or remanufactured by entities covered
by the ADA to be consistent with the new guidelines.
 B.3. Alternatives: The Access Board issued a proposed rule to
revise the 1991 guidelines for buses, over-the-road buses, and vans in
2010. The proposed rule, comments on the proposed rule, correspondence
received after the close of the initial comment period, and records and
transcripts of meetings on the new ramp designs are available in the
rulemaking docket at:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=ATBCB-2010-0004. The final rule is
based on the NPRM
and public comments on the NPRM.
 B.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: Incremental compliance costs
are estimated for new requirements for over-the-road buses, such as
displaying the International Symbol of Accessibility on the window
adjacent to wheelchair spaces and displaying the destination or route
signs on the front as well as the boarding side of the vehicles. This
rulemaking would enable persons who have mobility disabilities, persons
who have difficulty hearing or are deaf, and persons who have
difficulty seeing or are blind to use transportation services. A full
regulatory impact analysis will be available at www.access-board.gov,
once the final rule is published.

C. Medical Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards (RIN: 3014-
AA40)

The Access Board plans to issue a final rule establishing
accessibility standards for medical diagnostic equipment used in or in
conjunction with medical settings such as physicians' offices, clinics,
emergency rooms, and hospitals. The standards will contain minimum
technical criteria to ensure that medical diagnostic equipment,
including examination tables, examination chairs, weight scales,
mammography equipment, and other imaging equipment used by health care
providers for diagnostic purposes are accessible to and usable by
individuals with disabilities. The Access Board published a NPRM in the
Federal Register in 2012, 77 FR 6916, February 9, 2012.
 C.1. Statement of Need: A national survey of a diverse sample of
individuals with a wide range of disabilities, including mobility and
sensory disabilities, showed that the respondents had difficulty
getting on and off examination tables and chairs,

[[Page 76615]]

radiology equipment and weight scales, and experienced problems with
physical comfort, safety and communication. Focus group studies of
individuals with disabilities also provided information on barriers
that affect the accessibility and usability of various types of medical
diagnostic equipment. The national survey and focus group studies are
discussed in the NPRM.
 C.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 4203 of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (Pub. L. 111-148, 124 Stat. 570)
amended Title V of the Rehabilitation Act, which establishes rights and
protections for individuals with disabilities, by adding section 510 to
the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794f) (Section 510). Section 510
requires the Access Board, in consultation with the Commissioner of the
Food and Drug Administration (FDA), to develop standards that contain
minimum technical criteria to ensure that medical diagnostic equipment
used in or in conjunction with medical settings such as physicians'
offices, clinics, emergency rooms, and hospitals are accessible to and
usable by individuals with disabilities.
 Section 510 does not address who is required to comply with the
standards. However, the Americans with Disabilities Act require health
care providers to provide individuals with disabilities full and equal
access to their health care services and facilities. The U.S.
Department of Justice (DOJ) is responsible for issuing regulations to
implement the Americans with Disabilities Act and enforcing the law.
The NPRM discusses DOJ activities related to health care providers and
medical diagnostic equipment.
 C.3. Alternatives: The Access Board worked with the FDA and DOJ in
developing the standards. The Access Board considered the Association
for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation's ANSI/AAMI HE 75:2009,
``Human factors engineering--Design of medical devices,'' which
includes recommended practices to provide accessibility for individuals
with disabilities. The Access Board also established a Medical
Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards Advisory Committee that
included representatives from the disability community and
manufacturers of medical diagnostic equipment to make recommendations
on issues raised in public comments and responses to questions in the
NPRM. The final rule will be based on the public comments and
recommendations of the advisory committee.
 C.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board is working to
assess costs and benefits and prepare a preliminary regulatory impact
assessment to accompany the final rule. The standards would address
many of the barriers that have been identified as affecting the
accessibility and usability of diagnostic equipment by individuals with
disabilities. The standards would facilitate independent transfers by
individuals with disabilities onto and off of diagnostic equipment, and
enable them to maintain their independence, confidence, and dignity,
lessening the need for health care personnel to assist individuals with
disabilities when transferring on and off of diagnostic equipment. The
standards would improve the quality of health care for individuals with
disabilities and ensure that they receive examinations, diagnostic
procedures, and other health care services equivalent to those received
by individuals without disabilities.

D. Accessibility Guidelines for Pedestrian Facilities in the Public
Right-of-Way (RIN: 3014-AA26)

The rulemaking would establish accessibility guidelines to ensure
that sidewalks and pedestrian facilities in the public right-of-way are
accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities. A
Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking consolidated this rulemaking
with RIN 3014-AA41; accessibility guidelines for shared use paths
(which are multi-use paths designed primarily for use by bicyclists and
pedestrians, including persons with disabilities, for transportation
and recreation purposes). The U.S. Department of Justice, U.S.
Department of Transportation, and other Federal agencies are expected
to adopt the accessibility guidelines for pedestrian facilities in the
public right-of-way and for shared use paths, as enforceable standards
in separate rulemakings for the construction and alteration of
facilities covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act, and the Architectural Barriers Act.
 D.1. Statement of Need: While the Access Board has issued
accessibility guidelines for the design, construction, and alteration
of buildings and facilities covered by the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) and the Architectural Barriers Act (ABA) (36 CFR part 1191),
these guidelines were developed primarily for buildings and facilities
on sites. Some of the provisions in these guidelines can be readily
applied to pedestrian facilities in the public right-of-way such as
curb ramps. However, other provisions need to be adapted or new
provisions developed for pedestrian facilities that are built in the
public right-of-way as well as shared use paths.
 D.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 502(b)(3) of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 792(b)(3), requires
the Access Board to establish and maintain minimum guidelines for the
standards issued by other agencies pursuant to the ADA and ABA. In
addition, section 504 of the ADA, 42 U.S.C. 12204, required the Access
Board to issue accessibility guidelines for buildings and facilities
covered by that law.
 D.3. Alternatives: The Access Board established a Public Rights-of-
Way Access Advisory Committee to make recommendations for the
guidelines. The advisory committee was comprised of a broad cross-
section of stakeholders, including representatives for State and local
government agencies responsible for constructing facilities in the
public right-of-way, transportation engineers, disability groups, and
bicycling and pedestrian organizations. The Access Board released two
drafts of the guidelines for public comment and an NPRM based on the
advisory committee report and public comments on the draft guidelines.
The final rule will be based on the NPRM and public comments on the
NPRM.
 D.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board identified
four provisions in the NPRM that were expected to have more than
minimal monetary impacts on State and local governments. Three of these
four requirements are related to: (1) detectable warning surfaces on
newly constructed and altered curb ramps and blended transitions at
pedestrian street crossings; (2) accessible pedestrian signals and
pushbuttons when pedestrian signals are newly installed or replaced at
signalized intersections; and (3) pedestrian activated signals at
roundabouts with multi-lane pedestrian crossings. In addition, the
fourth requirement for provision of a two percent maximum cross slope
on pedestrian access routes within pedestrian street crossings with
yield or stop control was estimated to have more than minimal monetary
impacts on State and local governments when constructing roadways with
pedestrian crossings in hilly areas. The NPRM included questions
requesting information to assess the costs and benefits of these
provisions, as well as other provisions that may have cost impacts. The
Access Board will prepare a final regulatory impact assessment to
accompany the final rule based on

[[Page 76616]]

information provided in response to questions in the NPRM and other
sources.

E. Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Passenger Vessels (RIN: 3014-AA11)

The rulemaking would establish accessibility guidelines to ensure
that newly constructed and altered passenger vessels covered by the
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) are accessible to and usable by
individuals with disabilities. The U.S. Department of Transportation
and U.S. Department of Justice are expected to adopt the guidelines as
enforceable standards in separate rulemakings for the construction and
alteration of passenger vessels covered by the ADA.
 E.1. Statement of Need: Section 504 of the ADA requires the Access
Board to issue accessibility guidelines for the construction and
alteration of passenger vessels covered by the law to ensure that the
vessels are readily accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities (42 U.S.C. 12204).
 E.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Title II of the ADA applies to
State and local governments and title III of the ADA applies to places
of public accommodation operated by private entities. The ADA covers
designated public transportation services provided by State and local
governments and specified public transportation services provided by
private entities that are primarily engaged in the business of
transporting people and whose operations affect commerce. (See 42
U.S.C. 12141 to 12147 and 12184.)
 Titles II and III of the ADA require the DOT and DOJ to issue
accessibility standards for the construction and alteration of
passenger vessels covered by the law that are consistent with the
guidelines issued by the Access Board. (See 42 U.S.C. 12134(c),
12149(b), 12186(c).) The DOT has reserved a subpart in its ADA
regulations for accessibility standards for passenger vessels in
anticipation of the Access Board issuing these guidelines. (See 49 CFR
part 39, subpart E.) Once DOT and DOJ issue accessibility standards for
the construction and alteration of passenger vessels covered by the
ADA, vessel owners and operators are then required to comply with the
standards.
 E.3. Alternatives: In developing the proposed accessibility
guidelines, the Access Board has received and considered extensive
input from passenger vessel owners and operators, individuals with
disabilities, and other interested parties for more than a decade. The
Access Board convened an advisory committee comprised of passenger
vessel industry trade groups, passenger vessel owners and operators,
disability advocacy groups, and State and local government agencies to
advise how to develop the accessibility guidelines. The committee
submitted its report to the Access Board in 2000. In addition, over the
years, the Access Board issued an ANPRM and three versions of draft
accessibility guidelines and conducted in-depth case studies on various
passenger vessels. The Access Board solicited and analyzed public
comments on these documents in developing the proposed guidelines and
regulatory impact analysis. All the published documents together with
public comments are available at: http://www.access-board.gov.
 E.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The proposed guidelines would
address the discriminatory effects of architectural, transportation,
and communication barriers encountered by individuals with disabilities
on passenger vessels. The estimated compliance costs for certain types
of vessels include: (1) the incremental impact of constructing a vessel
in compliance with the guidelines; and (2) any additional costs
attributable to the operation and maintenance of accessible features.
For certain large cruise ships, the compliance costs would include loss
of guest rooms and gross revenues attributed to a proposed requirement
for a minimum number of guest rooms that provide mobility features. The
proposed guidelines would significantly benefit individuals with
disabilities by affording them equal opportunity to travel on passenger
vessels for employment, transportation, public accommodation, and
leisure. Other benefits, which are difficult to quantify, include
equity, human dignity, and fairness values.
BILLING CODE 8150-01-P

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY (EPA)

Statement of Priorities

Overview

For more than 40 years, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) has worked to protect people's health and the environment. By
taking advantage of the best thinking, the newest technologies and the
most cost-effective, sustainable solutions, EPA has fostered innovation
and cleaned up pollution in the places where people live, work, play
and learn.
 With a renewed focus on the challenges ahead, science, law and
transparency continue to guide EPA decisions. EPA will leverage
resources with grant- and incentive-based programs, sound scientific
advice, technical and compliance assistance and tools that support
states, tribes, cities, towns, rural communities and the private sector
in their efforts to address our shared challenges, including:
 making a visible difference in communities across the
country;
 addressing climate change and improving air quality;
 taking action on toxics and chemical safety;
 protecting water: a precious, limited resource;
 launching a new era of state, tribal and local
partnership; and
 working toward a sustainable future.
 EPA and its federal, state, local, and community partners have made
enormous progress in protecting the nation's health and environment.
From reducing mercury and other toxic air pollution to reducing
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, doubling the fuel efficiency of our
cars and trucks, the Agency is working to save lives and protect the
environment. In addition, while removing a billion tons of pollution
from the air, the Agency has produced hundreds of billions of dollars
in benefits for the American people.

Highlights of EPA'S Regulatory Plan

EPA's more than forty years of protecting human health and the
environment demonstrates our nation's commitment to reducing pollution
that can threaten the air we breathe, the water we use and the
communities we live in. This Regulatory Plan contains information on
some of our most important upcoming regulatory actions. As always, our
Semiannual Regulatory Agenda contains information on a broader spectrum
of EPA's upcoming regulatory actions.
Six Guiding Priorities
 The EPA's success depends on supporting innovation and creativity
in both what we do and how we do it. To guide the agency's efforts, the
Agency has established several guiding priorities. These priorities are
enumerated in the list that follows, along with recent progress and
future objectives for each.
1. Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country
 Safe Disposal and Management of Coal Combustion Residuals. Coal
combustion residuals (CCRs), often referred to as coal ash, are
currently considered Bevill exempt wastes under the Resource
Conservation and

[[Page 76617]]

Recovery Act (RCRA). They are residues from the combustion of coal in
power plants and are captured by pollution control technologies, like
scrubbers. Potential environmental concerns from coal ash management
include groundwater contamination from leaking surface impoundments and
landfills and structural failures of surface impoundments. The need for
national criteria was emphasized by the December 2008 spill of coal ash
from a surface impoundment at the Tennessee Valley Authority's plant in
Kingston, TN. The tragic spill flooded more than 300 acres of land with
coal ash, which flowed into the Emory and Clinch rivers. On June 21,
2010, the EPA proposed to regulate for the first time coal ash to
address the risks from the management of these wastes that are
generated by electric utilities and independent power producers. The
Agency received over 450,000 comments on the proposal. Under a consent
decree, a final rule must be signed by the Administrator no later than
December 19, 2014.
 Environmental Justice in Rulemaking. The year 2014 represents the
20th anniversary of President Clinton's issuance of the Executive order
directing all Federal agencies to engage in a Governmentwide effort and
issue strategies to address environmental justice issues.
 EPA has made significant progress in areas critical to advancing
environmental justice and making a visible difference in communities,
including rulemaking, permitting, compliance and enforcement,
community-based programs and our work with other federal agencies. We
have developed the critical legal, science, and screening tools to help
support our efforts in working with and in communities.
2. Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality
 The Agency will continue to deploy existing regulatory tools where
appropriate and warranted. Addressing climate change calls for
coordinated national and global efforts to reduce emissions and develop
new technologies that can be deployed. Using the Clean Air Act, EPA
will continue to develop greenhouse gas standards for both mobile and
stationary sources.
 Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards for Power Plants. As part of the
President's Climate Action Plan, in September 2013, the EPA proposed
standards to limit carbon pollution from new power plants yet to be
built. This past June, we proposed carbon pollution standards for
existing power plants, the Clean Power Plan. We plan to finalize
standards for both new and existing plants in 2015. When finalized,
these standards and guidelines will establish achievable limits of
carbon pollution from future plants. By 2030 carbon emissions from
existing plants are estimated to be reduced by 30% from 2005 levels.
 Heavy-Duty Vehicles GHG Emission Standards. In 2011, in cooperation
with the Department of Transportation (DOT), EPA issued the first-ever
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles for model years 2014-2018.
In 2015, EPA and DOT will propose a second set of standards to further
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and fuel consumption from a wide range
of on-road vehicles from semi-trucks to the largest pickup trucks and
vans and all types and sizes of work trucks and buses. This action is
another important component of the President's Climate Action Plan.
 Reviewing and Implementing Air Quality Standards. Despite progress,
millions of Americans still live in areas that exceed one or more of
the national air pollution standards. This year's regulatory plan
describes efforts to review the primary National Ambient Air Quality
Standards (NAAQS) for ozone and lead, as well as a rule to guide States
in implementing the ozone, particulate matter, and other air quality
standards.
 Cleaner Air from Improved Technology. EPA continues to address
hazardous air pollution under authority of the Clean Air Act Amendments
of 1990. The centerpiece of this effort is the ``Maximum Achievable
Control Technology'' (MACT) program, which requires that all major
sources of a given type use emission controls that better reflect the
current state of the art. In May of 2015, EPA expects to complete a
review of existing MACT standards for Petroleum Refineries to reduce
residual risk and assure that the standards reflect current technology.
3. Taking Action on Toxics and Chemical Safety
 One of EPA's highest priorities is to make significant progress in
assuring the safety of chemicals. Using sound science as a compass, EPA
protects individuals, families, and the environment from potential
risks of pesticides and other chemicals. In its implementation of these
programs, EPA uses several different statutory authorities, including
the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), the Toxic Substances
Control Act (TSCA) and the Pollution Prevention Act (PPA), as well as
collaborative and voluntary activities. In FY 2014, the Agency will
continue to satisfy its overall directives under these authorities and
highlights the following actions in this Regulatory Plan:
 EPA's Existing Chemicals Management Program Under TSCA. As part of
EPA's ongoing efforts to ensure the safety of chemicals, EPA plans to
take a range of identified regulatory actions for certain chemicals and
assess other chemicals to determine if risk reduction action is needed
to address potential concerns.
 Addressing Formaldehyde Used in Composite Wood Products. As
directed by the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act
of 2010, EPA is developing final regulations to address formaldehyde
emissions from hardwood plywood, particleboard and medium-density
fiberboard that is sold, supplied, offered for sale, or manufactured in
the United States.
 Lead in Public and Commercial Buildings. As directed by TSCA
section 402(c)(3), EPA is developing a proposed rule to address
renovation or remodeling activities that create lead-based paint
hazards in pre-1978 public buildings and commercial buildings. EPA
previously issued a final rule to address lead-based paint hazards
created by these activities in target housing and child-occupied
facilities.
 Reassessment of PCB Use Authorizations. When enacted in 1978, TSCA
banned the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, and use
of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), except when uses would pose no
unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment. EPA is
reassessing certain ongoing, authorized uses of PCBs that were
established by regulation in 1979, including the use, distribution in
commerce, marking and storage for reuse of liquid PCBs in electric
equipment, to determine whether those authorized uses still meet TSCA's
``no unreasonable risk'' standard. EPA plans to propose the revocation
or revision of any PCBs use authorizations included in this
reassessment that no longer meet the TSCA standard.
 Enhancing Agricultural Worker Protection. Based on years of
extensive stakeholder engagement and public meetings, EPA is acting to
enhance the pesticide worker safety program. EPA plans to issue final
amendments to the agricultural worker protection regulation that
strengthens protections for agricultural farm workers and

[[Page 76618]]

pesticide handlers. The rule is expected improve pesticide safety
training and agricultural workers' ability to protect themselves and
their families from potential secondary exposure to pesticides and
pesticide residues. The proposed revisions will address key
environmental justice concerns for a population that may be
disproportionately affected by pesticide exposure. Other changes under
development are intended to bring hazard communication requirements
more in line with Occupational Safety and Health Administration
requirements and seek to clarify current requirements to facilitate
program implementation and enforcement.
 Strengthening Pesticide Applicator Safety. As part of EPA's effort
to enhance the pesticide worker safety program, the Agency is also
developing a proposal to revise the existing regulation concerning the
certification of applicators of restricted-use pesticides to ensure
that the federal certification program standards adequately protect
applicators, the public and the environment from potential risks
associated with use of restricted use pesticides. The proposed changes
are intended to improve the competency of certified applicators of
restricted use pesticides, increase protection for noncertified
applicators of restricted use pesticides operating under the direct
supervision of a certified applicator through enhanced pesticide safety
training and standards for supervision of noncertified applicators, and
establish a minimum age requirement for such noncertified applicators.
Also, in keeping with EPA's commitment to work more closely with tribal
governments to strengthen environmental protection in Indian Country,
certain changes are intended to provide more practical options for
establishing certification programs in Indian Country.
 Improving Chemical Facility Safety and Security. Executive Order
13650 on Improving Chemical Facility Safety and Security directs
federal agencies to work with stakeholders to improve chemical safety
and security through agency programs, private sector initiatives,
federal guidance, standards, and regulations. During the course of
implementing this Executive order, EPA, along with the Department of
Homeland Security (including the National Protection and Programs
Directorate, the Transportation Security Agency and the United States
Coast Guard); the Occupational Safety and Health Administration; the
United States Department of Justice, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
Firearms; the United States Department of Agriculture; and the United
States Department of Transportation, will assess whether its
regulations should be modified or new regulations developed to improve
upon chemical safety and security. EPA issued in July 2014 a request
for information on how to strengthen its Risk Management Plan program.
EPA plans to develop a proposed rule to modernize the Risk Management
Plan.
4. Protecting Water: A Precious, Limited Resource
 Despite considerable progress, America's waters remain imperiled.
Water quality protection programs face complex challenges, from
nutrient loadings and stormwater runoff to invasive species and
drinking water contaminants. These challenges demand both traditional
and innovative strategies.
 Improving Water Quality. EPA plans to address challenging water
quality issues in several rulemakings during FY 2015.
 Definition of ``Waters of the United States'' Under the Clean Water
Act. After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos, the
scope of ``waters of the US'' protected under Clean Water Act (CWA)
programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The
Act does not distinguish among programs as to what constitutes ``waters
of the United States.'' As a result, these decisions affect the
geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not
invalidate the current regulatory definition of ``waters of the United
States.'' However, the decisions established important considerations
for how those regulations should be interpreted. Experience
implementing the regulations following the two court cases has
identified several areas that could benefit from additional
clarification through rulemaking.
 Steam Electric Power Plants. Steam electric power plants contribute
over half of all toxic pollutants discharged to surface waters by all
industrial categories currently regulated in the United States under
the Clean Water Act. Discharges of these toxic pollutants are linked to
cancer and neurological damage in humans and ecological damage. EPA
will establish national technology-based regulations called effluent
guidelines to reduce discharges of these pollutants from industries to
waters of the U.S. and publicly owned treatment works. These guidelines
would set the first Federal limits on the levels of toxic metals in
wastewater that can be discharged from power plants, based on
technology improvements in the industry over the last three decades.
The steam electric effluent guidelines apply to steam electric power
plants using nuclear or fossil fuels, such as coal, oil and natural
gas.
 Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions. EPA will finalize
updates to the Water Quality Standards regulation, which provides a
strong foundation for water quality-based controls, including water
quality assessments, impaired waters lists, total maximum daily loads,
and water quality-based effluent limits (WQBELs) in NPDES discharge
permits. These updates aim to clarify and resolve a number of policy
and technical issues that have recurred over the past 30 years. They
will assure greater public transparency, better stakeholder
information, and more effective implementation of the Water Quality
Standards program.
 Responding to Oil Spills in U.S. Waters. The Clean Water Act (CWA),
as amended by the Oil Pollution Act (OPA), requires that the National
Contingency Plan (NCP) include a schedule identifying ``dispersants,
other chemicals, and other spill mitigating devices and substances, if
any, that may be used in carrying out'' the NCP. EPA is considering
amending subpart J of the NCP (the Product Schedule) for a manufacturer
to have chemical, biological, or other spill-mitigating substances
listed on the Product Schedule, updating the listing requirements to
reflect new advancements in scientific understanding, and, to the
extent practicable, considering and addressing concerns regarding the
use of dispersants raised during the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
5. Launching a New Era of State, Tribal and Local Partnership
 EPA's success depends more than ever on working with increasingly
capable and environmentally conscious partners. States have
demonstrated leadership on managing environmental challenges, and EPA
wants to build on and complement their work. EPA supports state and
tribal capacity to ensure that programs are consistently delivered
nationwide. This provides EPA and its intergovernmental partners with
an opportunity to further strengthen their working relationship and,
thereby, more effectively pursue their shared goal of national
environmental and public health protection. The history and future of
environmental protection will be built on this type of collaboration.
 In July 2014, EPA's Administrator Gina McCarthy signed the

[[Page 76619]]

Environmental Justice Policy for Working with Tribes and Indigenous
Peoples, reinforcing the agency's commitment to work with tribes on a
government-to-government basis when issues of environmental justice
arise. This policy allows EPA to reinforce its commitment to tribal
communities, especially in addressing issues of environmental justice.
The policy integrates 17 environmental justice and civil rights
principles and identifies existing informational and resource tools to
support EPA in addressing environmental justice concerns raised by
Federally Recognized Tribes and Indigenous Peoples throughout the
United States.
 In addition, 2014 marks 30 years of EPA's 1984 Indian Policy. EPA
was the first to formally adopt such a Policy, reiterating the
importance of EPA's tribal programs and our unique government-to-
government relationship with tribes.
6. Working Toward a Sustainable Future
 Just as today's economy is vastly different from that of 40 years
before, EPA's regulatory program is evolving to recognize the progress
that has already been made in environmental protection and to
incorporate new technologies and approaches that allow us to provide
for an environmentally sustainable future more efficiently and
effectively.
 Establishing User Fees for the Use of RCRA Manifests. The e-
Manifest Final rule of February 7, 2014 codified certain provisions of
the ``Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest Establishment Act'' (or the
Act), which directed EPA to adopt a regulation that authorized the use
of electronic manifests to track hazardous waste shipments nationwide.
The Act also instructed EPA to develop a user-fee-funded e-Manifest
system. Since the Act grants broad discretion to EPA to determine the
fees and gives the Agency authority to collect such fees for both
electronic manifests and any paper manifests that continue in use, EPA
plans to issue rulemaking to establish the appropriate electronic and
paper manifest fees. The initial fees established in the final rule are
expected to cover the operation and maintenance costs for the system,
as well as the costs associated with the development of the system. EPA
plans to also announce in the final rule the date on which the system
will be implemented and available to users. Once the national e-
Manifest system becomes available, hazardous waste handlers will be
able to complete, sign, transmit, and store electronic manifests
through the national IT system, or they can elect to continue tracking
the hazardous waste under the paper manifest system. Further, waste
handlers that currently submit manifests to the States will no longer
be required to do so, unless required by the State, as EPA will collect
both the remaining paper manifest copies and electronic manifests in
the national system and will disseminate the manifest data to those
States that want it.
 Strengthening the Underground Storage Tanks Program. EPA plans to
revise the 1988 federal underground storage tank (UST) regulations by
increasing emphasis on properly operating and maintaining UST
equipment. These revisions will help improve prevention and detection
of UST releases, which are one of the leading sources of groundwater
contamination. The revisions will also help ensure all USTs in the
United States, including those in Indian country, meet the same minimum
standards.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Agency's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. EPA's final agency plan can be found
at: http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/retrospective/.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2060-AO60.......................... New Source Performance Standards
 (NSPS) Review under CAA-
 111(b)(1)(B)
2060-AP06.......................... New Source Performance Standards
 for Grain Elevators_Amendments
2040-AF15.......................... National Primary Drinking Water
 Regulations for Lead and Copper:
 Regulatory Revisions
2040-AF16.......................... Water Quality Standards Regulatory
 Clarifications
2040-AF25.......................... National Pollutant Discharge
 Elimination System (NPDES)
 Application and Program Updates
 Rule
2040-AF29.......................... National Primary Drinking Water
 Regulations: Group Regulation of
 Carcinogenic Volatile Organic
 Compound (VOCs)
2050-AG39.......................... Management Standards for Hazardous
 Waste Pharmaceuticals
2050-AG72.......................... Hazardous Waste Requirements for
 Retail Products; Clarifying and
 Making the Program More Effective
2070-AK02.......................... Lead; Lead-based Paint Program;
 Amendment to Jurisdiction-Specific
 Certification and Accreditation
 Requirements and Renovator
 Refresher Training Requirements
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Burden Reduction

As described above, EPA continues to review its existing
regulations in an effort to achieve its mission in the most efficient
means possible. To this end, the Agency is committed to identifying
areas in its regulatory program where significant savings or
quantifiable reductions in paperwork burdens might be achieved, as
outlined in Executive Order 13610, while protecting public health and
our environment.
Rules Expected to Affect Small Entities
 By better coordinating small business activities, EPA aims to
improve its technical assistance and outreach efforts, minimize burdens
to small businesses in its regulations, and simplify small businesses'
participation in its voluntary programs. Actions that may affect small
entities can be tracked on EPA's Regulatory Development and
Retrospective Review Tracker (http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/) at any
time. This Plan includes the following rules that may be of particular
interest to small entities:

[[Page 76620]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2070-AJ92.......................... Formaldehyde Emission Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
2060-AS16.......................... Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel
 Efficiency Standards for Medium-
 and Heavy-Duty Engines and
 Vehicles_Phase 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

International Regulatory Cooperation Activities
 EPA has considered international regulatory cooperation activities
as described in Executive Order 13609 and has identified two
international activities that are anticipated to lead to significant
regulations in the following year:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2070-AJ44.......................... Formaldehyde; Third-Party
 Certification Framework for the
 Formaldehyde Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
2070-AJ92.......................... Formaldehyde Emission Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Streamlining the Export/Import Process for America's Businesses
 EPA has considered import and export streamlining activities as
described in Executive Order 13659 and identified the following
rulemaking activity:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2050-AG77.......................... Hazardous Waste Export-Import
 Revisions Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EPA--AIR AND RADIATION(AR)

Proposed Rule Stage

122. Review of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7408; 42 U.S.C. 7409
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, December 1, 2014, Court-ordered
Deadline. Final, Judicial, October 1, 2015, Court-ordered Deadline.
Must be proposed by December 1
 Abstract: Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA is required to review
and, if appropriate, revise the air quality criteria for the primary
(health-based) and secondary (welfare-based) national ambient air
quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. On March 23, 2008, the EPA
published a final rule to revise the primary and secondary NAAQS for
ozone to provide increased protection of public health and welfare.
With regard to the primary standard for ozone, the EPA revised the
level of the 8-hour ozone standard to 0.075 ppm. With regard to the
secondary ozone standard, the EPA made it identical in all respects to
the primary ozone standard, as revised. The DC Circuit upheld the
primary standard, but remanded the secondary standard back to the EPA.
The EPA initiated the current review in October 2008 with a workshop to
discuss key policy-relevant issues around which EPA would structure the
review. This review included the preparation of an Integrated Science
Assessment, Risk/Exposure Assessment, and a Policy Assessment Document
by the EPA, with opportunities for review by EPA's Clean Air Scientific
Advisory Committee and the public.
 Statement of Need: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, EPA
is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Review of the NAAQS is authorized by Clean
Air Act Sections 108 and 109.
 Alternatives: The main alternative for the Administrator's decision
on the review of the primary and secondary national ambient air quality
standards for ozone is whether to retain or revise the existing
standards.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Clean Air Act makes clear that
the economic and technical feasibility of attaining standards are not
to be considered in setting or revising the NAAQS, although such
factors may be considered in the development of State plans to
implement the standards. Accordingly, when the Agency proposes
revisions to the standards, the Agency prepares cost and benefit
information in order to provide States information that may be useful
in considering different implementation strategies for meeting proposed
or final standards. In those instances, cost and benefit information is
generally included in the regulatory analysis accompanying the final
rule.
 Risks: Health and welfare risks associated with exposure to O3 in
the ambient air have been assessed. The final health and welfare Risk
and Exposure Assessments for Ozone were released in August 2014, and
are available at:
http://www.epa.gov/ttn/naaqs/standards/ozone/data/20140829healthrea.pdf.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 04/28/11 76 FR 23755
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 11/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2008-0699.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/ozone/.
 Agency Contact: Susan Stone, Environmental Protection Agency, Air

[[Page 76621]]

and Radiation, C504-06, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-1146, Fax: 919 541-0237, Email: stone.susan@epa.gov
 Karen Wesson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C504-06, RTP, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-3515, Email:
wesson.karen@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AP38

EPA--AR

123. Review of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Lead

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7408; 42 U.S.C. 7409
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, the EPA is
required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality criteria
for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based) national
ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. On November 12,
2008, the EPA published a final rule to revise the primary and
secondary NAAQS for lead to provide increased protection for public
health and welfare. The EPA has now initiated the next review. This new
review includes the preparation of an Integrated Review Plan, an
Integrated Science Assessment, and, if warranted, a Risk/Exposure
Assessment, and also a Policy Assessment Document by the EPA, with
opportunities for review by EPA's Clean Air Scientific Advisory
Committee and the public. These documents inform the Administrator's
proposed decision as to whether to retain or revise the standards. This
decision will be published in the Federal Register with opportunity
provided for public comment. The Administrator's final decisions will
take into consideration these documents and public comment on the
proposed decision.
 Statement of Need: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, EPA
is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. In the
last lead NAAQS review, EPA published a final rule on November 12,
2008, to revise the primary and secondary NAAQS for lead to provide
increased protection for public health and welfare.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977,
EPA is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years.
 Alternatives: The main alternative for the Administrator's decision
on the review of the national ambient air quality standards for lead is
whether to retain or revise the existing standards.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Clean Air Act makes clear that
the economic and technical feasibility of attaining standards are not
to be considered in setting or revising the NAAQS, although such
factors may be considered in the development of State plans to
implement the standards. Accordingly, when the Agency proposes
revisions to the standards, the Agency prepares cost and benefit
information in order to provide States information that may be useful
in considering different implementation strategies for meeting proposed
or final standards. In those instances, cost and benefit information is
generally included in the regulatory analysis accompanying the final
rule.
 Risks: As part of the review, the EPA prepares an Integrated Review
Plan, an Integrated Science Assessment, and, if warranted, a Risk/
Exposure Assessment, and also a Policy Assessment Document, with
opportunities for review by the EPA's Clean Air Scientific Advisory
Committee and the public. These documents inform the Administrator's
proposed decision as to whether to retain or revise the standards. The
proposed decision will be published in the Federal Register with
opportunity provided for public comment. The Administrator's final
decisions will take into consideration these documents and public
comment on the proposed decision.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
 -----------------------------------
Final Rule.......................... To Be Determined
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0108.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/ttn/naaqs/standards/pb/s_pb_index.html.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Murphy, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, C539-02, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709, Phone:
919 541-0729, Fax: 919 541-0840, Email: murphy.deirdre@epa.gov
 Ginger Tennant, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C504-06, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-4072, Fax:
919 541-0237, Email: tennant.ginger@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ44

EPA--AR

124. Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary
Sources: EGUS in Indian Country and U.S. Territories

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: .40 CFR 60
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 25, 2013, President Obama issued a Presidential
Memorandum directing the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to work
expeditiously to complete greenhouse gas (GHG) standards for the power
sector. The agency is using its authority under section 111(d) of the
Clean Air Act (CAA) to issue emission guidelines to address GHG
emissions from existing power plants. The Presidential Memorandum
directs the EPA to issue proposed GHG guidelines for existing power
plants by no later than June 1, 2014, and issue final guidelines by no
later than June 1, 2015. In addition, the Presidential Memorandum
directs the EPA to, in the guidelines, require states to submit to EPA
the implementation plans required under section 111(d) of the CAA by no
later than June 30, 2016. On June 18, 2014, the EPA proposed emission
guidelines for states to follow in developing plans to address GHG
emissions from existing fossil fired EGU, using its authority under CAA
111(d). This action is a supplemental proposal and will propose
emission guidelines to address GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-
fired EGUs on tribal lands and in U.S. territories.
 Statement of Need: President Obama's Climate Action Plan called for
EPA to complete carbon pollution standards for existing fossil fuel-
fired power plants by June 1, 2015. This action will propose those
standards for existing fossil fuel-fired power plants in Indian country
and U.S. territories.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and
thus is subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as
Amended in 1990.
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be presented in the proposal
preamble.

[[Page 76622]]

Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost and benefits information will
be presented in the proposal preamble.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases
Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act. The EPA made this
determination based primarily upon the recent, major assessments by the
U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), the National Research
Council (NRC) of the National Academies and the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change (IPCC).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/18/14 79 FR 34829
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/25/14 79 FR 57492
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 12/01/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 11/04/14 79 FR 65481
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
NODA................................ 10/30/14 79 FR 64543
Notice.............................. 11/13/14 79 FR 67406
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0602. Split from
RIN 2060-AQ91.
 Agency Contact: Melanie King, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-2469, Email: king.melanie@epamail.epa.gov
 Robert Wayland, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-1045, Fax:
919 541-5450, Email: Wayland.RobertJ@epamail.epa.gov
 Related RIN: Split from 2060-AQ91
 RIN: 2060-AR33

EPA--AR

125. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium-
and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles--Phase 2

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 202(a)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 1036; 40 CFR 1037; 40 CFR 86.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: During the President's second term, EPA and the
Department of Transportation, in close coordination with the California
Air Resources Board, will develop a comprehensive National Program for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission and Fuel
Efficiency Standards for model years beyond 2018. These second sets of
standards would further reduce greenhouse gas emissions and fuel
consumption from a wide range of on-road vehicles from semi-trucks to
the largest pickup trucks and vans, and all types and sizes of work
trucks and buses. This action will be in continued response to the
President's directive to take coordinated steps to produce a new
generation of clean vehicles. This action follows the first ever
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles (75 FR September 15, 2011).
 Statement of Need: Under Clean Air Act authority, EPA has
determined that emissions of greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles
and engines cause or contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be
anticipated to endanger public health and welfare. Therefore, there is
a need to reduce GHG emissions from medium- and heavy-duty vehicles to
protect public health and welfare. The medium- and heavy-duty truck
sector accounts for approximately 18 percent of the U.S. mobile source
GHG emissions and is the second largest mobile source sector. GHG
emissions from this sector are forecast to continue increasing rapidly;
reflecting the anticipated impact of factors such as economic growth
and increased movement of freight by trucks. This rulemaking would
significantly reduce GHG emissions from future medium- and heavy-duty
vehicles by setting GHG standards that will lead to the introduction of
GHG reducing vehicle and engine technologies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Clean Air Act section 202(a)(1) states
that The Administrator shall by regulation prescribe (and from time to
time revise) in accordance with the provisions of this section,
standards applicable to the emission of any air pollutant from any
class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines,
which in his judgment cause, or contribute to, air pollution which may
reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. Section
202(a) covers all on-highway vehicles including medium- and heavy-duty
trucks. In April 2007, the Supreme Court found in Massachusetts v. EPA
that greenhouse gases fit well within the Acts definition of air
pollutant and that EPA has statutory authority to regulate emission of
such gases from new motor vehicles. Lastly, in April 2009, EPA issued
the Proposed Endangerment and Cause-or-Contribute Findings for
Greenhouse Gases under the Clean Air Act. The endangerment proposal
stated that greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles and engines cause
or contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be anticipated to
endanger public health and welfare.
 Alternatives: The rulemaking proposal will include an evaluation of
regulatory alternatives. In addition, the proposal is expected to
include tools such as averaging, banking, and trading of emissions
credits as an alternative approach for compliance with the proposed
program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Detailed analysis of economy-wide
cost impacts, greenhouse gas emission reductions, and societal benefits
will be performed during development of the proposed rule.
 Risks: The failure to set new GHG standards for medium- and heavy-
duty trucks is likely to result in cumulative increases in GHG
emissions from the trucking industry over time and therefore increased
the risk of unacceptable climate change impacts.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 Agency Contact: Matt Spears, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, Mail Code: ASD1, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-
4921, Fax: 734 214-4816, Email: spears.mattew@epa.gov
 Charles Moulis, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
NFEVL, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-4826.
 RIN: 2060-AS16


[[Page 76623]]

EPA--AR

126. Renewable Fuel 2015 Volume Standards

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 211(o)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 80.1401.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In response to the Energy Independence and Security Act
(EISA) which amended the Clean Air Act Section 211(o), EPA finalized
the RFS2 Program regulations. The new provisions also require EPA to
promulgate regulations that specify the annual statutory volume
requirements for renewable fuels, including cellulosic, biofuel, bio-
mass-based diesel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel that must
be used in transportation fuel annually. In the case of the cellulosic
biofuel standard, the act specifically requires that the standard be
set based on the volume projected to be available during the following
year. If the volumes are lower than those specified under the act, then
EPA may also lower the advanced biofuel and total renewable fuel
standards each year accordingly. Further, the act requires the
Administrator to promulgate rules establishing the applicable volumes
of biomass-based diesel for 2013 and beyond and to do so no later than
14 months before the year for which such applicable volume would apply.
The actions summarized here will propose and finalize the 2016 biomass
based diesel (BBD) volume along with the 2015 standards. This
regulatory action will establish, as required, the annual statutory
volume requirements for the RFS2 fuel categories (cellulosic, biomass-
based diesel, advanced biofuel, and renewable fuel) that apply to all
gasoline and diesel produced or imported in 2015 and set, at minimum,
the 2016 requirement. Entities potentially affected by this rule are
those involved with the production, distribution, and sale of
transportation fuels, including gasoline and diesel fuel or renewable
fuels such as ethanol and biodiesel.
 Statement of Need: EPA is developing this rule under the
Congressional mandate in the Energy Independence and Security Act
(EISA) of 2007.
 Summary of Legal Basis: EPA is developing this rule under Clean Air
Act Section 211(o).
 Alternatives: Alternatives are being developed as part of the
forthcoming proposal.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost and benefit information is
being developed as part of the forthcoming proposal.
 Risks: The risks are those addressed by EISA--i.e., energy
insecurity and dependence on foreign sources.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Sectors Affected: 325199 All Other Basic Organic Chemical
Manufacturing; 325193 Ethyl Alcohol Manufacturing; 424690 Other
Chemical and Allied Products Merchant Wholesalers; 454319 Other Fuel
Dealers; 424710 Petroleum Bulk Stations and Terminals; 324110 Petroleum
Refineries; 424720 Petroleum and Petroleum Products Merchant
Wholesalers (except Bulk Stations and Terminals)
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/otaq/fuels/renewablefuels/.
 Agency Contact: David Korotney, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, N27, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-4507,
Email: korotney.david@epa.gov
 Paul Argyropoulos, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and
Radiation, 6401A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-1123, Email:
argyropoulos.paul@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AS22

EPA--OFFICE OF CHEMICAL SAFETY AND POLLUTION PREVENTION (OCSPP)

Proposed Rule Stage

127. Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 136 7 U.S.C. 136i 7 U.S.C. 136w.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 156; 40 CFR 171.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: EPA is developing a proposed rule to revise the federal
regulations governing the certified pesticide applicator program, based
on years of extensive stakeholder engagement and public meetings, to
ensure that they adequately protect applicators, the public, and the
environment from potential harm due to exposure to restricted use
pesticides (RUPs). This action is intended to improve the training and
awareness of certified applicators of RUPs and to increase protection
for noncertified applicators of RUPs operating under the direct
supervision of a certified applicator through enhanced pesticide safety
training and standards for supervision of noncertified applicators.
 Statement of Need: Change is needed to strengthen the protections
for pesticide applicators, the public, and the environment from harm
due to pesticide exposure.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This action is issued under the authority
of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), as
amended, 7 U.S.C.s 136-136y, particularly sections 136a(d), 136i, and
136w.
 Alternatives: In the years prior to the development of this
rulemaking, EPA pursued non-regulatory approaches to protect
applicators, the public, and the environment from potential harm due to
exposure to RUPs. For example, the Agency developed mechanisms to
improve applicator trainers and make training materials more
accessible. EPA has also developed nationally relevant training and
certification materials to preserve state resources while improving
competency. However, the non-regulatory approaches did not address
other requisite needs for improving protections, such as the
requirements for determining competency and recertification that are
being considered in this rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Although subject to change as the
proposal is developed, EPA currently estimates incremental costs of
about $44 million annually and unquantified, long term health benefits
to certified applicators, the noncertified applicators they supervise,
and their families. These benefits arise from reducing their daily risk
of pesticide exposures and reduced risk of chronic illness. This
information will be updated once the proposal is issued.
 Risks: Applicators are at risk from exposure to pesticides they
handle for their work. The public and the environment may also be at
risk from misapplication by applicators without appropriate training.
Revisions to the regulations are expected to minimize these risks by
ensuring the competency of certified applicators.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76624]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Local, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPP-2005-0561.
http://epa.gov/sbrefa/pesticide-applicators.html. This action includes
retrospective review under EO 13563; see:
http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/retrospective/history.html.
 Sectors Affected: 111 Crop Production; 32532 Pesticide and Other
Agricultural Chemical Manufacturing; 5617 Services to Buildings and
Dwellings; 9241 Administration of Environmental Quality Programs.
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/health/worker.htm.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Davis, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-7002, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email:
davis.kathy@epa.gov
 Jeanne Kasai, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, PYS1162, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-3240, Fax: 703 308-3259, Email: kasai.jeanne@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ20

EPA--OCSPP

128. Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBS); Reassessment of Use
Authorizations

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2605 ``TSCA 6(e)''.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 761.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The EPA's regulations governing the use of
Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs) in electrical equipment and other
applications were first issued in the late 1970s and have not been
updated since 1998. The EPA has initiated rulemaking to reassess the
ongoing authorized uses of PCBs to determine whether certain use
authorizations should be ended or phased out because they can no longer
be justified under section 6(e) of the Toxic Substances Control Act,
which requires that the authorized use will not present an unreasonable
risk of injury to health and the environment. As the first step in this
reassessment, the EPA published an Advanced Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) on April 7, 2010 and took comment through August 20,
2010. The EPA reviewed and considered all comments received on the
ANPRM in planning the current rulemaking. This action will address the
following specific areas: (1) The use, distribution in commerce,
marking and storage for reuse of liquid PCBs in electric equipment; (2)
improvements to the existing use authorization for natural gas
pipelines; and (3) definitional and other regulatory ``fixes''. The
reassessment of use authorizations related to liquid PCBs in equipment
will focus on small capacitors in fluorescent light ballasts, large
capacitors, transformers and other electrical equipment. In addition,
revised testing, characterization, and reporting requirements for PCBs
in natural gas pipeline systems to provide more transparency for the
Agency and the public when PCB releases occur will be considered.
Consistent with Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'', wherever possible and consistent with the overall
objectives of this rulemaking, the Agency will also eliminate or fix
regulatory inefficiencies noted by the Agency or in public comments on
the ANPRM.
 Statement of Need: EPA is reassessing authorized uses of PCBs to
determine whether certain uses should be ended or phased out because
they can no longer be justified under section 6(e) of the Toxic
Substances Control Act, which requires that the authorized use will not
present an unreasonable risk of injury to health and the environment. A
rulemaking is needed to revise or revoke any PCB use authorizations
that no longer meet the TSCA unreasonable risk standard.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The authority for this action comes from
TSCA section 6(e)(2)(B) and (C) of TSCA (15 U.S.C. 605(e)(2)(B) and
(C)), as well as TSCA section 6(e)(1)(B) (15 U.S.C. 2605(e)(1)(B)).
 Alternatives: EPA published an Advanced Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) on April 7, 2010 and took comment through August 20,
2010. EPA reviewed and considered all comments received on the ANPRM in
planning the current rulemaking. If EPA determines that certain
authorized uses of PCBs can no longer be justified under TSCA section
6(e), EPA will evaluate options for ending or phasing out those uses.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In developing a proposed rule, EPA
will also evaluate the costs and benefits of the options under
consideration, which will be used to inform the decision-makers of the
potential impacts. Once decisions regarding the proposed rule are made,
information on the potential costs and benefits of the action will be
available.
 Risks: PCBs are toxic, persist in the environment and bioaccumulate
in food chains and, thus, pose risks to human health and ecosystems.
Once in the environment, PCBs do not readily break down and therefore
may remain for long periods of time cycling between air, water, and
soil. PCBs can be carried long distances and have been found in snow
and sea water in areas far away from where they were released into the
environment. As a consequence, PCBs are found all over the world. In
general, the lighter the form of PCB, the further it can be transported
from the source of contamination. PCBs can accumulate in the leaves and
above-ground parts of plants and food crops. They are also taken up
into the bodies of small organisms and fish. Humans may be exposed to
PCBs through diet by eating contaminated fish and shellfish, and
consuming contaminated milk, meat, and their by-products. Infants may
be exposed through breast milk, and unborn children may exposed while
in the womb. In addition, humans may exposed by breathing contaminated
indoor air in buildings where electrical equipment contains PCBs or by
coming into contact with PCB-contaminated liquids that have leaked from
electrical equipment. Health effects associated with exposure to PCBs
in humans and/or animals include liver, thyroid, dermal and ocular
changes, immunological alterations, neurodevelopmental changes, reduced
birth weight, reproductive toxicity, and cancer. EPA is currently
evaluating the possible risks presented by ongoing uses of PCBs that
may be addressed by this action.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/07/10 75 FR 17645
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 06/16/10 75 FR 34076
NPRM................................ 07/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2009-0757.

[[Page 76625]]

Sectors Affected: 22 Utilities; 31-33 Manufacturing; 48-49
Transportation and Warehousing; 53 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing;
54 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services; 562 Waste
Management and Remediation Services; 811 Repair and Maintenance; 92
Public Administration.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pcb.
 Agency Contact: Sara Kemme, Environmental Protection Agency, Office
of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-0511, Fax: 202 566-0473, Email:
kemme.sara@epa.gov
 Peter Gimlin, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 566-0515, Fax: 202 566-0473, Email: gimlin.peter@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ38

EPA--OCSPP

129. Lead; Renovation, Repair, and Painting Program for Public and
Commercial Buildings

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2682(c)(3)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 745.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Judicial, April 22, 2010, ANPRM--2009
Settlement agreement.
 NPRM, Judicial, July 1, 2015, Deadline from 2012 amended;
Settlement agreement.
 Final, Judicial, January 1, 2017, Deadline from 2012 amended;
Settlement agreement.
 Per 9/7/2012 Amended Settlement Agreement in National Assoc. of
Homebuilders v. EPA.
 Abstract: Section 402(c)(3) of the Toxic Substances Control Act
(TSCA) requires the EPA to regulate renovation or remodeling activities
in target housing (most pre-1978 housing), pre-1978 public buildings,
and commercial buildings that create lead-based paint hazards. On April
22, 2008, the EPA issued a final rule to address lead-based paint
hazards created by these activities in target housing and child-
occupied facilities (child-occupied facilities are a subset of pre-1978
public and commercial buildings where children under age 6 spend a
significant amount of time). The 2008 rule established requirements for
training renovators, other renovation workers, and dust sampling
technicians; for certifying renovators, dust sampling technicians, and
renovation firms; for accrediting providers of renovation and dust
sampling technician training; for renovation work practices; and for
recordkeeping. After the 2008 rule was published, the EPA was sued, in
part, for failing to address potential hazards created by the
renovation of public and commercial buildings. In the settlement
agreement and subsequent amendments, the EPA agreed to commence
proceedings to determine whether or not renovations of public and
commercial buildings create hazards. Further, if these activities do
create hazards, the EPA agreed to propose work practice and other
requirements by July 1, 2015, and to take final action, if appropriate,
no later than 18 months after the proposal.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking is being undertaken in response
to a settlement agreement and is designed to help insure that
individuals and firms conducting renovation, repair, and painting
activities in and on public and commercial buildings will do so in a
way that safeguards the environment and protects the health of building
occupants and nearby residents, especially children under 6 years old.
EPA has conducted several studies and reviewed additional information
that indicates that the renovation of buildings containing lead-based
paint can create health hazards in the form of lead-based paint dust
under typical industry work practices.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 402(c)(3) of the Toxic Substances
Control Act (TSCA) requires EPA to regulate renovation or remodeling
activities that create lead-based paint hazards in target housing,
public buildings built before 1978, and commercial buildings.
 Alternatives: For those activities that EPA determines create lead-
based paint hazards, EPA will evaluate options to address the hazards.
These options are likely to include different combinations of work
practices and worker training and certification.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined. A detailed
analysis of costs and benefits will be performed during development of
the proposed rule.
 Risks: Lead is known to cause deleterious health effects on
multiple organ systems through diverse mechanisms of action in both
adults and children. This array of health effects includes effects on
heme biosynthesis and related functions, neurological development and
function, reproduction and physical development, kidney function,
cardiovascular function, and immune function. EPA is evaluating
information on renovation activity patterns in public and commercial
buildings to estimate exposures to lead dust from RRP activities in
those buildings.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/06/10 75 FR 24848
Notice.............................. 12/31/12 77 FR 76996
Notice.............................. 05/13/13 78 FR 27906
Notice.............................. 05/30/14 79 FR 31072
Notice.............................. 08/06/14 79 FR 45796
NPRM................................ 07/00/15
 -----------------------------------
Final Rule.......................... To Be Determined
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2010-0173.
 Sectors Affected: 236210 Industrial Building Construction; 236220
Commercial and Institutional Building Construction; 238150 Glass and
Glazing Contractors; 238170 Siding Contractors; 238210 Electrical
Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors; 238220 Plumbing,
Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors; 238310 Drywall and
Insulation Contractors; 238320 Painting and Wall Covering Contractors;
238340 Tile and Terrazzo Contractors; 238350 Finish Carpentry
Contractors; 238390 Other Building Finishing Contractors; 531120
Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses); 531312
Nonresidential Property Managers; 921190 Other General Government
Support.
 URL for More Information: http://www2.epa.gov/lead.
 Agency Contact: Hans Scheifele, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-3122, Email: Scheifele.Hans@epa.gov
 Cindy Wheeler, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 566-0484, Email: wheeler.cindy@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ56

EPA--SOLID WASTE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE (SWER)

Proposed Rule Stage

130. Revisions to the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution
Contingency Plan; Subpart J Product Schedule Listing Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1321(d)(2); 33 U.S.C. 1321(b)(3); 33
U.S.C. 1321(j)

[[Page 76626]]

CFR Citation: 40 CFR 300; 40 CFR 110.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Clean Water Act requires EPA to prepare a schedule
identifying dispersants, other chemicals, and other spill mitigating
devices and substances, if any, that may be used in carrying out the
National Contingency Plan (NCP); and the waters and quantities in which
they may be used. The EPA is considering revising subpart J of the NCP
to address the efficacy, toxicity, and environmental monitoring of
dispersants, other chemical and biological agents, and other spill
mitigating substances, as well as public, state, local, and federal
officials concerns on their authorization and use. Specifically, the
Agency is considering revisions to the technical product requirements
under subpart J, including amendments to the effectiveness and toxicity
testing protocols, and establishing new effectiveness and toxicity
thresholds for listing certain products on the Schedule. Additionally,
the Agency is considering amendments to area planning requirements for
agent use authorization and advanced monitoring techniques. The Agency
is also considering revisions to harmonize 40 CFR part 110.4 with the
definitions for chemical and biological agents proposed for subpart J.
These changes, if finalized, will help ensure that chemical and
biological agents have met rigorous efficacy and toxicity requirements,
that product manufacturers provide important use and safety
information, and that the planning and response community is equipped
with the proper information to authorize and use the products in a
judicious and effective manner.
 Statement of Need: The use of dispersants in response to the
Deepwater Horizon incident, both on surface slicks and injected
directly into the oil from the well riser, raised many questions about
efficacy, toxicity, environmental trade-offs, and monitoring
challenges. The Agency is considering amendments to subpart J that
would increase the overall scientific soundness of the data collected
on mitigation agents, take into consideration not only the efficacy but
also the toxicity, long-term environmental impacts, endangered species
protection, and human health concerns raised during responses to oil
discharges, including the Deepwater Horizon incident. The additional
data requirements being considered would aid On-Scene Coordinators
(OSCs) and Regional Response Teams (RRTs) when evaluating specific
product information and when deciding whether and which products to use
to mitigate hazards caused by discharges or threatened discharges of
oil. Additionally, the Agency is considering amendments to area
planning requirements for dispersant use authorization, toxicity
thresholds and advanced monitoring techniques. This action is a major
component of the EPA's effort to inform the use of dispersants and
other chemical or biological agents when responding to oil discharges,
based on lessons learned from the federal government's experiences in
responding to off-shore oil discharges, including the Deepwater Horizon
incident, in the Gulf of Mexico and anticipation of the expansion of
oil exploration and production activities in the Arctic.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Federal Water Pollution Control Act
(FWPCA) requires the President to prepare and publish a National
Contingency Plan (NCP) for the removal of oil and hazardous substances.
In turn, the President delegated the authority to implement this
section of the FWPCA to the EPA through Executive Order 12777 (56 FR
54757; October 22, 1991). Section 311(d)(2)(G)(i) of the FWPCA (a.k.a.,
Clean Water Act), as amended by the OPA, requires that the NCP include
a schedule identifying ``dispersants, other chemicals, and other spill
mitigating devices and substances, if any, that may be used in carrying
out'' the NCP. Currently, the use of dispersants, other chemicals, and
other oil spill mitigating devices and substances (e.g., bioremediation
agents) to respond to oil discharges in U.S. waters is governed by
subpart J of the NCP (40 CFR part 300 series 900).
 Alternatives: The Agency will consider alternatives via the
proposal that address the efficacy, toxicity, and environmental
monitoring of dispersants, and other chemical and biological agents, as
well as public, state, local, and federal officials' concerns regarding
their use. Specifically, the alternative requirements for the NCP
Product Schedule (Schedule) consider new listing criteria, revisions to
the efficacy and toxicity testing protocols, and clarifications to the
evaluation criteria for removing products from the Schedule. EPA is
also considering alternatives to the requirements for the authorities,
notifications, monitoring, and data reporting when using chemical or
biological agents in response to oil discharges in waters of the U.S.
The alternatives being considered are intended to encourage the
development of safer and more effective spill mitigating products, to
better target the use of these products in order to reduce the risks to
human health and the environment, and to ensure that On-Scene
Coordinators (OSCs), Regional Response Teams (RRTs), and Area
Committees have sufficient information to support agent
preauthorization or authorization of use decisions.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency expects the proposed
rule, if finalized, would provide overall net benefits as a result of
having more effective products on the Schedule, as well as from avoided
costs of oil spill response and cleanup. Costs to product manufacturers
would be incremental annual costs for product testing and labor. For
certain discharges, costs to the party responsible for the spill would
be added for monitoring requirements. A detailed costs and benefits
analysis will be available with the proposal.
 Risks: Although major catastrophic oil discharges where chemical or
biological agents may be used are relatively infrequent, this proposed
rulemaking under subpart J should lead to the manufacture and use of
less toxic, more effective oil spill mitigating products. The use of
these products may reduce the potential for human and environmental
impact, emergency response duration, and costs associated with any oil
discharge. However, the impacts will vary greatly depending on factors
that include the size, location and duration of an oil discharge, as
well as, the type of oil being discharged. While the reduction in
environmental impacts associated with the use of oil spill mitigating
agents driven by this action are likely small for typical oil
discharges, they could be significant in the event of a large oil
discharge.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPA-2006-0090.
 Sectors Affected: 325 Chemical Manufacturing; 424 Merchant
Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods; 211 Oil and Gas Extraction; 541
Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services; 562 Waste Management
and Remediation Services.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/oem/.
 Agency Contact: Vanessa Principe, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 564-

[[Page 76627]]

7913, Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: principe.vanessa@epa.gov
 Craig Matthiessen, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-8016,
Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: mattheissen.craig@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AE87

EPA--SWER

131. User Fee Schedule for Electronic Hazardous Waste Manifest

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 112-195
 CFR Citation: Undetermined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: After promulgation of the first e-Manifest regulation in
February 2014 to authorize the use of electronic manifests and to
codify key provisions of the Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest
Establishment Act (or Act), the EPA is moving forward on the
development of the separate e-Manifest User Fee Schedule Regulation.
The Act authorizes the EPA to impose on manifest users reasonable
service fees that are necessary to pay costs incurred in developing,
operating, maintaining and upgrading the system, including costs
incurred in collecting and processing data from any paper manifest
submitted to the system after the date on which the system enters
operation. EPA plans to issue both a proposed and final rule in setting
the appropriate electronic manifest and manifest fees. The EPA intends
to propose for comment the fee methodology for establishing the
electronic manifest and paper service fees. The EPA plans in a final
rule to establish a program of fees that will be imposed on users of
the e-Manifest system and announce the user fee schedule for manifest-
related activities, including activities associated with the collection
and processing of paper manifests submitted to the EPA. EPA also plans
in that final rule to announce (1) the date upon which the EPA will be
ready to transmit and receive manifests through the national e-Manifest
system and (2) the date upon which the user community must comply with
the new e-Manifest regulation.
 Statement of Need: On February 7, 2014, the EPA promulgated the e-
Manifest Final rule, in order to comply with the Hazardous Waste
Electronic Manifest Establishment Act, which required the EPA to issue
a regulation authorizing electronic manifests by October 5, 2013. In
issuing that rule, the EPA completed an important step that must
precede the development of a national e-Manifest system, as required by
the Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest Establishment Act. This rule is
the second regulation that must precede the development of the e-
Manifest system. This action will implement the broad discretion
granted on the Agency to establish reasonable user fees for the various
activities associated with using and submitting electronic and paper
manifests to the national system. Additionally, OMB Circular A-25 on
User Charges provides that agencies of the executive branch must
generally set user fee charges or fees through regulation.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 2(c) of the e-Manifest Act
authorizes the EPA to impose on manifest users reasonable user fees to
pay any costs incurred in developing, operating, maintaining, and
upgrading the system, including any costs incurred in collecting and
processing data from any paper manifest submitted to the system. Thus,
this Action will implement the broad discretion granted on the Agency
to establish reasonable user fees for the various activities associated
with using and submitting electronic and paper manifests to the
national system.
 Alternatives: The EPA plans to issue rulemaking to establish the
appropriate electronic manifest and paper manifest fees. Specifically,
EPA will explore options for who will pay user fees, the most efficient
point in the process for collecting the fees, and the fee methodologies
and fee formulas that relate to setting the fees.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: When the e-Manifest Final Rule was
published in February 2014, the Agency deferred the development of the
detailed risk impact analysis (RIA) for the e-Manifest system until the
User Fee Schedule Rule. Thus, the RIA for the proposed User Fee
Schedule Rule will not be limited to the impacts of the user fees
announced in the rule, but will also estimate the costs and benefits of
the overall e-Manifest system. The primary costs in the e-Manifest RIA
will be the cost to build the system, the costs for industry and state
governments to connect to the system, and the cost to run the system.
The most significant benefit of the e-Manifest system estimated in the
RIA will be reduced burden for industry to comply with RCRA manifesting
requirements, and the reduced burden on states that collect and utilize
manifest data for program management purposes.
 Risks: This action does not address any particular risks in the
EPA's jurisdiction as it does not change existing requirements for
manifesting hazardous waste shipments. It will merely propose for
comment our fee methodology for setting the appropriate fees of
electronic manifests, and paper manifests that continue in use, at such
time as the system to receive them is built and operational.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-RCRA-2001-0032.
 Sectors Affected: 11 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting; 23
Construction; 51 Information; 31-33 Manufacturing; 21 Mining,
Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction; 92 Public Administration; 44-45
Retail Trade; 48-49 Transportation and Warehousing; 22 Utilities; 562
Waste Management and Remediation Services; 42 Wholesale Trade.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/epawaste/hazard/transportation/manifest/e-man.htm.
 Agency Contact: Rich LaShier, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-8796, Fax: 703 308-0514, Email: LaShier.Rich@epa.gov
 Bryan Groce, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-8750,
Fax: 703 308-0514, Email: Groce.Bryan@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG80

EPA--SWER

132. Modernization of the Accidental Release Prevention
Regulations Under Clean Air Act

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7412(r)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 68.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In response to Executive Order 13650, the EPA is
considering potential revisions to its Risk Management Program
regulations and related programs. The Agency may consider changes to
the list of regulated substances and threshold quantities, addition of
new accident prevention or emergency response program elements

[[Page 76628]]

and/or changes to existing elements, and/or other changes to the
existing regulatory provisions.
 Statement of Need: On August 1, 2013, President Obama signed
Executive order 13650, entitled Improving Chemical Facility Safety and
Security. The Executive order establishes the Chemical Facility Safety
and Security Working Group (``Working Group''), co-chaired by the
Secretary of Homeland Security, the Administrator of the EPA, and the
Secretary of Labor or their designated representatives at the Assistant
Secretary level or higher, and composed of senior representatives of
other Federal departments, agencies, and offices. The Executive order
requires the Working Group to carry out a number of tasks whose overall
aim is to prevent chemical accidents, such as the explosion that
occurred at the West Fertilizer facility in West, Texas, on April 17,
2013. Section 6 of the Executive order is entitled ``Policy,
Regulation, and Standards Modernization'', and among other things,
requires certain federal agencies to consider possible changes to
existing chemical safety and security regulations. On July 31, 2014,
the EPA issued a Request for Information (RFI) to solicit stakeholder
feedback on a number of potential modifications to the RMP regulations.
This NPRM is expected to contain a number of proposed modifications to
the RMP regulations based on stakeholder feedback received from the
RFI.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The statutory authority for this action is
provided by section 112(r) of the Clean Air Act (CAA) as amended (42
U.S.C. 7412(r)).
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be considered during the
development of the proposal.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits and costs will be examined
in detail during the development of the proposal. For any proposed
regulatory changes, EPA expects that benefits will be due to prevented
costs of accidental releases (e.g., through covering additional
hazardous chemical processes, or addition or improvement of accident
prevention program requirements), or reduced costs of accidental
releases that do occur (e.g., due to improvements in release detection
or emergency response procedures). Costs will relate to coverage of any
additional sources or implementation of any additional accident
prevention or emergency response program requirements that are imposed.
 Risks: Risks will be examined during the development of the
proposal.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Sectors Affected: 11 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting;
444 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers; 325
Chemical Manufacturing; 445 Food and Beverage Stores; 45431 Fuel
Dealers; 424 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods; 21 Mining,
Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction; 32411 Petroleum Refineries; 486
Pipeline Transportation; 3221 Pulp, Paper, and Paperboard Mills; 482
Rail Transportation; 488 Support Activities for Transportation; 221
Utilities; 493 Warehousing and Storage; 562 Waste Management and
Remediation Services.
 URL For More Information: http://www2.epa.gov/rmp.
 Agency Contact: James Belke, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid
Waste and Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
564-8023, Fax: 202 564-8444, Email: belke.jim@epa.gov
 Kathy Franklin, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-7987,
Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: Franklin.Kathy@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG82

EPA--AIR AND RADIATION (AR)

Final Rule Stage

133. Petroleum Refinery Sector Risk and Technology Review and New
Source Performance Standards

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 111 and 112
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60; 40 CFR 63.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, May 15, 2014, Consent decree
deadline for proposed rule--Air Alliance Houston, et al. v. McCarthy;
12-1607 (RMC); USDC for the District of Columbia filed 1/13/14.
 Final, Judicial, April 17, 2015, Consent decree deadline for final
rule--Air Alliance Houston, et al. v. McCarthy; 12-1607 (RMC); USDC for
the District of Columbia filed 1/13/14.
 Abstract: This action pertains to the Petroleum Refining industry
and specifically to petroleum refinery sources that are subject to
maximum achievable control technology (MACT) standards in 40 CFR part
63, subparts CC (Refinery MACT 1) and UUU (Refinery MACT 2) and new
source performance standards (NSPS) in 40 CFR part 60, subpart Ja. This
action is the Petroleum Refining Sector Rulemaking which will address
our obligation to perform Risk and Technology Reviews (RTR) for
Petroleum Refinery MACT 1 and 2 source categories and will address
issues related to the reconsideration of Petroleum Refinery New Source
Performance Standard (NSPS) subpart Ja. Petroleum refineries are
facilities engaged in refining and producing products made from crude
oil or unfinished petroleum derivatives. Emission sources include
petroleum refinery-specific process units unique to the industry, such
as fluid catalytic cracking units (FCCU) and catalytic reforming units
(CRU), as well as units and processes commonly found at other types of
manufacturing facilities (including petroleum refineries), such as
storage vessels and wastewater treatment plants. Refinery MACT 1
regulates hazardous air pollutant (HAP) emissions from common processes
such as miscellaneous process vents (e.g., delayed coking vents),
storage vessels, wastewater, equipment leaks, loading racks, marine
tank vessel loading and heat exchange systems at petroleum refineries.
Refinery MACT 2 regulates HAP from those processes that are unique to
the industry including sulfur recovery units (SRU) and from catalyst
regeneration in FCCU and CRU. A proposed rule was signed on 5/15/14 and
published in the Federal Register on 6/30/14 (79 FR 36880). The EPA is
reviewing comments and preparing a final rule for signature in 2015.
 Statement of Need: This proposal is required by Clean Air Act
Section 112 to review technology-based standards and revise them as
necessary but no less frequently than every eight years under 112
(d)(6) and to review and reduce remaining risk (ie., residual)
according to Section 112 (f).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Environmental and other public health
groups filed a lawsuit alleging that EPA missed statutory deadlines to
review and revise Refinery MACT 1 and 2. The EPA reached an agreement
to settle this litigation, and in a consent decree filed January 13,
2014 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, EPA
committed to perform the risk and technology review for Refinery MACT 1
and 2 by May 15, 2014 to either propose any regulations or propose that
addiitonal regulations are not necessary. Under the consent decree, EPA
comitted

[[Page 76629]]

to take final action by April 17, 2015, establishing regulations
pursuant to the risk and technology review or to issue a final
determination that revision to the existing rules is not necessary.
 Alternatives: Alternatives were discussed in the proposal preamble
published on June 30, 2014, at 79 FR 36879.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: For the proposal, estimated total
capital investment--240 million, total annualized cost--42 million;
Projected reductions of 52,000 tons VOC, 5,560 tons of HAP.
 Risks: The risk addressed is human health risk. The proposal
estimated that cancer incidence would be reduced by 15% over the
current baseline as a result of proposed amendments.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/30/14 79 FR 36879
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/15/14 79 FR 48111
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0682.
 Sectors Affected: 324110 Petroleum Refineries.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/ttn/atw/petrefine/petrefpg.html.
 Agency Contact: Brenda Shine, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, E143-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-3608, Fax: 919 541-0246, Email: shine.brenda@epamail.epa.gov
 Penny Lassiter, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
E143-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-5396, Fax:
919 541-0246, Email: lassiter.penny@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ75

EPA--AR

134. Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From New
Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will establish the first new source
performance standards for greenhouse gas emissions. This rule will
establish carbon dioxide (CO2) emission standards for certain new
fossil fuel-fired electric generating units.
 Statement of Need: EGU GHG NSPS is the first action item in
President Obama's Climate Action Plan (CAP). The CAP called for the EPA
to issue a proposal by September 20, 2013 to regulate carbon emissions
from fossil fuel-fired power plants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and this is
subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as amended
in 1990.
 Alternatives: The three alternatives the EPA considered in the BSER
analysis for new fossil fuel-fired utility boilers and IGCC units are:
(1) Highly efficient new generation that does not include CCS
technology, (2) highly efficient new generation with ``full capture''
CCS and (3) highly efficient new generation with ``partial capture''
CCS.
 We considered two alternatives in evaluating the BSER for new
fossil fuel-fired stationary combustion turbines: (1) Modern, efficient
NGCC units and (2) modern, efficient NGCC units with CCS.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Under a wide range of electricity
market conditions--including the EPA's baseline scenario as well as
multiple sensitivity analyses--EPA projects that the industry will
choose to construct new units that already meet these standards,
regardless of this proposal. As a result, the EPAanticipates that the
proposed EGU New Source GHG Standards will result in negligible CO2
emission changes, energy impacts, benefits or costs for new units
constructed by 2020.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Finding for Greenhouse Gases
Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act. The EPA made this
determination based primarily upon the recent, major assessments by the
U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), the National Research
Council (NRC) of the National Academies and the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change (IPCC).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/13/12 77 FR 22392
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/04/12 77 FR 26476
Notice.............................. 01/08/14 79 FR 1352
Second NPRM......................... 01/08/14 79 FR 1429
Notice.............................. 02/26/14 79 FR 10750
Comment Period Extended............. 03/06/14 79 FR 12681
Final Rule.......................... 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2011-0660.
 Sectors Affected: 221 Utilities.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OAR-2011-0660-0001.
 Agency Contact: Nick Hutson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
451-2968, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: hutson.nick@epa.gov
 Christian Fellner, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and
Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-
4003, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: fellner.christian@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ91

EPA--AR

135. Implementation of the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards
for Ozone: State Implementation Plan Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7409; 42 U.S.C. 7410; 42 U.S.C. 7511 to
7511f; 42 U.S.C. 7601(a)(1)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50; 40 CFR 51; 40 CFR 70; 40 CFR 71.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will address a range of state
implementation requirements for the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality
Standards (NAAQS) for ozone, including requirements pertaining to
attainment demonstrations, reasonable further progress, reasonably
available control technology, reasonably available control measures,
nonattainment new source review, emission inventories, and the timing
of State Implementation Plan (SIP) submissions and compliance with
emission control measures in the SIP. Other issues also addressed in
this final rule are the revocation of the 1997 ozone NAAQS for purposes
other than transportation conformity; anti-backsliding requirements
that would apply when the 1997 NAAQS are revoked; and the section 185
fee program.

[[Page 76630]]

Statement of Need: This rule is needed to establish requirements
for what states must include in their state implementation plans (SIPs)
to bring nonattainment areas into compliance with the 2008 ozone NAAQS.
There is no court-ordered deadline for this final rule. However, the
CAA requires the nonattainment area plans addressed by this rule to be
developed and submitted by states within 2 to 3 years after the July
20, 2012 date of nonattainment designations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CAA section 110 authorizes EPA to require
state planning to attain the NAAQS and to help states implement their
plans.
 Alternatives: The rule included several alternatives for meeting
implementation requirements, including but not limited to options for
SIP submittal dates, NOX substitution for VOC in RFP SIPs,
alternative baseline years for RFP and alternatives for addressing
anti-backsliding requirements once the 1997 ozone NAAQS has been
revoked. The EPA solicited comments on a number of topics, including
alternative approaches to achieving RFP, RACT flexibility and alternate
revocation dates for the 1997 ozone NAAQS.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The annual burden for this
information collection averaged over the first 3 years is estimated to
be a total of 120,000 labor hours per year at an annual labor cost of
$2.4 million (present value) over the 3-year period or approximately
$91,000 per state for the 26 state respondents, including the District
of Columbia. The average annual reporting burden is 690 hours per
response, with approximately 2 responses per state for 58 state
respondents. There are no capital or operating and maintenance costs
associated with the proposed rule requirements. Burden is defined at 5
CFR 1320.3(b).
 Risks: Ozone concentrations that exceed the National Ambient Air
Quality Standards (NAAQS) to can cause adverse public health and
welfare effects, as discussed in the March 27, 2008 Final Rule for
NAAQS for Ozone (73 FR 16436).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/06/13 78 FR 34177
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/24/13 78 FR 44485
Final Rule.......................... 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0885.
 URL For More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/actions.html#impl.
 Agency Contact: Karl Pepple, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, C539-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 206
553-1778, Fax: 919 541-0824, Email: pepple.karl@epa.gov
 Megan Brachtl, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C539-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-2648, Fax:
919 541-5315, Email: brachtl.megan@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AR34

EPA--AR

136. Carbon Pollution Standards for Modified and Reconstructed
Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will amend the electric generating units
(EGU) New Source Performance Standards for modified and reconstructed
facilities for greenhouse gas (GHG) under Clean Air Act section 111(b).
 Statement of Need: The issuance of standards of performance for
modified and reconstructed power plants is an action item in President
Obama's Climate Action Plan (CAP). The CAP calls for the EPA to issue a
proposal by no later than June 1, 2014 and to issue a final rule by no
later than June 1, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and
thus is subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as
amended in 1990.
 Alternatives: Alternatives were discussed in the proposal preamble
published on June 18, 2014, at 79 FR 34959.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA anticipates few covered
units will trigger the reconstruction or modification provisions in the
period of analysis (through 2025). As a result, we do not anticipate
any significant costs or benefits associated with this proposal.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases
under section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/18/14 79 FR 34959
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/16/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0603.
 Agency Contact: Christian Fellner, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone:
919 541-4003, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: fellner.christian@epa.gov
 Nick Hutson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 451-2968, Fax:
919 541-5450, Email: hutson.nick@epa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 2060-AQ91, Related to 2060-AR33
 RIN: 2060-AR88

EPA--OFFICE OF CHEMICAL SAFETY AND POLLUTION PREVENTION (OCSPP)

Final Rule Stage

137. Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Protection Standard Revisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 136w
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 170.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On March 19, 2014, the EPA proposed to revise the federal
regulations issued under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) that direct agricultural worker protection (40
CFR 170). The proposed changes are in response to extensive stakeholder
review of the regulation and its implementation since 1992, and reflect
current research on how to mitigate occupational pesticide exposure to
agricultural workers and pesticide handlers. The EPA is proposing to
strengthen the protections provided to agricultural workers and
handlers under the worker protection standard by improving elements of
the existing regulation, such as training, notification, communication
materials, use of personal protective equipment, and decontamination
supplies. The EPA expects the revisions, once final, to prevent
unreasonable adverse effects from exposure to pesticides among
agricultural workers and pesticide

[[Page 76631]]

handlers; vulnerable groups, such as minority and low-income
populations, child farmworkers, and farmworker families; and the
general public. The EPA recognizes the importance and independence of
family farms and is proposing to expand the immediate family exemption
to the WPS.
 Statement of Need: Stakeholders have identified gaps in the
protections in the current worker protection regulations. Revisions to
the regulations are necessary to better protect agricultural workers
and pesticide handlers from unreasonable adverse effects of pesticide
exposure.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is being developed under
the authority of sections 2 through 35 of the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), 7 U.S.C. 136-136y, and
particularly section 25(a), 7 U.S.C. 136w(a).
 Alternatives: EPA proposed several amendments to the existing WPS
requirements, including: amending the existing pesticide safety
training content, retraining interval (frequency), and qualifications
of trainers; ensuring workers receive safety information before
entering any pesticide treated area by amending the existing grace
period and expanding the training required during the grace period;
establishing a minimum age of 16 for handlers and for workers who enter
an area under an re-entry interval (REI); establishing requirements for
specific training and notification for workers who enter an area under
an REI; restricting persons' entry into areas adjacent to a treated
area during an application; enhancing the requirement for employers to
post warning signs around treated areas; modifying the content of the
warning sign; adding information employers must keep under the
requirement to maintain application-specific information; requiring
recordkeeping for pesticide safety training and worker entry into areas
under an REI; ensuring the immediate family exemption includes an
exemption from the proposed minimum age requirements for handlers and
early-entry workers; and expanding the definition of immediate family
to allow more family-owned operations to qualify for the exemptions to
the WPS requirements. EPA considered a variety of alternatives for each
of the proposed changes. The published NPRM describes each of the
alternatives considered in detail.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Economic Analysis issued with
the proposed rule provides the EPA's analysis of the potential costs
and impacts associated with the proposed rule. As proposed, the
estimated cost is between $62 and $73 million annually, with most of
the cost on the agricultural employer; and the quantified benefits are
estimated between $5-$14 million annually, from avoided acute
illnesses. A break even analysis of the potential reduction in chronic
illnesses indicates that only 53 cases of several chronic illnesses
(Parkinson's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, prostate cancer, lung
cancer, chronic bronchitis, and asthma) would satisfy the gap between
the quantified benefits and the cost.
 Risks: Agricultural workers and pesticide handlers are at risk from
pesticide exposure through their work activities, and may put their
families at risk of secondary exposures. In order to address exposure
risks to workers, pesticide handlers, and their families, the Agency
has proposed revisions identified by stakeholders.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/19/14 79 FR 15443
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/14/14 79 FR 27546
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/17/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 08/18/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0184-0119.
 Sectors Affected: 111 Crop Production; 115 Support Activities for
Agriculture and Forestry; 32532 Pesticide and Other Agricultural
Chemical Manufacturing; 541690 Other Scientific and Technical
Consulting Services; 541712 Research and Development in the Physical,
Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology); 8133 Social
Advocacy Organizations
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/health/worker.htm.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0184.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Davis, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-7002, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email:
davis.kathy@epa.gov
 Richard Pont, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 305-6448, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email: pont.richard@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ22

EPA--OCSPP

138. Formaldehyde; Third-Party Certification Framework for the
Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2697; TSCA sec 601.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 770.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Deadline for
promulgation of regulations, per 15 U.S.C. 2697(d).
 Abstract: The EPA is developing a final rule under the Formaldehyde
Standards for Composite Wood Products Act was enacted in 2010 as title
VI of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, to establish
specific formaldehyde emission limits for hardwood plywood,
particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard, which are identical to
the California emission limits for these products. In 2013, the EPA
issued a proposed rule under TSCA title VI to establish a framework for
a TSCA title VI Third-Party Certification Program whereby third-party
certifiers (TPCs) are accredited by accreditation bodies (ABs) so that
they may certify composite wood product panel producers under TSCA
title VI. The proposed rule identifies the roles and responsibilities
of the groups involved in the TPC process (EPA, ABs, and TPCs), as well
as the criteria for participation in the program. This proposal
contains general requirements for TPCs, such as conducting and
verifying formaldehyde emission tests, inspecting and auditing panel
producers, and ensuring that panel producers' quality assurance and
quality control procedures comply with the regulations set forth in the
proposed rule. A separate Regulatory Agenda entry (RIN 2070-AJ92)
covers the other proposed regulation to implement the statutory
formaldehyde emission standards for hardwood plywood, medium-density
fiberboard, and particleboard sold, supplied, offered for sale, or
manufactured (including imported) in the United States. EPA may decide
to issue a single final rule to promulgate the final requirements
related to both proposed rules.
 Statement of Need: TSCA title VI directs the EPA to promulgate

[[Page 76632]]

regulations to implement the statutory formaldehyde emission standards
and emissions testing requirements for composite wood products
(hardwood plywood, particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard). It
also directs the EPA to include regulatory provisions relating to
third-party testing and certification in addition to the auditing and
reporting of third-party certifiers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA is issuing this rule under title VI
of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, enacted in
the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act of 2010,
which provides authority for the EPA to ``[Acirc]`[Acirc]`promulgate
regulations to implement the standards required under subsection (b) of
the Act. This provision includes authority to promulgate regulations
relating to [Acirc]`[Acirc]`third-party testing and certification' and
[Acirc]`[Acirc]`auditing and reporting of third-party certifiers.''
 Alternatives: As explained in the proposed rule, EPA considered a
variety of alternatives. EPA considered directly operating a program
for the accreditation of TPCs instead of entering into recognition
agreements with ABs for that purpose. EPA considered increasing the
amount of time for receiving accreditations under TSCA Title VI that
was proposed to be afforded to TPCs that are already recognized by the
California Air Resources Board (CARB). In addition, EPA considered
requiring TPCs to be reaccredited every 2 years (which would align with
CARB's requirements) instead of every 3 year years, and requiring Abs
to audit TPCs once every 3 years instead of every 2 years (which would
align with the proposed 3 year accreditation period). EPA also
considered alternative retailer recordkeeping provisions for records
related to the manufacture of component parts and finished goods prior
to the effective date of the final rule. Finally, while the Agency did
not propose mandatory electronic reporting for information that ABs and
TPCs would be required to submit under the proposed rule, EPA sought
public comment on such a requirement. EPA is evaluating public comments
concerning the proposed rule and alternatives as it formulates the
final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issued with the proposed rule, the
Economic Analysis provides the EPA analysis of the potential costs and
impacts associated with this rulemaking. As proposed, the annualized
costs are estimated at approximately $34,000 per year using either a 3%
discount rate or a 7% discount rate. This rule would impact an
estimated 9 small entities, of which 8 are expected to have impacts of
less than 1% of revenues or expenses, and 1 is expected to have impacts
between 1% and 3%. State, Local, and Tribal Governments are not
expected to be subject to the rule's requirements, which apply to
third-party certifiers and accreditation bodies. The rule does not have
a significant intergovernmental mandate, significant or unique effect
on small governments, or have Federalism implications.
 Risks: At room temperature, formaldehyde is a colorless, flammable
gas that has a distinct, pungent smell. Small amounts of formaldehyde
are naturally produced by plants, animals and humans. Formaldehyde is
used widely by industry to manufacture a range of building materials
and numerous household products. It is in resins used to manufacture
some composite wood products (e.g., hardwood plywood, particleboard and
medium-density fiberboard). Everyone is exposed to small amounts of
formaldehyde in the air, some foods, and products, including composite
wood products. The primary way you can be exposed to formaldehyde is by
breathing air containing it. Formaldehyde can cause irritation of the
skin, eyes, nose, and throat. High levels of exposure may cause some
types of cancers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 12/03/08 73 FR 73620
Second ANPRM........................ 01/30/09 74 FR 5632
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34795
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/23/13 78 FR 44090
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/21/13 78 FR 51696
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Docket #: ANPRM stage: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2008-
0627; NPRM Stage: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2011-0380. See also RIN 2070-AJ92.
 Sectors Affected: 541611 Administrative Management and General
Management Consulting Services; 541990 All Other Professional,
Scientific, and Technical Services; 561990 All Other Support Services;
813910 Business Associations; 541330 Engineering Services; 813920
Professional Organizations; 321219 Reconstituted Wood Product
Manufacturing; 541380 Testing Laboratories; 3212 Veneer, Plywood, and
Engineered Wood Product Manufacturing
 URL For More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/opptintr/chemtest/formaldehyde/index.html.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPPT-2011-0380-0001.
 Agency Contact: Robert Courtnage, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-1081, Email: courtnage.robert@epa.gov
 Toiya Goodlow, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, Mail Code 7404T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave
NW, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-2305, Email:
goodlow.toiya@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ44

EPA--OCSPP

139. Formaldehyde Emissions Standards for Composite Wood Products

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2697; TSCA sec 601.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 770.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Statutory
Deadline. NPRM, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Deadline is for issuance of
FINAL Rule.
 Abstract: The EPA is developing a final rule under the Formaldehyde
Standards for Composite Wood Products Act that was enacted in 2010 as
title VI of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, and
requires that the EPA promulgate implementing regulations to establish
specific formaldehyde emission limits for hardwood plywood,
particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard, which limits are
identical to the California emission limits for these products. In
2013, the EPA proposed regulations to implement emissions standards
established by TSCA title VI for composite wood products sold,
supplied, offered for sale, or manufactured in the United States.
Pursuant to TSCA section 3(7), the

[[Page 76633]]

definition of ``manufacture'' includes import. As required by title VI,
these regulations apply to hardwood plywood, medium-density fiberboard,
and particleboard. TSCA title VI also directs EPA to promulgate
supplementary provisions to ensure compliance with the emissions
standards, including provisions related to labeling; chain of custody
requirements; sell-through provisions; ULEF resins; no-added
formaldehyde-based resins; finished goods; third-party testing and
certification; auditing and reporting of third-party certifiers;
recordkeeping; enforcement; laminated products; and exceptions from the
requirements of regulations promulgated pursuant to this subsection for
products and components containing de minimis amounts of composite wood
products. A separate Regulatory Agenda entry (RIN 2070-AJ44) addresses
requirements for accrediting bodies and third-party certifiers. EPA may
decide to issue a single final rule to promulgate the final
requirements related to both proposed rules.
 Statement of Need: TSCA title VI directs the EPA to promulgate
regulations to implement the statutory formaldehyde emission standards
and emissions testing requirements for composite wood products
(hardwood plywood, particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA is issuing this rule under title VI
of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, enacted in
the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act of 2010,
which directs EPA to promulgate regulations to implement the
formaldehyde emission standards and emissions testing requirements
established by the Act. Congress directed the EPA to consider a number
of elements for inclusion in the implementing regulations, many of
which are aspects of the California Air Resources Board (CARB) program.
These elements include: (a) labeling, (b) chain of custody
requirements, (c) sell-through provisions, (d) ultra low-emitting
formaldehyde resins, (e) no-added formaldehyde-based resins, (f)
finished goods, (g) third-party testing and certification, (h) auditing
and reporting of TPCs, (i) recordkeeping, (j) enforcement, (k)
laminated products, and (l) exceptions from the requirements of
regulations promulgated for products and components containing de
minimis amounts of composite wood products.
 Alternatives: TSCA Title VI establishes national formaldehyde
emission standards for composite wood products and the EPA has not been
given the authority to change those standards. EPA considered various
alternatives to other proposed requirements. With respect to a
definition of hardwood plywood, EPA considered exempting all laminated
products from the definition, exempting all laminated products except
architectural panels and custom plywood, exempting laminated products
made using no-added formaldehyde (NAF) resins to attach veneer to
platforms certified as NAF, and exempting laminated products made using
NAF resins to attach veneer to compliant and certified platforms. EPA
also considered allowing certifications for ultra-low emitting
formaldehyde. Furthermore, EPA considered reduced recordkeeping
requirements for firms that do not qualify as manufacturers under TSCA,
not requiring notification to suppliers that the products supplied must
comply with TSCA Title VI, and allowing to tested lots to be shipped
before test results are available. EPA is evaluating implementation
alternatives in this rulemaking and public comments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issued with the proposed rule, the
Economic Analysis provides the EPA's analysis of the potential costs
and benefits associated with this rulemaking. As proposed, this
rulemaking will reduce exposures to formaldehyde, resulting in benefits
from avoided adverse health effects. For the subset of health effects
where the results were quantified, the estimated annualized benefits
(due to avoided incidence of eye irritation and nasopharyngeal cancer)
are $20 million to $48 million per year using a 3% discount rate, and
$9 million to $23 million per year using a 7% discount rate. There are
additional unquantified benefits due to other avoided health effects.
The annualized costs are estimated at $72 million to $81 million per
year using a 3% discount rate, and $80 million to $89 million per year
using a 7% discount rate. Government entities are not expected to be
subject to the rule's requirements, which apply to entities that
manufacture (including import), fabricate, distribute, or sell
composite wood products. EPA also estimated that the rulemaking would
impact nearly 879,000 small businesses: Over 851,000 have costs impacts
less than 1% of revenues, over 23,000 firms have impacts between 1% and
3%, and over 4,000 firms have impacts greater than 3% of revenues. Most
firms with impacts over 1% have annualized costs of less than $250 per
year. This rule increases the level of environmental protection for all
affected populations without having any disproportionately high and
adverse human health or environmental effects on any population,
including any minority or low-income population or children. The
estimated costs of the proposed rule exceed the quantified benefits.
There are additional unquantified benefits due to other avoided health
effects. After assessing both the costs and the benefits of the
proposal, including the unquantified benefits, EPA has made a reasoned
determination that the benefits of the proposal justify its costs.
 Risks: At room temperature, formaldehyde is a colorless, flammable
gas that has a distinct, pungent smell. Small amounts of formaldehyde
are naturally produced by plants, animals and humans. Formaldehyde is
used widely by industry to manufacture a range of building materials
and numerous household products. It is in resins used to manufacture
some composite wood products (e.g., hardwood plywood, particleboard and
medium-density fiberboard). Everyone is exposed to small amounts of
formaldehyde in the air, some foods, and products, including composite
wood products. The primary way you can be exposed to formaldehyde is by
breathing air containing it. Formaldehyde can cause irritation of the
skin, eyes, nose, and throat. High levels of exposure may cause some
types of cancers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34820
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/23/13 78 FR 44089
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/21/13 78 FR 51695
Notice.............................. 04/08/14 79 FR 19305
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/09/14 79 FR 26678
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/26/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2012-0018. See also
RIN 2070-AJ44.
 Sectors Affected: 325199 All Other Basic Organic Chemical
Manufacturing;

[[Page 76634]]

337212 Custom Architectural Woodwork and Millwork Manufacturing; 321213
Engineered Wood Member (except Truss) Manufacturing; 423210 Furniture
Merchant Wholesalers; 442110 Furniture Stores; 444130 Hardware Stores;
321211 Hardwood Veneer and Plywood Manufacturing; 444110 Home Centers;
337127 Institutional Furniture Manufacturing; 423310 Lumber, Plywood,
Millwork, and Wood Panel Merchant Wholesalers; 453930 Manufactured
(Mobile) Home Dealers; 321991 Manufactured Home (Mobile Home)
Manufacturing; 336213 Motor Home Manufacturing; 337122 Nonupholstered
Wood Household Furniture Manufacturing; 444190 Other Building Material
Dealers; 423390 Other Construction Material Merchant Wholesalers;
325211 Plastics Material and Resin Manufacturing; 321992 Prefabricated
Wood Building Manufacturing; 321219 Reconstituted Wood Product
Manufacturing; 441210 Recreational Vehicle Dealers; 337215 Showcase,
Partition, Shelving, and Locker Manufacturing; 321212 Softwood Veneer
and Plywood Manufacturing; 336214 Travel Trailer and Camper
Manufacturing; 337121 Upholstered Household Furniture Manufacturing;
337110 Wood Kitchen Cabinet and Countertop Manufacturing; 337211 Wood
Office Furniture Manufacturing; 337129 Wood Television, Radio, and
Sewing Machine Cabinet Manufacturing
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/opptintr/chemtest/formaldehyde/index.html.
 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPPT-2012-0018-0001.
 Agency Contact: Cindy Wheeler, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-0484, Email: wheeler.cindy@epa.gov
 Robert Courtnage, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of
Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460,
Phone: 202 566-1081, Email: courtnage.robert@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ92

EPA--Solid Waste and Emergency Response (SWER)

Final Rule Stage

140. Standards for the Management of Coal Combustion Residuals
Generated by Commercial Electric Power Producers

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect State, local or tribal
governments and the private sector.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6905; 42 U.S.C. 6906; 42 U.S.C.
6907(a)(3); 42 U.S.C. 6912; 42 U.S.C. 6912(a); 42 U.S.C. 6912(a)(1); 42
U.S.C. 6921; 42 U.S.C. 6922; 42 U.S.C. 6923; 42 U.S.C. 6924; 42 U.S.C.
6925; 42 U.S.C. 6925(j); 42 U.S.C. 6935; 42 U.S.C. 6936; 42 U.S.C.
6937; 42 U.S.C. 6944(a); 42 U.S.C. 6949a(c); 33 U.S.C. 1345(d); 33
U.S.C. 1345(e)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 257; 261; 264; 265; 268; 271; 302.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Judicial, December 19, 2014, Signature date.
 Abstract: On June 21, 2010, the EPA proposed, under the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) to regulate coal combustion
residuals (CCRs) generated from the combustion of coal at electric
utilities and independent power producers to address risks from the
disposal of CCRs in surface impoundments and landfills. The EPA sought
public comments on two regulatory approaches. One proposed option would
be to list these residuals as ``special wastes,'' and draws from
remedies available under subtitle C of RCRA, which creates a
comprehensive program of federally enforceable requirements for waste
management and disposal. The other proposed option included remedies
under subtitle D of RCRA, which gives the EPA authority to set disposal
standards for waste management facilities. Under both options, the EPA
proposed not to regulate the beneficial use of CCRs, such as its use in
concrete. In addition, this rule did not address CCRs generated from
non-utility boilers burning coal, nor would it address the placement of
coal combustion residuals in mines or non-minefill uses of CCRs at coal
mine sites. Since the publication of the proposed rule, EPA has issued
three Notices of Data Availability (NODAs) seeking public comment on
additional data and information obtained by the EPA. In the most recent
NODA, issued on August 2, 2013, the EPA invited comment on additional
information to supplement the Regulatory Impact Analysis and risk
assessment; information on large scale fill; and data on the surface
impoundment structural integrity assessments. With this NODA, the EPA
also sought comment on two issues associated with the requirements for
CCR management units, closure and the construction of new units over
pre-existing CCR landfills and surface impoundments. Under a consent
decree, a final rule must be signed no later than December 19, 2014.
 Statement of Need: The EPA is proposing to regulate for the first
time, coal combustion residuals under the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act (RCRA) to address the risks from the disposal of coal
combustion residuals in surface impoundments and landfills, generated
from the combustion of coal at electric utilities and by independent
power producers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The CCR rule was proposed under the
authority of sections 1008(a), 2002(a), 3001, 3004, 3005, and 4004 of
the Solid Waste Disposal Act of 1970, as amended by RCRA and as amended
by the hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984 (HSWA). These
statutes, combined, are commonly referred to as ``RCRA.'' RCRA section
1008(a) authorizes the EPA to publish ``suggested guidelines for solid
waste management.'' Such guidelines must provide a technical and
economic descriptions of the level of performance that can be achieved
by available solid waste management practices that provide for the
protection of human health and the environment. RCRA section 2002
grants the EPA broad authority to prescribe, in consultation with
federal, state and regional authorities, such regulations as are
necessary to carry out the function under federal solid waste disposal
laws. RCRA section 3001(b) requires EPA to list particular wastes that
will be subject to the requirements established under subtitle C.
Section 3001(b)(3)(A) generally establishes a temporary exemption for
CCRs primarily from the combustion of coal or other fossil fuels and
requires the EPA to conduct a study to determine whether these waste
should be regulated under Subtitle C or RCRA. Section 3004 generally
requires EPA to establish standards for the treatment, storage, and
disposal of hazardous waste to ensure protection of human health and
the environment. RCRA section 3004(x) allows the Administrator to
tailor certain specified requirements for particular categories of
wastes. RCRA section 3005 generally requires that any facility that
treats, stores, or disposes of wastes identified or listed under
subtitle C, to have a permit. RCRA section 4004 requires the EPA to
promulgate regulations

[[Page 76635]]

containing criteria for determining which facilities shall be
classified as sanitary landfills (and not open dumps).
 Alternatives: In the proposed rule EPA considered two options for
the regulation of CCRs. Under the first option, the EPA would reverse
its August 1993 and May 2000 Bevill Regulatory Determinations regarding
CCRs and list these residuals as special wastes subject to regulation
under subtitle C of RCRA, when they are destined for disposal in
landfills or surface impoundments. Under the second option, the EPA
would leave the Bevill determination in place and regulate the disposal
of such materials under subtitle D of RCRA by issuing national minimum
criteria. Under both options, the EPA considered establishing dam
safety requirements to address the structural integrity of surface
impoundment to prevent catastrophic releases. The EPA also solicited
comment on a number of alternatives including several combination
approaches, such as regulating surface impoundments under subtitle C of
RCRA while regulating landfills under subtitle D or RCRA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA estimated the potential
costs and benefits of the proposed CCR rule in a regulatory impact
analysis (RIA) dated April 2010. Although in June 2010 the EPA co-
proposed two regulatory options (i.e., subtitle C and subtitle D
options) for the CCR rule, the RIA evaluated three regulatory
approaches to the proposed rule: subtitle C, subtitle D, and subtitle
``D Prime'' options. The RIA is available from the regulatory docket as
document ID number EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640-0003. Based on a 50-year
future period of analysis using a 7% discount rate at year 2009 price
level, the RIA estimated the potential average annual future costs of
these three options to range between $1,474 million, $587 million, and
$236 million per year, respectively. These costs are associated with 12
to 19 different combinations of pollution controls (i.e., engineering
controls & ancillary requirements) proposed for each option such as
groundwater monitoring, landfill and impoundment bottom liners,
fugitive dust controls, and location restrictions, to name a few.
 Based on three monetized benefit categories consisting of (a)
avoided future groundwater contamination from CCR landfills and
impoundments, (b) avoided future CCR impoundment structural failures,
and (c) induced future increase in the beneficial uses of CCR as a
substitute ingredient in concrete, cement, wallboard, and about a dozen
other markets, the RIA estimated the potential future average annual
benefits of the three options to range between $6,320 to $7,405, $2,533
to $3,026 and $1,023 to $1,268 per year, respectively. Because some
stakeholders during the development of the CCR proposed rule asserted
to the EPA a potential future stigma effect in beneficial use markets
under the Subtitle C option, the RIA also evaluated a potential dis-
benefit decrease in CCR beneficial uses under an alternative scenario,
as well as under a no change in beneficial use scenario.
 Risks: The EPA's damage cases and risk assessments all indicated
the potential for CCR landfills and surface impoundments to leach
hazardous constituents into groundwater, impairing drinking water
supplies and causing adverse impacts on human health and the
environment. Indeed, groundwater contamination is one of the key
environmental risks the EPA has identified with CCR landfills and
surface impoundments. Furthermore, as mentioned previously, the
legislative history of RCRA specifically evidences concerns over
groundwater contamination from disposal units. Composite liners, as
modeled in the 2010 draft risk assessment, effectively reduce risks
from all constituents to below the risk criteria for both landfills and
surface impoundments at the 90th and 50th percentiles. Thus, the
requirements for new units to be composite lined will reduce future
risks significantly. However, the EPA proposed several regulatory
alternatives that may or may not require existing units without
composite liners to close.
 To this end, groundwater monitoring is a key mechanism for
facilities to verify that the existing containment structures, such as
liners and leachate collection and removal systems, are functioning as
intended. Thus, the EPA believes that, in order for a CCR landfill or
surface impoundment to meet RCRA's protection standard, a system of
routine groundwater monitoring to detect any such contamination from a
disposal unit, and corrective action requirements to address identified
contamination, is necessary. EPA's proposed groundwater monitoring
criteria require a system of monitoring wells be installed at new and
existing CCR landfills and surface impoundments. The proposed criteria
also provide procedures for sampling these wells and methods for
statistical analysis of the analytical data derived from the well
samples to detect the presence of hazardous constituents released from
these facilities. The Agency proposed a groundwater monitoring program
consisting of detection monitoring, assessment monitoring, and a
corrective action program. This phased approach to groundwater
monitoring and corrective action programs provide for a graduated
response over time to the problem of groundwater contamination as the
evidence of such contamination increases. This allows for proper
consideration of the transport characteristics of CCR constituents in
ground water, while protecting human health and the environment, and
minimizing unnecessary costs.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 08/29/07 72 FR 49714
NPRM................................ 06/21/10 75 FR 35128
Notice.............................. 07/15/10 75 FR 41121
Notice.............................. 10/12/11 76 FR 63252
Notice.............................. 08/02/13 78 FR 46940
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640, EPA-HQ-
RCRA-2011-0392. http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-
RCRA-2009-0640.
 Sectors Affected: 221112 Fossil Fuel Electric Power Generation.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/epawaste/nonhaz/industrial/special/fossil/ccr-rule/index.htm.

 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-RCRA-2011-0392.
 Agency Contact: Alexander Livnat, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-7251, Fax: 703 605-0595, Email: Livnat.Alexander@epa.gov
 Steve Souders, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-8431,
Fax: 703 605-0595, Email: souders.steve@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AE81

EPA--SWER

141. Revising Underground Storage Tank Regulations--Revisions to
Existing Requirements and New Requirements for Secondary Containment
and Operator Training

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.

[[Page 76636]]

Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6991et seq.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 280-281.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations were first
promulgated in 1988 primarily to prevent releases from retail petroleum
marketers (gas stations) and other facilities into the environment.
These regulations have reduced the incidents of contamination. However,
there is a need to revise the regulations to incorporate changes to the
UST program from the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as well as to update
outdated portions of the regulations due to changes in technology since
the 1980s. On August 8, 2005, President Bush signed the Energy Policy
Act of 2005 (EPAct). Title XV, Subtitle B of this act (entitled the
Underground Storage Tank Compliance Act of 2005), amends Subtitle I of
the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the original legislation that created the
UST program. There are key provisions of the EPAct that apply to states
receiving federal UST funding but do not apply in Indian Country,
including requirements for secondary containment and operator training.
The EPA will also use our knowledge of the program gained over the last
20 years to update and revise the regulations to make targeted changes
to improve implementation and prevent UST releases. In the NPRM, the
EPA proposed: adding secondary containment requirements for new and
replaced tanks and piping; adding operator training requirements;
adding periodic operation and maintenance requirements for UST systems;
removing certain deferrals; adding new release prevention and detection
technologies; updating codes of practice; making editorial and
technical corrections; and updating state program approval requirements
to incorporate these new changes.
 Statement of Need: The Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations
were first promulgated in 1988 primarily to prevent releases from
retail petroleum marketers (gas stations) and other facilities into the
environment. These regulations have reduced the incidents of
contamination. However, there is a need to revise the regulations to
incorporate changes to the UST program from the Energy Policy Act of
2005, as well as to update outdated portions of the regulations due to
changes in technology since the 1980s. On August 8, 2005, President
Bush signed the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (EPAct). Title XV, Subtitle B
of this act (entitled the Underground Storage Tank Compliance Act of
2005), amends Subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the original
legislation that created the UST program. There are key provisions of
the EPAct that apply to states receiving federal UST funding but do not
apply in Indian Country, including requirements for secondary
containment and operator training. EPA also used its knowledge of the
program gained over the last 20 years to propose revisions to the
regulations to make targeted changes to improve implementation and
prevent UST releases.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for this rulemaking comes
from 42 U.S.C. 6912, 6991, 6991(a), 6991(b), 6991(c), 6991(d), 6991(e),
6991(f), 6991(g), and 6991(h).
 Alternatives: Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA prepared an
analysis of the potential incremental costs and benefits associated
with the revisions to the UST regulation. The RIA estimated regulatory
implementation and compliance costs, as well as benefits for the
regulatory options considered. A substantial portion of the beneficial
impacts associated with the final UST regulation are avoided cleanup
costs as a result of preventing releases and reducing the severity of
releases. Due to data and resource constraints, the EPA was unable to
quantify some of the final UST regulation's benefits, including
avoidance of human health risks, ecological benefits, and mitigation of
acute exposure events and large-scale releases, such as those from
airport hydrant systems and field-constructed tanks. This regulation
will increase the protection of groundwater throughout the country, but
the EPA was unable to place a value on the groundwater protected by
this UST regulation.
 Under the proposed rule, on an annualized basis, the estimated
regulatory compliance costs are $210 million (Selected Option), $520
million (Option 1) and $130 million (Option 2). Separately, the
proposed rule allows for annual cost savings related to avoided costs
of $300-470 million (Selected Option), $310-770 million (Option 1) and
$110-590 million (Option 2).
 Risks: There are approximately 575,000 underground storage tanks
(USTs) nationwide that store petroleum or hazardous substances. The
greatest potential threat from a leaking UST is contamination of
groundwater, the source of drinking water for nearly half of all
Americans.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/18/11 76 FR 71708
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 02/15/12 77 FR 8757
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No
 Small Entities Affected: No
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-UST-2011-0301
 Sectors Affected: 72 Accommodation and Food Services; 481 Air
Transportation; 48811 Airport Operations; 112 Animal Production; 111
Crop Production; 2211 Electric Power Generation, Transmission and
Distribution; 447 Gasoline Stations; 622 Hospitals; 31-33
Manufacturing; 486 Pipeline Transportation; 44-45 Retail Trade; 485
Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation; 484 Truck Transportation;
483 Water Transportation; 42 Wholesale Trade
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/oust/fedlaws/proposedregs.html
 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-UST-2011-0301-0001
 Agency Contact: Elizabeth McDermott, Environmental Protection
Agency, Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5401P, Washington, DC
20460,
 Phone: 703 603-7175 Fax: 703 603-0175 Email:
McDermott.Elizabeth@epamail.epa.gov
 Paul Miller, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5401P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 603-7165,
Fax: 703 603-0175, Email: Miller.Paul@epamail.epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG46

EPA--WATER (WATER)

Final Rule Stage

142. Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Steam
Electric Power Generating Point Source Category

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect State, local or tribal
governments and the private sector.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1311; 33 U.S.C. 1314; 33 U.S.C. 1316; 33
U.S.C. 1317; 33 U.S.C. 1318; 33 U.S.C. 1342; 33 U.S.C. 1361
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 423 revision.

[[Page 76637]]

Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, April 19, 2013, Consent Decree.
 Final, Judicial, September 30, 2015, 9/30/2015--Consent Decree
deadline for Final Action--Defenders of Wildlife v. Jackson, 10-1915,
D. DC
 Abstract: The EPA establishes national technology-based
regulations, called effluent limitations guidelines and standards, to
reduce discharges of pollutants from industries to waters of the U.S.
These requirements are incorporated into National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System (NPDES) discharge permits issued by the EPA and
states and through the national pretreatment program. The steam
electric effluent limitations guidelines and standards apply to steam
electric power plants using nuclear or fossil fuels, such as coal, oil
and natural gas. There are about 1,200 nuclear- and fossil-fueled steam
electric power plants nationwide; approximately 500 of these power
plants are coal-fired. In a study completed in 2009, EPA found that the
current regulations, which were last updated in 1982, do not adequately
address the pollutants being discharged and have not kept pace with
changes that have occurred in the electric power industry over the last
three decades. The rulemaking may address discharges associated with
coal ash waste and flue gas desulfurization (FGD) air pollution
controls, as well as other power plant waste streams. Power plant
discharges can have major impacts on water quality, including reduced
organism abundance and species diversity, contamination of drinking
water sources, and contamination of fish. Pollutants of concern include
metals (e.g., mercury, arsenic and selenium), nutrients, and total
dissolved solids. The proposed rule was published in the Federal
Register on June 7, 2013 (``Effluent Limitations Guidelines and
Standards for the Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source
Category, '' 78 FR 34431).
 Statement of Need: Steam electric power plants contribute over half
of all toxic pollutants discharged to surface waters by all industrial
categories currently regulated in the United States under the Clean
Water Act. For example, steam electric plants annually discharge:
64,400 lb. of lead [Auml]2,820 lb. of mercury
[Auml]79,200 lb. of arsenic [Auml]225,000 lb. of
selenium [Auml] 1,970,000 lb. of aluminum
[Auml]4,990,000 lb. of zinc [Auml]30,000,000 lb. of
nitrogen [Auml]682,000 lb. of phosphorus 14,500,000 lb. of
manganese [Auml]158,000 lb. of vanadium; and [Auml]27
other pollutants. Discharges of these toxic pollutants are linked to
cancer, neurological damage, and ecological damage. Many of these toxic
pollutants, once in the environment, remain there for years. These
pollutant discharges contribute to: over 160 water bodies not meeting
State quality standards [Auml]185 waters for which there are
fish consumption advisories; and [Auml]degradation of 399 water
bodies across the country that are drinking water supplies. The revised
steam electric rule would strengthen the existing controls on
discharges from these plants. It would set the first Federal limits on
the levels of toxic metals in wastewater that can be discharged from
power plants, based on technology improvements in the industry over the
last three decades.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 301(b)(2) of the Clean Water Act
(``CWA'') requires the EPA to promulgate effluent limitations for
categories of point sources, using technology-based standards that
govern the sources' discharge of certain pollutants. 33 U.S.C.
1311(b)(2). Section 304(b) directs the EPA to develop effluent
guidelines that identify certain technologies and control measures
available to achieve effluent reductions for each point source
category, specifying factors to be taken into account in identifying
those technologies and control measures. 33 U.S.C. 1314(b). Since the
1970s, the EPA has formulated effluent limitations and effluent
guidelines in tandem through a single administrative process. Am.
Frozen Food Inst. v. Train, 539 F.2d 107 (D.C. Cir. 1976). For new
sources, the CWA authorizes the EPA to set Standards of Performance for
categories of sources. 33 U.S.C. 1316. For new and existing facilities
that introduce pollutants into Publicly Owned Treatment Works, the EPA
promulgates pretreatment standards. 33 U.S.C. 1317(b), (c). Together,
effluent limitations guidelines, standards of performance, and
pretreatment standards are called ``Effluent Limitations Guidelines and
Standards,'' or ``ELGs.'' The CWA also requires the EPA to perform an
annual review of existing effluent guidelines and to revise them, if
appropriate. 33 U.S.C. 1314(b); see also 33 U.S.C. 1314(m)(1)(A). The
EPA originally established effluent limitations guidelines and
standards for the steam electric generating point source category in
1974 and last updated them in 1982. 47 FR 52,290 (Nov. 19, 1982). As
described above, the EPA determined the existing regulations do not
adequately address the pollutants being discharged and that revisions
are appropriate.
 Alternatives: This analysis will cover various sizes and types of
potentially regulated pollutant discharges and associated control
technologies. For example, the proposal identified four preferred
regulatory options that differ in the number of waste streams covered,
size of the units controlled, and stringency of controls.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA's proposed revisions to the
steam electric rule identified a range of preferred regulatory options.
The EPA's estimates of the annual social costs of the steam electric
rule range from $185 million to $954 million with associated annual
pollutant discharge reductions of 470 million to 2.62 billion pounds
and water use reductions of 50 billion to 103 billion gallons. The
EPA's estimate of the monetized benefits, which only includes a portion
of the benefits, range from $139 million to $483 million. The range
reflects that different regulatory options would control different
wastestreams and provide different stringency of controls.
 Risks: Effluent limitations guidelines and standards are technology
based discharge requirements. As such, EPA has not assessed risk
associated with this action. However, as detailed in the Statement of
Need, toxic pollutant discharges from steam electric plants are linked
to cancer, neurological damage, and ecological damage.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/07/13 78 FR 34431
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/12/13 78 FR 41907
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-OW-2009-0819.
 Sectors Affected: 22111 Electric Power Generation; 221112 Fossil
Fuel Electric Power Generation; 221113 Nuclear Electric Power
Generation.
 URL for More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/scitech/wastetech/guide/steam_index.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Ronald Jordan, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, Mail Code 4303T,1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-1003, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email:
jordan.ronald@epamail.epa.gov
 Jezebele Alicea, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, Mail Code

[[Page 76638]]

4303T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-1755, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email: alicea.jezebele@epamail.epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF14

EPA--WATER

143. Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 131 (revision).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The EPA proposed changes to the water quality standards
(WQS) regulation to improve its effectiveness in helping restore and
maintain the Nation's Waters. The core of the current WQS regulation
has been in place since 1983. Since then, a number of issues have been
raised by stakeholders or identified by the EPA in the implementation
process that will benefit from clarification and greater specificity.
The proposed rule addresses the following six key areas: 1)
Administrator's determination that new or revised WQS are necessary, 2)
designated uses, 3) triennial review requirements, 4) antidegradation,
5) variances to water quality standards, and 6) compliance schedule
authorizing provisions. These revisions will allow the EPA, states and
authorized tribes to better achieve program goals by providing clearer
more streamlined requirements to facilitate enhanced water resource
protection.
 Statement of Need: The core requirements of the current WQS
regulation have been in place for over 30 years. These requirements
have provided a strong foundation for water quality-based controls,
including water quality assessments, impaired waters lists, and total
maximum daily loads (TMDLs) under CWA section 303(d), as well as for
water quality-based effluent limits (WQBELs) in NPDES discharge permits
under CWA section 402. As with the development and operation of any
program, however, a number of policy and technical issues have recurred
over the past 30 years in individual standards reviews, stakeholder
comments, and litigation that the EPA believes would be addressed and
resolved more efficiently by clarifying, updating and revising the
federal WQS regulation to assure greater public transparency, better
stakeholder information, and more effective implementation.
 The basic structure of the water quality standards regulation (40
CFR part 131) was last revised in November 1983. The EPA added tribal
provisions in 1991, ``Alaska rule'' provisions in 2000, and BEACH Act
rule provisions in 2004. At the 15-year point (July 1998), the EPA
issued a comprehensive advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPRM)
and conducted an extensive dialogue with states and the public on over
130 discrete issues. The ANPRM led to some program redirections, but
EPA did not revise the regulation itself at that time. The EPA has
proposed targeted changes to the WQS regulation that aim to improve the
regulation's effectiveness in restoring and maintaining the chemical,
physical and biological integrity of the Nation's waters, and to
clarify and simplify regulatory requirements.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The CWA establishes the basis for the
current WQS regulation and program. Section 303(c) of the Act addresses
the development of state and authorized tribal WQS and provides for the
following: (1) WQS shall consist of designated uses and water quality
criteria based upon such uses; (2) States and authorized tribes shall
establish WQS considering the following possible uses for their waters-
propagation of fish, shellfish and wildlife, recreational purposes,
public water supply, agricultural and industrial water supplies,
navigation, and other uses; (3) State and tribal standards must protect
public health or welfare, enhance the quality of water, and serve the
purposes of the Act; (4) States and tribes must review their standards
at least once every 3 years; and (5) the EPA is required to review any
new or revised state and tribal standards, and is also required to
promulgate federal standards where the EPA finds that new or revised
state or tribal standards are not consistent with applicable
requirements of the Act or in situations where the Administrator
determines that federal standards are necessary to meet the
requirements of the Act.
 The EPA established the core of the current WQS regulation in a
final rule issued in 1983. This rule strengthened previous provisions
that had been in place since 1977 and moved them to a new 40 CFR part
131 (54 FR 51400, November 8, 1983). The resulting regulation describes
how the WQS envisioned in the CWA are to be administered. It clarifies
the content of standards and establishes more detailed provisions for
implementing the provisions of the Act.
 Alternatives: In support of the 1983 regulation, the EPA has issued
a number of guidance documents that have provided guidance on the
interpretation and implementation of the WQS regulation, and on
scientific and technical analyses that are used in making decisions
that would impact WQS. In 1998, the EPA issued an Advance Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) to discuss and invite comment on over 130
aspects of the federal WQS regulation and program, with a goal of
identifying specific changes that might strengthen water quality
protection and restoration, facilitate watershed management
initiatives, and incorporate evolving water quality criteria and
assessment science into state and tribal WQS programs. (63 FR 36742,
July 7, 1998). In response, the EPA received over 3,200 specific
written comments from over 150 comment letters. The EPA also held three
public meetings during the 180-day comment period where additional
comments were received and discussed. Although the EPA chose not to
move forward with a rulemaking after the ANRPM, as a result of the
input received, the EPA identified a number of high priority issue
areas for which the Agency has developed guidance, provided technical
assistance and continued further discussion and dialogue to assure more
effective program implementation. As with the development and operation
of any program, however, a number of policy and technical issues have
recurred over the past 30 years that the EPA believes would be
addressed and resolved more efficiently by clarifying, updating and
revising the Federal WQS regulation to assure greater public
transparency, better stakeholder information, and more effective
implementation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because this proposal will not
establish any requirements directly applicable to regulated entities,
the focus of the EPA's economic analysis is to estimate the potential
administrative burden and costs to state, tribal, and territorial
governments, and the EPA. In the proposal the EPA is considering
whether to include a requirement that antidegradation implementation
methods be formally adopted as WQS and thus subject to the EPA's review
and approval or disapproval. This additional requirement would require
affected entities to develop or revise antidegradation implementation
methods, and adopt the implementation methods in WQS, resulting in one-
time (nonrecurring) burden and costs. The total annual costs for this
proposal with the requirement to adopt antidegradation implementation
methods as WQS is estimated to range from $5.98 million to $9.27
million per year. The total annual costs for this

[[Page 76639]]

proposal without the requirement to adopt antidegradation
implementation methods as WQS is estimated to range from $5.84 million
to $9.01 million per year.
 States, tribes, stakeholders, and the public will benefit from the
proposed clarifications of the WQS regulations by ensuring better
utilization of available WQS tools that allow states and tribes the
flexibility to implement their WQS in an efficient manner while
providing transparency and open public participation. Although
associated with potential administrative burden and costs in some
areas, this proposal has the potential to partially offset these costs
by reducing regulatory uncertainty and consequently increasing overall
program efficiency. Furthermore, more efficient and effective
implementation of state and tribal WQS has the potential to provide a
variety of economic benefits associated with cleaner water including
the availability of clean, safe, and affordable drinking water, water
of adequate quality for agricultural and industrial use, and water
quality that supports the commercial fishing industry and higher
property values. Nonmarket benefits of this proposal include the
protection and improvement of public health and greater recreational
opportunities. The EPA acknowledges that achievement of any benefits
associated with cleaner water would involve additional control
measures, and thus costs to regulated entities and non-point sources,
that have not been included in the economic analyses for this proposed
rule. The EPA has not attempted to quantify either the costs of such
control measures that might ultimately be required as a result of this
rule, or the benefits they would provide.
 Risks: Reducing regulatory uncertainty has the impact of increasing
overall program efficiency.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 07/30/10 75 FR 44930
NPRM................................ 09/04/13 78 FR 54517
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/27/13 78 FR 70905
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/02/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OW-2010-0606.
 URL for More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/standards/index.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Shari Barash, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, Mail Code 4305T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-0996, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email:
barash.shari@epa.gov
 Janita Aguirre, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, Mail Code
4305T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-1149 Fax: 202 566-0409 Email: aguirre.janita@epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF16

EPA--WATER

144. Definition of ``Waters of the United States'' Under the Clean
Water Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1251
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 110; 40 CFR 112; 40 CFR 116; 40 CFR 117; 40
CFR 122; 40 CFR 230; 40 CFR 232; 40 CFR 300; 40 CFR 302; 40 CFR 401; 33
CFR 328
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos,
the scope of ``waters of the US'' protected under all CWA programs has
been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The Act has a
single definition for ``waters of the United States.'' As a result,
these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC
and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory definition of
``waters of the United States.'' However, the decisions established
important considerations for how those regulations should be
interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has identified
several areas that could benefit from additional clarification through
rulemaking. U.S. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed a
rule for determining whether a water is protected by the Clean Water
Act. This rule will make clear which waterbodies are protected under
the Clean Water Act.
 Statement of Need: After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC
(Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers, 531 U.S. 159 (2001)) and Rapanos (Rapanos v. United States ,
547 U.S. 715 (2006)), the scope of waters of the US protected under all
CWA programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty.
The Act has a single definition for waters of the United States. As a
result, these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA
programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory
definition of waters of the United States. However, the decisions
established important considerations for how those regulations should
be interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has
identified several areas that could benefit from additional
clarification through rulemaking. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers are developing a proposed rule for determining whether a
water is protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule would clarify
which water bodies are protected under the Clean Water Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (Corps) publish for public comment a proposed rule defining
the scope of waters protected under the CWA, in light of the U.S.
Supreme Court cases in U.S. v. Riverside Bayview Homes, Solid Waste
Agency of Northern Cook County v. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
(SWANCC), and Rapanos v. United States (Rapanos). The goal of the
agencies is to ensure the regulatory definition is consistent with the
CWA, as interpreted by the Supreme Court, and as supported by science,
and to provide maximum clarity to the public, as the agencies work to
fulfill the CWA's objectives and policy to protect water quality,
public health, and the environment.
 Alternatives: The agencies solicited comment on a number of issues
throughout the proposed rule preamble. In particular, the agencies
requested comment on alternate approaches to determining whether
``other waters'' are similarly situated and have a ``significant
nexus'' to a traditional navigable water, interstate water, or the
territorial seas. Just as the agencies are seeking comment on a variety
of approaches, or combination of approaches, as to which waters are
jurisdictional, the agencies also request comment on determining which
waters should be determined non-jurisdictional. In addition, the
agencies are seeking comment on alternate approaches to define
``neighboring.''
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA and the Corps of Engineers
prepared an analysis of the potential costs and benefits associated
with this action. The definition of ``waters of the U.S.,'' by itself,
imposes no direct costs. The potential costs and benefits incurred as a
result of this proposed action are considered indirect because the
action involves a definitional change to a term that is used in the

[[Page 76640]]

implementation of a variety of CWA programs. Each of these programs may
subsequently impose direct or indirect costs as a result of
implementation of their specific regulations. The proposed rule would
provide an estimated $388 million to $514 million annually of benefits
to the public, including reducing flooding, filtering pollution,
providing wildlife habitat, supporting hunting and fishing, and
recharging groundwater. The public benefits outweigh the costs of about
$162 million to $278 million per year for mitigating impacts to streams
and wetlands, and taking steps to reduce pollution to waterways.
 Risks: This proposal would enhance protection for the nation's
public health and aquatic resources, and increase CWA program
predictability and consistency by increasing clarity as to the scope of
``waters of the United States'' protected under the Act.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/21/14 79 FR 22187
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 06/24/14 79 FR 35712
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/21/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 10/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/lawsregs/guidance/wetlands/CWAwaters.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Donna Downing, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, 4502T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-2428, Email:
cwawaters@epa.gov
 Rose Kwok, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, 1200
Pennsylvania Ave NW., Mail Code 4502T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-0657, Email: cwawaters@epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF30
BILLING CODE 6560-50-P

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION (EEOC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The mission of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC,
Commission, or Agency) is to ensure equality of opportunity in
employment by vigorously enforcing and educating the public about the
following Federal statutes: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
as amended (prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race,
color, sex (including pregnancy), religion, or national origin); the
Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended (makes it illegal to pay unequal
wages to men and women performing substantially equal work under
similar working conditions at the same establishment); the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (prohibits
employment discrimination based on age of 40 or older); Titles I and V
of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, and sections 501
and 505 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended (prohibit employment
discrimination based on disability); Title II of the Genetic
Information Nondiscrimination Act (prohibits employment discrimination
based on genetic information and limits acquisition and disclosure of
genetic information); and section 304 of the Government Employee Rights
Act of 1991 (protects certain previously exempt state & local
government employees from employment discrimination on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability).
 The first item in this Regulatory Plan is entitled ``The Federal
Sector's Obligation To Be a Model Employer of Individuals with
Disabilities.'' The EEOC's regulations implementing section 501, as set
forth in 29 CFR part 1614, require Federal agencies and departments to
be ``model employers'' of individuals with disabilities. The Commission
issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) on May 15,
2014, (79 FR 27824), and intends to issue a proposed rule to revise the
regulations regarding the Federal government's affirmative employment
obligations in 29 CFR part 1614 to include a more detailed explanation
of how Federal agencies and departments should ``give full
consideration to the hiring, placement, and advancement of qualified
individuals with disabilities.'' Any revisions would be informed by
Management Directive 715, and may include goals consistent with
Executive Order 13548. Furthermore, any revisions would result in costs
only to the Federal Government; would contribute to increasing the
employment of individuals with disabilities; and would not affect risks
to public health, safety, or the environment.
 The second item is entitled ``Federal Sector Equal Employment
Opportunity Process.'' In July 2012, the Commission published a final
rule containing fifteen discrete changes to various parts of the
Federal sector EEO process, and indicated that the rule was the
Commission's initial step in a broader review of the Federal sector EEO
process. The Commission intends to develop an ANPRM which would seek
public input on additional issues associated with the Federal sector
EEO process.
 The third item is entitled ``Amendments to Regulations Under the
Americans With Disabilities Act.'' This proposed rule would amend the
regulations to implement the equal employment provisions of the
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to address the interaction
between title I of the ADA and financial inducements and/or penalties
as part of wellness programs offered through health plans. EEOC also
plans to address other aspects of wellness programs that may be subject
to the ADA's nondiscrimination provisions in this NPRM.
 The fourth item is entitled ``Amendments to Regulations Under the
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008.'' This proposed rule
would amend the regulations on the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 to address inducements to employees'
spouses or other family members who respond to questions about their
current or past medical conditions on health risk assessments. This
NPRM will also correct a typographical error in the rule's discussion
of wellness programs and add references to the Affordable Care Act,
where appropriate.
 Consistent with section 4(c) of Executive Order 12866, this
statement was reviewed and approved by the Chair of the Agency. The
statement has not been reviewed or approved by the other members of the
Commission.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the EEOC's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of the entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
(http://reginfo.gov/) in the Completed Actions section. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov (http://regulations.gov).

[[Page 76641]]

The EEOC's final Plan for Retrospective Analysis of Existing Rules can
be found at: http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/regulations/retro_review_plan_final.cfm.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Effect on small
 RIN Title business
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3046-AA91..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS OR on small
 CHARGES OF businesses by
 EMPLOYMENT making the charge/
 DISCRIMINATION complaint process
 BASED ON more efficient.
 DISABILITY SUBJECT
 TO THE AMERICANS
 WITH DISABILITIES
 ACT AND SECTION
 504 OF THE
 REHABILITATION ACT
 OF 1973.
3046-AA92..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS/CHARGES on small
 OF EMPLOYMENT businesses by
 DISCRIMINATION making the charge/
 BASED ON complaint process
 DISABILITY FILED more efficient.
 AGAINST EMPLOYERS
 HOLDING GOVERNMENT
 CONTRACTS OR
 SUBCONTRACTS.
3046-AA93..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS OF on small
 EMPLOYMENT businesses by
 DISCRIMINATION making the charge/
 FILED AGAINST complaint process
 RECIPIENTS OF more efficient.
 FEDERAL FINANCIAL
 ASSISTANCE.
3046-AB00..................... FEDERAL SECTOR This rulemaking
 EQUAL EMPLOYMENT pertains to the
 OPPORTUNITY. Federal Sector
 equal employment
 opportunity
 process and thus
 is not expected to
 affect small
 businesses.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EEOC

Prerule Stage

145. Federal Sector Equal Employment Opportunity Process

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 206(d); 29 U.S.C. 633a; 29 U.S.C. 791;
29 U.S.C. 794; 42 U.S.C. 2000e-16; EO 10577; EO 11222; EO 11478; EO
12106; Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1978; 42 U.S.C. 2000ff-6(e)
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1614.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In July 2012, the Commission published a final rule
containing 15 discrete changes to various parts of the Federal sector
EEO complaint process, and indicated that the rule was the Commission's
initial step in a broader review of the Federal sector EEO process. The
Commission intends to develop an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
(ANPRM), which would seek public input on additional issues associated
with the Federal sector EEO process.
 Statement of Need: Any proposals contained in an ANPRM would be
aimed at making the process more fair and efficient.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
authorizes EEOC ``to issue such rules, regulations, orders, and
instructions as it deems necessary and appropriate to carry out its
responsibilities under . . . section [717].'' 42 U.S.C. 2000e-16(b).
 Alternatives: The EEOC would consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, we anticipate that most of the changes will have no cost and
will benefit users of the process by correcting or clarifying the
requirements. Any cost that might result would only be borne by the
Federal Government.
 Risks: Any proposed revisions would not affect risks to the public
health, safety, or the environment
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Thomas J. Schlageter, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4668, Fax: 202 653-
6034, Email: thomas.schlageter@eeoc.gov
 Gary Hozempa, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4666, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
gary.hozempa@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB00

EEOC

Proposed Rule Stage

146. The Federal Sector's Obligation To Be a Model Employer of
Individuals With Disabilities

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 791(b)
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1614.203(a).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended
(Section 501), prohibits discrimination against individuals with
disabilities in the Federal Government. The EEOC's regulations
implementing section 501, as set forth in 29 CFR part 1614, require
Federal agencies and departments to be ``model employers'' of
individuals with disabilities.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ 29 CFR 1614.203(a).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

On May 15, 2014, the Commission issued an Advance Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 27824) that sought public comments on
whether and how the existing regulations could be improved to provide
more detail on what being a ``model employer'' means and how Federal
agencies and departments should ``give full consideration to the
hiring, placement and advancement of qualified individuals with
disabilities.'' \2\ The EEOC's review of the comments and potential
revisions was informed by the discussion in Management Directive 715 of
the tools Federal agencies should use to establish goals for the
employment and advancement of individuals with disabilities. The EEOC's
review of the comments and potential revisions was also informed by,
and consistent with, the goals of Executive Order 13548 to increase the
employment of individuals with disabilities and the employment of
individuals with targeted disabilities.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ Id.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Statement of Need: Pursuant to section 501 of the Rehabilitation
Act, the Commission is authorized to issue such regulations as it deems
necessary to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. Executive
Order 13548 called for increased efforts by Federal agencies and
departments to recruit, hire, retain, and return individuals with
disabilities to the Federal workforce.
 Summary of Legal Basis:

[[Page 76642]]

Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (section
501), 29 U.S.C. 791, in addition to requiring nondiscrimination with
respect to Federal employees and applicants for Federal employment who
are individuals with disabilities, also requires Federal agencies to
maintain, update annually, and submit to the Commission an affirmative
action program plan for the hiring, placement, and advancement of
individuals with disabilities. As part of its responsibility for the
administration and enforcement of equal opportunity in Federal
employment, the Commission is authorized under 29 U.S.C. 794a(a)(1) to
issue rules, regulations, orders, and instructions pursuant to section
501.
 Alternatives: The EEOC considered all alternatives offered by ANPRM
public commenters. The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
future public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Any costs that might result would
only be borne by the Federal Government. The revisions would contribute
to increased employment of individuals with disabilities.
 Risks: The proposed changes do not affect risks to public health,
safety, or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/15/14 79 FR 27824
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 07/14/14
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Aaron Konopasky, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4127, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
aaron.konopasky@eeoc.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 3046-AA73
 RIN: 3046-AA94

EEOC

147. Amendments to Regulations Under the Americans With Disabilities
Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1630.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would amend the regulations to
implement the equal employment provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) to address the interaction between title I of
the ADA and financial inducements and/or penalties as part of wellness
programs offered through health plans. EEOC also plans to address other
aspects of wellness programs that may be subject to the ADA's
nondiscrimination provisions in this NPRM.
 Statement of Need: The revision to 29 CFR 1630.14(d) is needed to
address numerous inquiries EEOC has received about whether an employer
that complies with regulations implementing the final Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) rules concerning wellness
program incentives, as amended by the Affordable Care Act (ACA), will
be in compliance with the ADA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires the EEOC to issue
regulations implementing title I of the Act. The EEOC initially issued
regulations in 1991 on the law's requirements and prohibited practices
with respect to employment and issued amended regulations in 2011 to
conform to changes to the ADA made by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008.
These proposed revisions are based on that statutory requirement.
 Alternatives: The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, the Commission does not anticipate that the rule will impose
additional costs on employers, beyond minimal costs to train human
resource professionals. The regulation does not impose any new employer
reporting or recordkeeping obligations. We anticipate that the changes
will benefit entities covered by title I of the ADA by generally
promoting consistency between the ADA and HIPAA, as amended by the ACA,
and result in greater predictability and ease of administration.
 Risks: The proposed rule imposes no new or additional risks to
employers. The proposal does not address risks to public safety or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Joyce Walker-Jones, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal
Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE.,
Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-7031, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
joyce.walker-jones@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB01

EEOC

148. Amendments to Regulations Under the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act of 2008

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 2000ff
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1635.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would amend the regulations on the
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 to address
inducements to employees' spouses or other family members who respond
to questions about their current or past medical conditions on health
risk assessments. This NPRM will also correct a typographical error in
the rule's discussion of wellness programs and add references to the
Affordable Care Act, where appropriate.
 Statement of Need: The revision to 29 CFR 1635.8 is needed to
address numerous inquiries received by EEOC about whether an employer
will violate the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 by
offering an employee a financial inducement if the employee's family
member completes an HRA that asks about the family member's current
health status. Technical amendments are also needed to correct a
typographical error and to include references to the ACA, where
appropriate.
 Summary of Legal Basis: GINA, section 211, 42 U.S.C. 2000ff-10,

[[Page 76643]]

requires the EEOC to issue regulations implementing title II of the
Act. The EEOC issued regulations on November 9, 2010. These proposed
revisions are based on that statutory requirement.
 Alternatives: The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, the Commission does not anticipate that the rule will impose
additional costs on employers, beyond minimal costs to train human
resource professionals. The regulation does not impose any new employer
reporting or recordkeeping obligations. We anticipate that the changes
will benefit entities covered by title II of GINA by clarifying that
employers who offer wellness programs are free to adopt a certain type
of inducement without violating GINA, as well as correcting an internal
citation, and providing citations to the ACA.
 Risks: The proposed rule imposes no new or additional risks to
employers. The proposal does not address risks to public safety or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Kerry Leibig, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of the Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4516, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
kerry.leibig@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB02
BILLING CODE 6570-01-P

GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (GSA)--REGULATORY PLAN--OCTOBER 2014

I. Mission and Overview

GSA oversees the business of the Federal Government. The
acquisition solutions GSA implements provides Federal purchasers with
cost-effective, high-quality products and services from commercial
vendors, while helping to keep the Nation safe by providing tools,
equipment, and non-tactical vehicles to the U.S. military, and
providing State and local governments with law enforcement equipment,
firefighting and rescue equipment, and disaster recovery products and
services. We provide workplaces for Federal employees and oversee the
preservation of historic Federal properties.
 Our Agency serves the public by delivering services directly to its
Federal customers through the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), the
Public Buildings Service (PBS), and the Office of Government-wide
Policy (OGP). With a continuing commitment to its Federal customers and
the U.S. taxpayers, GSA provides its services in the most cost-
effective manner possible.

Federal Acquisition Service (FAS)

FAS is the lead organization for procurement of products and
services (other than real property) for the Federal Government. The FAS
organization leverages the buying power of the Government by
consolidating Federal agencies' requirements for common goods and
services. FAS provides a range of high-quality and flexible acquisition
services that increase overall Government effectiveness and efficiency.
FAS business operations are organized into four business portfolios
based on the product or service provided to customer agencies:
Integrated Technology Services (ITS); Assisted Acquisition Services
(AAS); General Supplies and Services (GSS); and Travel, Motor Vehicles,
and Card Services (TMVCS). The FAS portfolio structure enables GSA and
FAS to provide best value services, products, and solutions to its
customers by aligning resources around key functions.

Public Buildings Service (PBS)

PBS is the largest public real estate organization in the United
States, providing facilities and workspace solutions to more than 60
Federal agencies. PBS aims to provide a superior workplace for the
Federal worker and superior value for the U.S. taxpayer. Balancing
these two objectives is PBS' greatest management challenge. PBS'
activities fall into two broad areas. The first is space acquisition
through both leases and construction. PBS translates general needs into
specific requirements, marshals the necessary resources, and delivers
the space necessary to meet the respective missions of its Federal
clients. The second area is management of space. This involves making
decisions on maintenance, servicing tenants, and ultimately, deciding
when and how to dispose of a property at the end of its useful life.

Office of Government-Wide Policy (OGP)

OGP sets Government-wide policy in the areas of personal and real
property, travel and transportation, information technology, regulatory
information, and use of Federal advisory committees. OGP also helps
direct how all Federal supplies and services are acquired as well as
GSA's own acquisition programs. OGP's regulatory function fully
incorporates the provisions of the President's priorities and
objectives under Executive Order 12866 and 13563 with policies covering
acquisition, travel, and property and management practices to promote
efficient Government operations. OGP's strategic direction is to ensure
that Government-wide policies encourage agencies to develop and utilize
the best, most cost effective management practices for the conduct of
their specific programs. To reach the goal of improving Government-wide
management of property, technology, and administrative services, OGP
builds and maintains a policy framework by (1) incorporating the
requirements of Federal laws, Executive orders, and other regulatory
material into policies and guidelines; (2) facilitating Government-wide
reform to provide Federal managers with business-like incentives and
tools and flexibility to prudently manage their assets; (3)
identifying, evaluating, and promoting best practices to improve
efficiency of management processes; and (4) performing ongoing analysis
of existing rules that may be obsolete, unnecessary, unjustified,
excessively burdensome, or counterproductive.
 OGP's policy regulations are described in the following
subsections:

Office of Asset and Transportation Management (Federal Travel
Regulation)

Federal Travel Regulation (FTR) enumerates the travel and
relocation policy for all title 5 Executive agency employees. The Code
of Federal Regulations (CFR) is available at www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr.
Each version is updated as official changes are published in the
Federal Register (FR). FR publications and complete versions of the FTR
are available at www.gsa.gov/ftr.
 The FTR is the regulation contained in 41 Code of Federal
Regulations (CFR), chapters 300 through 304, that implements statutory
requirements and

[[Page 76644]]

executive branch policies for travel by Federal civilian employees and
others authorized to travel at Government expense.
 The Administrator of General Services promulgates the FTR to: (a)
Interpret statutory and other policy requirements in a manner that
balances the need to ensure that official travel is conducted in a
responsible manner with the need to minimize administrative costs and
(b) communicate the resulting policies in a clear manner to Federal
agencies and employees.

Office of Asset and Transportation Management (Federal Management
Regulation)

Federal Management Regulation (FMR) establishes policy for
aircraft, transportation, personal property, real property, and mail
management. The FMR is the successor regulation to the Federal Property
Management Regulation (FPMR), and it contains updated regulatory
policies originally found in the FPMR. However, it does not contain
FPMR material that describes how to do business with the GSA.

Office of Acquisition Policy (General Services Administration
Acquisition Manual (GSAM) and the General Services Administration
Acquisition Regulation (GSAR))

GSA's internal rules and practices on how it buys goods and
services from its business partners are covered by the General Services
Administration Acquisition Manual (GSAM), which implements and
supplement the Federal Acquisition Regulation at GSA. The GSAM
comprises both a non-regulatory portion (GSAM), which reflects policies
with no external impact, and a regulatory portion, the General Services
Administration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR). The GSAR establishes
agency acquisition regulations that affect GSA's business partners
(e.g. prospective offerors and contractors) and acquisition of
leasehold interests in real property. The latter are established under
the authority of 40 U.S.C. 490. The GSAR implements contract clauses,
solicitation provisions, and forms that control the relationship
between GSA and contractors and prospective contractors.

II. Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

FTR Regulatory Priorities
 In fiscal year 2014, GSA plans to amend the FTR by:
 Revising Chapter 301, Temporary Duty Travel, ensuring
accountability and transparency. This revision will ensure agencies'
travel for missions is efficient and effective, reduces costs, promotes
sustainability, and incorporates industry best practices at the lowest
logical travel cost.
 Revising Chapter 302, Relocation Allowances for
miscellaneous items to address current Government relocation needs
which the last major rewrite (FTR Amendment 2011-01) did not update.
This will include revising the Relocation Income Tax (RIT) Allowance;
amending coverage on family relocation; and amending the calculations
regarding the commuted rate for employee-managed household goods
shipments.
FMR Regulatory Priorities
 In fiscal year 2014, GSA plans to amend the FMR by:
 Revising rules regarding management of Government
aircraft;
 Revising rules regarding management of Federal real
property;
 Revising rules regarding management of Federal personal
property.
GSAR Regulatory Priorities
 GSA plans, to update the GSAR to maintain consistency with the
Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and to implement streamlined and
innovative acquisition procedures that contractors, offerors, and GSA
contracting personnel can utilize when entering into and administering
contractual relationships. Currently, GSA is focusing on clarifying the
GSAR by--
 Providing consistency with the FAR;
 Eliminating coverage that duplicates the FAR or creates
inconsistencies within the GSAR;
 Correcting inappropriate references listed to indicate the
basis for the regulation;
 Rewriting sections that have become irrelevant because of
changes in technology or business processes or that place unnecessary
administrative burdens on contractors and the Government;
 Streamlining or simplifying the regulation;
 Rolling up coverage from the services and regions/zones
that should be in the GSAR;
 Providing new and/or augmented coverage; and
 Deleting unnecessary burdens on small businesses.

Regulations of Concern to Small Businesses

FAR and GSAR rules are relevant to small businesses who do or wish
to do business with the Federal Government. Approximately 18,000
businesses, most of whom are small, have GSA schedule contracts. GSA
assists its small businesses by providing assistance through its Office
of Small Business Utilization. In addition, GSA extensively utilizes
its regional resources, within FAS and PBS, to provide grassroots
outreach to small business concerns, through hosting such outreach
events, or participating in a vast array of other similar presentations
hosted by others.

Regulations Which Promote Open Government and Disclosure

RIN 3090-AJ30; Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case 2012-
102-4, Disposal and Reporting of Federal Electronic Assets (FEA):
 The GSA is considering comments received during the publication of
the Proposed Rule FMR 102-36 in developing its Final Rule. As
envisioned, this policy directs agencies to dispose of non-functional
electronics through more sustainable means, and will require
publication of agency disposal data on www.data.gov for public viewing
into Federal activities.

III. Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (July, 2013), the GSA retrospective
review and analysis final and updated regulations plan can be found at
www.gsa.gov/improvingregulations. The FAR retrospective review and
analysis final and updated regulations plan can be found at
www.acquisition.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regulation Identifier No. Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Proposed Rule Stage
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AI76................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2008-G506,
 Rewrite of GSAR Part 515, Contracting by
 Negotiation.

[[Page 76645]]


3090-AI81................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2008-G509,
 Rewrite GSAR 536, Construction and Architect-
 Engineer Contracts.
3090-AI82................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2006-G506,
 Environment, Conservation, Occupational
 Safety, and Drug-Free Workplace.
3090-AJ29................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-3; Government Domain Registration
 and Management.
3090-AJ41................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2013-G502,
 Federal Supply Schedule Contracting
 (Administrative Changes).
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Final Rule Stage
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AI79................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2008-102-4, Mail Management, Financial
 Requirements for All Agencies.
3090-AI95................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2009-307, Temporary Duty (TDY) Travel
 Allowances (Taxes); Relocation Allowances
 (Taxes).
3090-AJ23................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-310; Telework Travel Expenses Test
 Programs.
3090-AJ26................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-2; Donation of Surplus Personal
 Property.
3090-AJ27................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2012-301; Removal of Conference Lodging
 Allowance Provisions.
3090-AJ30................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-4, Disposal and Reporting of
 Federal Electronic Assets (FEA).
3090-AJ34................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-5, Restrictions on International
 Transportation of Freight and Household
 Goods.
3090-AJ46................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2013-G501;
 Qualifications of Offerors.
3090-AJ47................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2014-G501;
 Progressive Awards and Monthly Quantity
 Allocations.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Completed Actions
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AJ06................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2010-303; Terms and Definitions for
 ``Dependent,'' ``Domestic Partner,''
 ``Domestic Partnership,'' and ``Immediate
 Family.''
3090-AJ11................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-301; Per Diem, Miscellaneous
 Amendments.
3090-AJ21................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-308; Payment of Expenses Connected with
 the Death of Certain Employees.
3090-AJ22................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-309, Lodging Reimbursement.
3090-AJ31................ General Service Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2012-G503,
 Industrial Funding Fee (IFF) and Sales
 Reporting.
3090-AJ35................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2013-102-1; Obligating Authority.
3090-AJ36................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2012-G501,
 Electronic Contracting Initiative.
3090-AJ42................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2010-G511,
 Purchasing by Non-Federal Entities.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 Dated: September 23, 2014.
Christine Harada,
Associate Administrator, Office of Government-wide Policy.
BILLING CODE 6820-34-P

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION (NASA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

For this statement of priorities, NASA has no recent legislative
and programmatic activities that affect its regulations. There are no
rulemakings that are expected to have high net benefits. All of the
Agency's rulemaking promotes open government as the public is given an
opportunity to review and comment on these rulemakings prior to
promulgation. The Agency has no rulemakings that reduce unjustified
burdens with no particular concern to small businesses, and there are
no significant international impacts.
 NASA continues to implement programs according to its 2014
Strategic Plan. NASA's mission is to ``Drive advances in science,
technology, aeronautics, and space exploration to enhance knowledge,
education, innovation, economic vitality, and stewardship of the
Earth.'' The FY 2014 Strategic Plan, (available at
http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/files/2014_NASA_Strategic_Plan.pdf),
guides NASA's
program activities through a framework of the following three strategic
goals:
 Strategic Goal 1: Expand the frontiers of knowledge,
capability, and opportunity in space.
 Strategic Goal 2: Advance understanding of Earth and
develop technologies to improve the quality of life on our home planet.
 Strategic Goal 3: Serve the American public and accomplish
our mission by effectively managing our people, technical capabilities,
and infrastructure.
 In the decades since Congress enacted the National Aeronautics and
Space Act of 1958, NASA has challenged its scientific and engineering
capabilities in pursuing its mission, generating tremendous results and
benefits for humankind. NASA will continue to push scientific and
technical boundaries in pursuit of these goals.
 The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), 48 CFR chapter 1,
contains procurement regulations that apply to NASA and other Federal
agencies. NASA implements and supplements FAR requirements through the
NASA FAR Supplement (NFS), 48 CFR chapter 18. NASA is in the process of
reviewing and updating the entire NFS with a projected completion date
of December 2015. Concurrently, NASA will continue to make routine
changes to the NFS to implement NASA initiatives and Federal
procurement policy.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13579 ``Regulation and
Independent Regulatory Agencies'' (Jul. 11, 2011), NASA regulations
associated with its retrospective review and analysis are described in
the Agency's final retrospective plan of existing regulations. Nineteen
of these regulations were completed and are described below. NASA's
final plan and

[[Page 76646]]

updates can be found at http://www.nasa.gov/open, under the Compliance
Documents Section.

Rulemaking That Was Streamlined and Reduced Unjustified Burdens

1. Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration [5 CFR 6901]--NASA, with
the concurrence of the Office of Government Ethics, amended its
Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration that permits student interns to
seek prior approval to engage in outside employees with a NASA
Contractor, subcontractor, grantee, or party to a NASA agreement in
connect with work performed by that entity or under that agreement. The
amendments clarified the types of outside employment activities that
require approval, streamlined the process for approval, eliminated
obsolete position titles, and extended the permissible time period of
approval. The revision to NASA's supplemental outside activity
regulation liberalizes a general restriction prohibiting NASA employees
from outside jobs performing work under NASA's contracts, grants and
other agreements to allow student interns to do so if the work complies
with Federal ethics laws and U.S. Office of Government Ethics
regulations. This modification helps insure that students in STEM
(science, technology, engineering, and math) disciplines have full
access to NASA development opportunities to maintain U.S. leadership in
these fields. The revision also narrows the scope of employee-owned
businesses that NASA personnel must obtain prior agency approval to
undertake to those that will perform or seek to perform Federal
government-related work. This change enhances workforce development by
reducing burdens associated with pursuing outside activities that may
help NASA employees develop new skills. Finally, the revision
decentralizes and streamlines the approval process [79 FR 49225].

Rulemakings That Were Modified, Streamlined, Expanded, or Repealed

2. Removal of Obsolete Regulations: Space Flight Mission Critical
Systems Personnel Reliability Program [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended is
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes by removing a regulation
that was obsolete and no longer used [79 FR 7391].
 3. Removal of Redundant Regulatory Text [14 CFR parts 1204, 1230,
and 1232]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes
by removing redundant regulatory language that is already captured in
statutes that govern NASA activities related to delegation of authority
of certain civil rights functions, protection of human subjects, and
care and use of animals in the conduct of NASA activities [78 FR
76057].
 4. Removal of Obsolete Regulation: Use of Centennial of Flight
Commission Name [14 CFR 1204.506]--NASA amended its regulations to make
nonsubstantive changes to remove a regulation that is obsolete and no
longer used [77 FR 60619].

Rulemaking That Promotes Open Government and Uses Disclosure as a
Regulatory Tool

5. Procedures for Disclosure of Records Freedom of Information Act
Regulations [14 CFR 1206]--NASA revised its Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) regulations to clarify and update procedures for requesting
information from the Agency, as well as procedures that the Agency
follows in responding to requests from the public. These revisions also
incorporate clarifications and update results from changes to the FOIA
and case law, as well as include current cost figures to be used in
calculating and charging fees and increase the amount of information
that members of the public may receive from the Agency without being
charged processing fees. This rule is a `how to' guide for submitting
requests for Agency records, if these records are not currently on a
public-facing Web site. The rule, which comports with the law, is an
information access tool for disclosure of Agency records. Providing
access details to the public through the FOIA rule is an effective
means to promote open government and ensure the public has the
knowledge of how to submit a request for Agency documents and what to
expect once that request is received by the Agency [79 FR 46676].

Rulemakings That Are of Particular Concerns to Small Business

6. Small Business Policy [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to update offices names and
titles, described the role of the Small Business Technical Advisor, add
more small business categories to include small disadvantaged business
HUBZone small business, women-owned small business concerns, veteran-
owned small business, and service-and disabled veteran-owned small
business in accordance with and required by the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631). NASA certifies that this rule is not subject to the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601), because it would not have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small businesses
[78 FR 77352].
 7. Nonprocurement Rule, Suspension, and Debarment [2 CFR 1880]--
NASA has adopted as final, with no change, a proposed rule to extend
coverage of non-procurement suspension and debarment to all tiers of
procurement and non-procurement actions under all grants and
cooperative agreements. NASA certifies that this rule does not have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
within the meaning of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601 et
seq. Small entities are already required to check the Excluded Parties
List System (EPLS) prior to making first-tier, procurement subawards
under a grant or cooperative agreement. They will now be required to
ensure that none of their potential subrecipients are on the EPLS. The
EPLS is an easy-to-access and easy to-use on-line resources [78 FR
13211].

Rulemaking That Has Significant International Impacts

8. Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System [14 CFR 1215]--NASA
amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to the policy
governing the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) services
provided to non-U.S. Government users and the reimbursement for
rendering such services. TDRSS, also known as the Space Network,
provides command, tracking, data, voice, and video services to the
International Space Station, NASA's space and Earth science missions,
and other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense and the
National Science Foundation. For a fee, commercial users can also have
access to TDRSS for tracking and data acquisition purposes. Over the
last 25 years, TDRSS has delivered pictures, television, scientific,
and voice data to the scientific community and the general public,
including data from more than 100 Space Shuttle and International Space
Station missions and the Hubble Space Telescope. A principal advantage
of TDRSS is providing communications services, which previously have
been provided by multiple worldwide ground stations, with much higher
data rates and lower latency to the user missions. The rule is designed
for NASA to sell unused TDRSS time to non-U.S. Government customers.
The main class of current users of this rule is expendable launch
vehicle providers. The United Launch Alliance (Atlas and Delta
rockets), SpaceX (Falcon rocket), and Sea Launch

[[Page 76647]]

(rocket) all use TDRSS to support their launch operations. The TDRSS
allows them to receive data from their launch vehicles through most of
the critical aspects of flight (mark events such as pre-launch testing,
ignition, stage separations, engine start and stop, etc.). This service
could be useful to international customers such as Arianespace (for
their Vega or Ariane 5 launches out of French Guiana) or JAXA (for
their H-IIA rocket), which has used TDRSS in the past. They would have
to have TDRSS compatible transmitters on their vehicles in order to use
the service. Low earth orbit (LEO) international customers not
associated with NASA by international agreement would find it difficult
to book unused TDRSS time, due to limited capacity on the system. ELVs
are one-time, short duration events and much more likely to fit into
the TDRSS schedule than a multiyear mission requiring many contacts per
day [77 FR 6949].

Other Rulemakings

9. NASA Protective Services Enforcement [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended
is regulations by adding a subpart to establish traffic enforcement
authority and procedures at all NASA Centers and component facilities
[79 FR 54902].
 10. Aeronautics and Space--Statement of Organization and General
Information [14 CFR 1201]--NASA amended its regulations to make
nonsubstantive changes to provide current information of NASA's
organization and to redesignate the Dryden Flight Research Center as
the Armstrong Flight Research Center per H.R. 667 signed by the
President on January 3, 2014 [79 FR 18443].
 11. Delegation and Designations [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to correct citations and
title throughout [79 FR 11318].
 12. Inventions and Contributions [14 CFR 1240] NASA amended its
regulations to clarify and update the procedures for board recommended
awards and the procedures and requirements for recommended special
initial awards, including patent application awards, software release
awards, and Tech Brief awards, and to update citations and the
information on the systems used for reporting inventions and issuing
award payments [77 FR 27365].
 13. Information Security Protection [14 CFR 1203]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to align with and implement
the provisions of Executive Order (E.O.) 13526, Classified National
Security Information, and appropriately to correspond with NASA's
internal requirements, NPR 1600.2, Classified National Security
Information, that establishes the Agency's requirements for the proper
implementation and management of a uniform system for classifying,
accounting, safeguarding, and declassifying national security
information generated by or in the possession of NASA [78 FR 5116].
 14. Claims for Patent and Copyright Infringement [14 CFR 1245]--
NASA finalized its regulations relating to requirements for the filing
of claims against NASA where a potential claimant believes NASA is
infringing privately owned rights in patented inventions or copyrighted
works. The requirements for filing an administrative claim are
important since the filing of a claim carries with it certain rights
relating to the applicable statute of limitations for filing suit
against the Government. The regulations set forth guidelines as to what
NASA considers necessary to file a claim for patent or copyright
infringement, and they also provide for written notification to the
claimant upon completion of an investigation by NASA [77 FR 14686].
 15. Procedures for Implementing the National Environmental Policy
Act [14 CFR 1216]--NASA amended its regulations governing compliance
with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) and the
Council on Environmental Quality's (CEQ) Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR) (40 CFR parts 1500-1508). This rule replaces procedures contained
in NASA's current regulations. The revised regulations are intended to
improve NASA's efficiency in implementing NEPA requirements by reducing
costs and preparation time while maintaining quality. In addition,
NASA's experience in applying the NASA NEPA regulations since they were
issued in 1988 suggested the need for NASA to make changes in its NEPA
regulations. [77 FR 3102]
 16. Boards and Committees [14 CFR 1209]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to correct and remove
citations referenced in NASA's Contract Adjustment Board rule [78 FR
20422].
 17. Research Misconduct [14 CFR 1275]--NASA amended its regulations
to make nonsubstantive changes to the policy governing the handling of
allegations of research misconduct and updates to reflect
organizational changes that have occurred in the Agency [77 FR 44439].
 18. Updating of Existing Privacy Act--NASA Regulations [14 CFR
1212]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to
its rules governing implementation of the Privacy Act by updating
statute citations, position titles, terminology, and adjusting
appellate responsibility for records for records held by the NASA
Office of the Inspective General [77 FR 60620].
 19. NASA Security and Protective Service Enforcement [14 CFR 1203a,
1203b, 1204]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive
changes to its regulations to clarify the procedures for establishing
controlled/secure areas and to revise the definitions for these areas
and the process for granting access to these areas, as well as denying
or revoking access to such areas. Arrest powers and authority of NASA
security force personnel are also updated and clarified to include the
carrying of weapons and the use of such weapons should a circumstance
require it [78 FR 5122].
 Abstracts for other regulations that will be amended or repealed
between October 2014 and October 2015 are reported in the fall 2014
edition of Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulation
actions.
BILLING CODE 7510-13-P

NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION (NARA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Overview

The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) primarily
issues regulations directed to other Federal agencies and to the
public. These regulations include records management, information
services, access to and use of NARA holdings, and grant programs. For
example, records management regulations directed to Federal agencies
concern the proper management and disposition of Federal records.
Through the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO), NARA also
issues Government-wide regulations concerning information security
classification and declassification programs. NARA regulations directed
to the public address access to and use of our historically valuable
holdings, including archives, donated historical materials, Nixon
Presidential materials, and Presidential records. NARA also issues
regulations relating to the National Historical Publications and
Records Commission (NHPRC) grant programs.
 NARA has two regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015, which are
included in The Regulatory Plan. The first are NARA's continuing
revisions to the

[[Page 76648]]

Federal records management regulations found at 36 CFR chapter XII,
subchapter B. The proposed changes include changes resulting from the
2011 Presidential Memorandum on Managing Government Records and the
2012 Managing Government Records Directive (M-12-18). The proposed
rules will affect Federal agencies' records management programs
relating to proper records creation and maintenance, adequate
documentation, electronic recordkeeping requirements, use of the
Electronic Records Archive (ERA) for records transfer, and records
disposition. The proposed revisions have begun with changes to
provisions at 36 CFR parts 1222, 1223, 1224, 1227, 1229, 1232, 1233,
1235, 1237, and 1239. These provisions were substantially revamped and
began undergoing public comment beginning in September 2014. Additional
proposed revisions to the subchapter will be published for public
comment later this fiscal year as well.
 The second priority is a new regulation on Controlled Unclassified
Information (CUI). The Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO), a
component of NARA, is proposing this rule pursuant to Executive Order
13556. The Order establishes an open and uniform program for managing
information requiring safeguarding or dissemination controls. This rule
sets forth guidance to agencies on safeguarding, disseminating,
marking, and decontrolling CUI, self-inspection and oversight
requirements, and other facets of the program.
BILLING CODE 7515-01-P

2014 OPM

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Personnel Management in Agencies

The Chief Human Capital Act of 2002 requires OPM to develop
systems, standards, and metrics for strategic human capital management
in agencies. This rule promulgates these systems, standards, and
metrics.

Human Resources Management Reporting Requirements

This rule was a Presidential initiative as part of paperwork
reduction and eliminating burdensome and unnecessary reporting. It
enables agencies to focus on strategic human capital management rather
than administrative reporting. We have been building new leadership and
accountability mechanisms around its requirements. This rule also
supports Strategic Goal 3 as OPM is building internal data and
reporting capabilities to replace these burdensome reporting
requirements on agencies.

Performance Appraisal System Certification for Pay Purposes

This rule establishes certification criteria and procedures for
agencies to follow to have their Senior Executive and Senior
Professional's appraisal system certified by OPM. An agency appraisal
system is certified only when a review of that system's design (i.e.,
system documentation), implementation (i.e., performance plans), and
application (i.e., results) reveals that the agency meets the
certification criteria. The appraisal process must make meaningful
distinctions based on relative performance. The law requires OPM and
OMB to jointly regulate the criteria and process used for appraisal
system certification.

Managing Senior Executive Performance

This rule fosters an effective enterprise approach to the
performance management of Senior Executive Service (SES) members. In
January 2012, OPM and OMB released a basic SES appraisal system to
provide a more consistent and uniform framework to communicate
expectations and evaluate the performance of SES members. The system
focuses on the role and responsibility of SES members to achieve
results through effective executive leadership. This rule includes the
requirements of this system.

Federal Employees Health Benefits Program

OPM will make several amendments to the Federal Employees Health
Benefits (FEHB) regulations to adhere to the provisions of the
Affordable Care Act of 2010. These amendments include enrollments for
eligible employees of Tribes and Tribal organizations, changes to
resolutions of disputed health claims and external reviews, rate
settings for community-rated plans, enrollment options following the
termination of a plan or plan option, and the expansion of eligibility
to certain employees on temporary appointments and certain employees on
seasonal and intermittent schedules.
BILLING CODE 6325-44-P

PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION (PBGC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) protects the
pensions of more than 40 million people in more than 25,000 private-
sector defined benefit plans. PBGC receives no tax revenues. Operations
are financed by insurance premiums, investment income, assets from
pension plans trusteed by PBGC, and recoveries from the companies
formerly responsible for the trusteed plans.
 To carry out these functions, PBGC issues regulations on such
matters as termination, payment of premiums, reporting and disclosure,
and assessment and collection of employer liability. The Corporation is
committed to issuing simple, understandable, flexible, and timely
regulations to help affected parties.
 PBGC continues to follow a regulatory approach that does not
inadvertently discourage the maintenance of existing defined benefit
plans or the establishment of new plans. Thus, in developing new
regulations and reviewing existing regulations, the focus, to the
extent possible, is to avoid placing burdens on plans, employers, and
participants, and to ease and simplify employer compliance. PBGC
particularly strives to meet the needs of small businesses that sponsor
defined benefit plans.
 PBGC develops its regulations in accordance with the principles set
forth in Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), and PBGC's Plan for Regulatory Review
(Regulatory Review Plan).\1\ This Statement of Regulatory and
Deregulatory Priorities reflects PBGC's ongoing implementation of its
Regulatory Review Plan.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/plan-for-regulatory-review.pdf
. Progress reports on the plan can be found at
http://www.pbgc.gov/res/laws-and-regulations/reducing-regulatory-burden.html.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

PBGC Insurance Programs

PBGC administers two insurance programs for privately defined
benefit plans under title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (ERISA):
 Single-Employer Program. Under the single-employer
program, when a plan terminates with insufficient assets to cover all
plan benefits (distress and involuntary terminations), PBGC pays plan
benefits that are guaranteed under title IV. PBGC also pays
nonguaranteed plan benefits to the extent funded by plan assets or
recoveries from employers.
 Multiemployer Program. The smaller multiemployer program
covers more than 1,450 collectively bargained plans involving more than
one unrelated employer. PBGC provides financial assistance (in the form
of a loan) to the plan if the plan is unable

[[Page 76649]]

to pay benefits at the guaranteed level. Guaranteed benefits are less
than single-employer guaranteed benefits.
 At the end of fiscal year 2013, PBGC had a deficit of about $36
billion in its insurance programs. Current PBGC premiums are
insufficient.

Regulatory Objectives and Priorities

PBGC's regulatory objectives and priorities are developed in the
context of the Corporation's statutory purposes:
 To encourage voluntary private pension plans.
 To provide for the timely and uninterrupted payment of
pension benefits.
 To keep premiums at the lowest possible levels.
 Pensions and the statutory framework in which they are maintained
and terminate are complex. Despite this complexity, PBGC is committed
to issuing simple, understandable, flexible, and timely regulations and
other guidance that do not impose undue burdens that could impede
maintenance or establishment of defined benefit plans.
 Through its regulations and other guidance, PBGC strives to
minimize burdens on plans, plan sponsors, and plan participants;
simplify filing; provide relief for small businesses and plans; and
assist plans in complying with applicable requirements. To enhance
policy-making through collaboration, PBGC also plans to expand
opportunities for public participation in rulemaking (see Open
Government and Public Participation below).
 PBGC's current regulatory objectives and priorities are to simplify
its regulations and reduce burden, particularly in the areas of
premiums and reporting, enhance retirement security, and complete
implementation of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA 2006).

Rethinking Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. The regulatory actions
associated with these RINs, as well as other regulatory review
projects, are described below.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Effect on small
 Title RIN business
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reportable Events.................. 1212-AB06 Expected to reduce
 burden on small
 business.
Premium Rates; Payment of Premiums; 1212-AB26 Reduces the burden on
 Reducing Regulatory Burden. small business.
Multiemployer Plans; Valuation and 1212-AB25 Little effect on small
 Notice Requirements. business.
Allocation of Assets in Single- 1212-AA55 Undetermined.
 Employer Plans; Valuation of
 Benefits and Assets.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reportable events. PPA 2006 affected certain provisions in PBGC's
reportable events regulation, which requires employers to notify PBGC
of certain plan or corporate events. In November 2009, PBGC published a
proposed rule to conform the regulation to the PPA 2006 changes and
make other changes.\2\ In response to Executive Order 13563 and
comments on the proposed rule, in April 2013, PBGC published a new
proposal that would exempt more than 90 percent of plans and sponsors
from many reporting requirements. The new proposal takes advantage of
other existing reporting requirements and methods to avoid burdening
companies and plans and expands waivers and redefines events to reduce
reporting. The new proposal implements stakeholder suggestions that
different reporting requirements should apply in circumstances where
the risk to PBGC is low or compliance is especially burdensome. PBGC is
developing the final rule, taking into account the public comments.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ 74 FR 61248 (Nov. 23, 2009), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/E9-28056.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Premiums. In January and March 2014 PBGC published final rules to
make its premium rules more effective and less burdensome. \3\ PBGC
developed the rules in response to regulatory review and public
comments. The changes simplify due dates, coordinate the due date for
terminating plans with the termination process, make conforming and
clarifying changes to the variable-rate premium rules, and provide for
relief from penalties. Large plans no longer have to pay flat-rate
premiums early; small plans get more time to value benefits. The
changes were favorably received by the pension community.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ 79 FR 347 (Jan. 3, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2013-31109.pdf; 79
FR 13547 (Mar. 11, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-05212.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Multiemployer plans. In May 2014, PBGC published a final rule
amending PBGC's multiemployer regulations.\4\ The changes were
developed as a result of PBGC's regulatory review. The amendments
reduce the number of actuarial valuations required for certain small
terminated but not insolvent plans, shorten the advance notice filing
requirements for mergers in situations that do not involve a compliance
determination, and remove certain insolvency notice and update
requirements.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ 79 FR 30459 (May 28, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-12154.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of
Benefits and Assets. In FY 2014, PBGC began an internal process to
establish routine, periodic review of PBGC regulations and policies to
ensure that the actuarial and economic content remains current.
 ERISA section 4062(e). The statutory provision requires reporting
of, and liability for, certain substantial cessations of operations by
employers that maintain single-employer plans. In August 2010, PBGC
issued a proposed rule to provide guidance on the applicability and
enforcement of section 4062(e).\5\ In light of comments on the proposal
and PBGC's enforcement practices, in November 2012, PBGC announced a
4062(e) enforcement pilot program under which it did not enforce in the
case of small plans or financially strong sponsors (90 percent of plans
are small or have financially strong sponsors). In July 2014, PBGC
announced a moratorium, until the end of 2014, on the enforcement of
4062(e) cases.\6\ The moratorium will enable PBGC to further target at-
risk plans and work with the business community, labor, and other
stakeholders to minimize effects on necessary business activities. At
this time, PBGC is withdrawing RIN 1212-AB20 from its regulatory
agenda.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\ 75 FR 48283 (Aug. 10, 2010), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/2010-19627.pdf .
 \6\ http://www.pbgc.gov/news/press/releases/pr14-09.html .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ERISA section 4010. PBGC is reviewing its regulation on Annual
Financial and Actuarial Information Reporting (part 4010) and the
related e-filing application to consider ways of reducing reporting
burden and ensuring that PBGC receives the critical information it
needs.

[[Page 76650]]

Retirement Security
 DC to DB plan rollovers.
 In April 2014, PBGC published a proposed rule that would clarify
the treatment of benefits resulting from a rollover distribution from a
defined contribution plan to a defined benefit plan, if the defined
benefit plan was terminated and trusteed by PBGC.\7\ Under the
proposal, a benefit resulting from rollover amounts generally would not
be subject to PBGC's maximum guaranteeable benefit or phase-in
limitations and would be in the second highest priority category of
benefits in the allocation of assets. The proposed rule was well-
received by the public, and PBGC expects to publish a final rule early
in FY 2015. This rulemaking is part of PBGC's efforts to enhance
retirement security by promoting lifetime income options.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\7\ 79 FR 18483 (Apr. 2, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-07323.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

PPA 2006 Implementation
 Cash balance plans. PPA 2006 changed the rules for determining
benefits in cash balance plans and other statutory hybrid plans. In
October 2011, PBGC published a proposed rule implementing the changes
in both PBGC-trusteed plans and in plans that close out in the private
sector.\8\ The final rule is on hold until Treasury issues final
regulations.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ 76 FR 67105 (Oct. 31, 2011), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/2011-28124.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Missing participants. A major focus of PBGC's current regulatory
efforts is the development of a proposal to improve and expand our
missing participants program. The expanded program will cover
terminating defined contribution plans, non-covered defined benefit
plans, and multiemployer plans. The proposal will take into account
comments received from employers, plans, and other stakeholders in
response to a 2013 Request for Information. PBGC is working with IRS
and DOL to coordinate government requirements for dealing with missing
participant issues. PBGC expects to publish a proposed regulation early
in FY 2015.
 Shutdown benefits. Under PPA 2006, the phase-in period for the
guarantee of a benefit payable solely by reason of an ``unpredictable
contingent event,'' such as a plant shutdown, starts no earlier than
the date of the shutdown or other unpredictable contingent event. PBGC
published a final rule implementing this statutory change in May
2014.\9\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ 79 FR 25667 (May 6, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-10357.pdf
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Small Businesses

PBGC takes into account the special needs and concerns of small
businesses in making policy. A large percentage of the plans insured by
PBGC are small or maintained by small employers. PBGC has issued or is
considering several proposed rules that will focus on small businesses:
 Small plan premium due date. The March 2014 final rule discussed
above under Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations addresses
concerns that some small plans determine funding levels too late in the
year to be able to use current-year figures for the variable-rate
premium by the new uniform due date. Under the final rule, small plans
generally use prior-year figures for the variable-rate premium (with a
provision for opting to use current-year figures).
 Reportable events. The reportable events proposed rule discussed
above under Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations would waive
many reporting requirements for plans with fewer than 100 participants.
 Missing participants. The missing participants proposed rule
discussed above under PPA 2006 Implementation would benefit small
businesses by simplifying and streamlining current requirements, better
coordinating with requirements of other agencies, and providing more
options for sponsors of terminating non-covered plans.

Open Government and Increased Public Participation

PBGC is doing more to encourage public participation in the
regulatory process. For example, PBGC's current efforts to reduce
regulatory burden are in substantial part a response to public
comments. Regulatory projects discussed above, such as reportable
events, ERISA section 4062(e), and ERISA section 4010, highlight PBGC's
customer-focused efforts to reduce regulatory burden.
 PBGC's Regulatory Review Plan sets forth ways to expand
opportunities for public participation in the regulatory process. For
example, in June 2013, PBGC held its first ever regulatory hearing on
the reportable events proposed rule, so that the agency would have a
better understanding of the needs and concerns of plan administrators
and plan sponsors. PBGC's 2013 Request for Information on missing
participants in individual account plans is another example of PBGC's
efforts to solicit public participation in the regulatory process.
 PBGC plans to provide additional means for public involvement,
including on-line town hall meetings, social media, and continuing
opportunity for public comment on PBGC's Web site.
 PBGC also invites comments on the Regulatory Review Plan on an on-
going basis as we engage in the review process. Comments should be sent
to regs.comments@pbgc.gov
 PBGC will continue to look for ways to further improve its
regulations.
BILLING CODE 7709-01-P

U.S. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (SBA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Overview

The mission of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is to
maintain and strengthen the Nation's economy by enabling the
establishment and viability of small businesses and by assisting in
economic recovery of communities after disasters. In carrying out this
mission, SBA strives to improve the economic environment for small
businesses, including those in areas that have significantly higher
unemployment and lower income levels than the Nation's averages and
those in traditionally underserved markets. The Agency serves as a
guarantor of small business loans, and also provides management and
technical assistance to existing or potential small business owners
through various grants, cooperative agreements or contracts. This
access to capital and other assistance provides a crucial foundation
for those starting a new business, or growing an existing business and
ultimately creating new jobs. SBA also provides direct financial
assistance to homeowners, renters, and small business owners to help
communities to rebuild in the aftermath of a disaster.

Reducing Burden on Small Businesses

SBA's regulatory policy reflects a commitment to developing
regulations that reduce or eliminate the burden on the public,
especially the Agency's core constituents--small businesses. SBA's
regulatory process generally includes an assessment of the costs and
benefits of the regulations as required by Executive Order 12866,
``Regulatory Planning and Review''; Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review''; and the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
SBA's program offices are particularly invested in finding ways to
reduce the burden imposed by the Agency's core activities in its loan,
innovation, and procurement programs.

[[Page 76651]]

Openness and Transparency

SBA promotes transparency, collaboration, and public participation
in its rulemaking process. To that end, SBA routinely solicits comments
on its regulations, even those that are not subject to the public
notice and comment requirement under the Administrative Procedure Act.
Where appropriate, SBA also conducts hearings, webinars, and other
public events as part of its regulatory process.

Regulatory Framework

The SBA's FY 2014 to FY 2018 strategic plan serves as the
foundation for the regulations that the Agency will develop during the
next 12 months. The strategic plan proposes three strategic goals: (1)
Growing businesses and creating jobs; (2) serving as the voice for
small business; and (3) building an SBA that meets the needs of today's
and tomorrow's small businesses. In order to achieve these goals SBA
will, among other objectives, focus on:
 Expanding access to capital through SBA's extensive
lending network;
 Ensuring Federal contracting goals are met or exceeded by
collaborating across the Federal Government to expand opportunities for
small businesses and strengthen the integrity of the Federal
contracting data and certification process;
 Strengthening SBA's relevance to high growth entrepreneurs
and small businesses to more effectively drive innovation and job
creation; and
 Mitigating risk and improving program oversight.
 The regulations reported in SBA's semi-annual regulatory agenda and
plan are intended to facilitate achievement of these goals and
objectives. Over the next 12 months, SBA's highest regulatory priority
is to implement the Mentor-Prot[eacute]g[eacute] Programs, which were
authorized by the Small Business Jobs Act, for participants in the
HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) Contracting, and Service-
Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Programs and expanded to
all small business concerns by the National Defense Authorization Act
for FY 2013.
 (1) Small Business Mentor-Prot[eacute]g[eacute] Programs (RIN: 3245-
AG24):
 SBA currently has a mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] program for the
8(a) Business Development Program that is intended to enhance the
capabilities of the prot[eacute]g[eacute] and to improve its ability to
successfully compete for Federal contracts. The Small Business Jobs Act
authorized SBA to use this model to establish similar mentor-
prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs for the Service Disabled Veteran Owned,
HUBZone and Women-Owned Small Business Programs. The National Defense
Authorization Act for FY 2013 further authorized SBA to extend the
availability of mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs to all small
business concerns. During the next 12 months, one of SBA's priorities
will be to issue regulations establishing these newly authorized
mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs. The various types of assistance
that a mentor will be expected to provide to a prot[eacute]g[eacute]
include technical and/or management assistance; financial assistance in
the form of equity investment and/or loans; subcontracts and/or
assistance in performing prime contracts with the Government in the
form of joint venture arrangements.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), SBA developed a
plan for the retrospective review of its regulations. Since that date
SBA has issued several updates to this plan to reflect the Agency's
ongoing efforts in carrying out this executive order. The final agency
plan and review updates can be found at
http://www.sba.gov/about-sba/sba_performance/open_government/retrospective_revie
w_of_regulations.
BILLING CODE 8025-01-P

SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (SSA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

We administer the Retirement, Survivors, and Disability Insurance
programs under title II of the Social Security Act (Act), the
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program under title XVI of the Act,
and the Special Veterans Benefits program under title VIII of the Act.
As directed by Congress, we also assist in administering portions of
the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Act. Our regulations
codify the requirements for eligibility and entitlement to benefits and
our procedures for administering these programs. Generally, our
regulations do not impose burdens on the private sector or on State or
local governments, except for the States' disability determination
services. We fully fund the disability determination services in
advance or by way of reimbursement for necessary costs in making
disability determinations.
 The ten entries in our regulatory plan (plan) represent issues of
major importance to the Agency. We describe the individual initiatives
more fully in the attached plan.

Improving the Disability Process

Since the continued improvement of the disability program is of
vital concern to us, we have initiatives in the plan addressing
disability-related issues. They include:
 One proposed rule and five final rules update the medical listings
used to determine disability--evaluating digestive disorders,
neurological impairments, hematological disorders, growth disorders and
weight loss in children, human immunodeficiency virus infection for
evaluating functional limitation in immune system disorders, and cancer
(malignant neoplastic diseases). The revisions reflect our adjudicative
experience and advances in medical knowledge, diagnosis, and treatment.

Enhance Public Service

Another proposed rule will require our claimants to inform us or to
submit all evidence known to them that relates to their disability
claim.
 We are revising our rules to allow applicants for a Social Security
number card to apply by completing a prescribed application and
submitting the required evidence, rather than completing a paper
application.
 There is one proposed rule that will enhance claims processing. The
rule will strengthen the integrity of our programs by clarifying our
expectations about the obligations representatives have in representing
their clients.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (January 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in our final retrospective
review of regulations plan. Some of the entries on this list may be
completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory Plan. However,
you can find more information about these completed rulemakings in past
publications of the Unified Agenda at: www.Reginfo.gov in the Completed
Actions section for the Social Security Administration. You can also
find these rulemakings at: www.Regulations.gov. The agency final plans
are located at: www.socialsecurity.gov/open/regsreview/EO-13563-Final-Plan.html.

[[Page 76652]]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Expected to significantly reduce
 RIN Title burdens on small businesses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
0960-AF35....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Neurological Impairments.
0960-AF58....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Respiratory System Disorders.
0960-AF69....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Mental Disorders.
0960-AF88....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Hematological Disorders.
0960-AG21....................... New Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Language and Speech Disorders.
0960-AG28....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Growth Impairments.
0960-AG38....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Musculoskeletal Disorders.
0960-AG65....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Digestive Disorders.
0960-AG74....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Cardiovascular Disorders.
0960-AG91....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Skin Disorders.
0960-AH04....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Congenital Disorders That Affect Multiple
 Body Systems.
0960-AH28....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Visual Disorders.
0960-AH43....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Cancer (Malignant Neoplastic Diseases).
0960-AH54....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Hearing Loss and Disturbances of
 Labyrinthine-Vestibular Function.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


SSA

Proposed Rule Stage

149. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Digestive Disorders
(3441P)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 5.00 and 105.00, Digestive Systems, of appendix
1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe those digestive
disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent a person from doing
any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security Income payments
under title XVI. We are proposing to revise the criteria in these
sections to ensure that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date
and consistent with the latest advances in medical knowledge and
treatment.
 Statement of Need: These proposed rules will update, simplify, and
clarify our rules.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We could continue to use our current criteria.
However, we believe these proposed revisions are necessary because of
our program experience, information we received from medical experts we
consulted, and comments we received at the Listings Symposium and in
response to the ANPRM.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Presently under review.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 12/12/07 72 FR 70527
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 02/11/08 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Shawnette Ashburne, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5788.
 Brian J. Rudick, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-7102.
 RIN: 0960-AG65

SSA

150. Revisions to Representative Code of Conduct (3835P)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This regulatory change adds several affirmative duties
and prohibited actions for representatives, including the requirement
to assist claimants with complying with the directive to submit all
evidence. We will also clarify some of our rules regarding processing
representative sanction actions at the hearing and Appeals Council
levels and change the timeframe for suspended representatives to
request reinstatement when the Appeals Council denies an initial
request for reinstatement from 1 to 3 years.
 Statement of Need: We revised the rules of conduct in 2011 and are
further clarifying our expectations about the obligations of
representatives to competently represent their clients. These changes
are necessary because our current regulations do not address some
representative conduct that we find inappropriate. We are also updating
procedures we use when we bring charges against a representative for
violating our rules of conduct. These changes will allow us to better
protect the integrity of our administrative process and further clarify
representatives' responsibilities in their conduct with us and
claimants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Based on our program experience, there are no
alternatives at this time. These rules will be based on
recommendations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The administrative effect of this
regulation is negligible.
 Risks: Undetermined.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76653]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist,
Regulations Writer, Social Security Administration, Office of
Regulations and Reports Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-9039.
 RIN: 0960-AH63

SSA

Final Rule Stage

151. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Neurological Impairments
(806F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 11.00 and 111.00, Neurological Impairments, of
appendix 1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe
neurological impairments that we consider severe enough to prevent a
person from doing any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe
functional limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security
Income payments under title XVI. We will revise these sections to
ensure that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date and
consistent with the latest advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update the
listings for evaluating neurological impairments to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating these
impairments. The changes will ensure that determinations of disability
have a sound medical basis, that claimants receive equal treatment
through the use of specific criteria, and that people who are disabled
can be readily identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of
entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings and
continuing to use our current criteria. However, we believe that these
revisions are preferable because of the medical advances that have been
made in treating and evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated Savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/13/05 70 FR 19356
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 06/13/05 .......................
NPRM................................ 02/25/14 79 FR 10636
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 05/01/14 79 FR 24634
NPRM Comment Period Reopened End.... 06/02/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Shawnette Ashburne, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5788.
 William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 966-9039.
 RIN: 0960-AF35

SSA

152. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Hematological Disorders
(974F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)5)); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 7.00 and 107.00, Hematological Disorders, of
appendix 1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations, describe
hematological disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent a
person from performing any gainful activity or that cause marked and
severe functional limitation for a child claiming Supplemental Security
Income payments under title XVI. We are proposing to revise the
criteria in these sections to ensure that the medical evaluation
criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest advances in
medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update the
hematological listings to reflect advances in medical knowledge,
treatment, and methods of evaluating hematological disorders. The
changes ensure that determinations of disability have a sound medical
basis, that claimants receive equal treatment through the use of
specific criteria, and that people who are disabled can be readily
identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of entitlement or
eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings or making
only minor technical changes and continuing to use our current
criteria. However, we believe that these revisions are preferable
because of the medical advances that have been made in treating and
evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/19/13 78 FR 69324
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/21/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security

[[Page 76654]]

Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Mark Kuhn, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-6109.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AF88

SSA

153. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Growth Disorders and
Weight Loss in Children (3163F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Section 100.00, Growth Impairments, of appendix 1 to
subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describes growth impairments
that we consider severe enough to prevent a person from doing any
gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security Income payments
under title XVI. We will revise the criteria in this section to ensure
that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with
the latest advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update
several body systems that contain listings for children based on
impairment of linear growth or weight loss to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating impairments.
The changes ensure that determinations of disability have a sound
medical basis, that claimants receive equal treatment through the use
of specific criteria, and that people who are disabled can be readily
identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of eligibility are
met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings or making
only minor technical changes and continuing to use our current
criteria. However, we believe that these revisions are preferable
because of the medical advances that have been made in treating and
evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 09/08/05 70 FR 53323
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/07/05 .......................
NPRM................................ 05/22/13 78 FR 30249
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/22/13 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Tiya Marshall, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-9291.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG28

SSA

154. Use of Date of Written Statement as Filing Date (3431F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402(i); 42 U.S.C. 402(j); 42 U.S.C.
402(o); 42 U.S.C. 402(p); 42 U.S.C. 402(r); 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C.
416(i)(2); 42 U.S.C. 423(b); 42 U.S.C. 428(a); 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5).
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.630.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We are revising our rules for protective filing after we
receive a written statement of intent to claim Social Security benefits
under title II of the Social Security Act (Act). Specifically, we are
revising from 6 months to 60 days the time period during which a
claimant must file an application for benefits after the date of a
notice we send explaining the need to file an application. We are
revising our rules to make this time period used in the title II
program consistent with the time period used in our other programs.
 Statement of Need: We believe that eliminating the difference
between the time periods in our programs will make it easier for the
public to understand and follow our rules.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/17/08 73 FR 76573
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/17/09 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist,
Regulations Writer, Social Security Administration, Office of
Regulations and Reports Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG58

SSA

155. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Immune (HIV) System
Disorders (3466F)

Priority: Other Significant
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C.
421(a); 42 U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C.
1381a; 42 U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 14.00 and 114.00, Immune System, of appendix 1
to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe immune system
disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent an individual from
doing any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child

[[Page 76655]]

claiming Supplemental Security Income payments under title XVI. We will
revise the criteria in these sections to ensure that the medical
evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest
advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary in order to
update the HIV evaluation listings to reflect advances in medical
knowledge, treatment, and evaluation methods. The changes that
determinations of disability have a sound medical basis, that claimants
receive equal treatment through the use of specific criteria, and that
individuals who are disabled can be readily identified and awarded
benefits if all other factors of entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Undetermined at this time.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost/savings estimate-negligible.
 Risks: Undetermined at this time.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/18/08 73 FR 14409
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/19/08 .......................
NPRM................................ 02/26/14 79 FR 10730
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
NPRM Correction and NPRM Comment 03/25/14 79 FR 16250
 Period Extended.
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/27/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Paul J. Scott, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-1192.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG71

SSA

156. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Cancer (Malignant
Neoplastic Diseases) (3757F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42
U.S.C. 421(a); 42 U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42
U.S.C. 1381a; 42 U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 13.00 and 113.00, Malignant Neoplastic Diseases,
of appendix 1 to subpart P of our regulations describe malignant
neoplastic diseases that we consider severe enough to prevent an
individual from doing any gainful activity or that cause marked and
severe functional limitations for a child claiming SSI payments under
title XVI. We will revise these sections to ensure that the medical
evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest
advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final regulations are necessary to update
the Malignant Neoplastic Diseases listings to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating malignant
neoplastic diseases. The changes will ensure that determinations of
disability have a sound medical basis, that claimants receive equal
treatment through the use of specific criteria, and that people who are
disabled can be readily identified and awarded benefits if all other
factors of entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings and
continuing to use our current criteria. However, we believe that these
revisions are preferable because of the medical advances that have been
made in treating and evaluating these malignant neoplastic diseases and
because of our adjudicative experience.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated costs--low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/17/13 78 FR 76508
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/18/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Mark Kuhn, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-6109.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AH43

SSA

157. Submission of Evidence in Disability Claims (3802F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(d); 42 U.S.C.
423(d)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1383c(a)(3)(H); 42 U.S.C. 1383(d)(1)
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.900; 20 CFR 404.935; 20 CFR 404.1512; 20
CFR 404.1740; 20 CFR 405.1; 20 CFR 405.331; 20 CFR 416.912; 20 CFR
416.1400; 20 CFR 416.1435; 20 CFR 416.1540.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We will require claimants to inform us about or submit
all evidence known to them that relates to their disability claim,
subject generally to two exceptions for privileged communications and
work product. This requirement would include the duty to submit all
evidence obtained from any source in its entirety, unless subject to an
exception. We will also require a representative to help the claimant
obtain the information or evidence that the claimant must submit under
our regulations.
 Statement of Need: These final rules will protect the integrity of
the programs by clarifying a claimant's duty to submit all relevant
evidence and enabling us to have a more complete case record on

[[Page 76656]]

which to make more accurate disability determinations or decisions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Based on our program experience, there are no
alternatives at this time. These final rules are based on
recommendations by the Administrative Conference of the United States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Undetermined.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/20/14 79 FR 9663
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Janet Truhe, Social Insurance Specialist, Social
Security Administration, Office of Disability Programs, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-7203.
 William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 966-9039, RIN: 0960-AH53.

SSA

158. Social Security Number Card Applications (3855I)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 422.103; 20 CFR 422.107; 20 CFR 422.110.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We are revising our regulations to allow applicants for a
Social Security number (SSN) card to apply by completing a prescribed
application and submitting the required evidence without completing a
paper for SS-5. We are also removing the word ``documentary'' from our
description of certain evidence requirements. These administrative
changes will simplify the SSN card application and provide flexibility
to allow for the use of electronic processes which would result in
greater access and ease of use for card applicants. In addition, we are
replacing ``Immigration and Naturalization Service'' with ``Department
of Homeland Security'' to reflect that agency's name change. These
changes are administrative in nature and do not substantively affect
eligibility or evidentiary requirements.
 Statement of Need: These administrative changes will simplify the
SSN card application and provide flexibility to allow for the use of
electronic processes, which would result in greater access and ease of
use for card applicants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: To be determined.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Arthur LaVeck, Social Insurance Specialist, Social
Security Administration, Office of Retirement and Disability Policy,
Office of Income Security Programs, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5665.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AH68
BILLING CODE 4191-02-P

FALL 2014 STATEMENT OF REGULATORY PRIORITIES

CFPB Purposes and Functions

The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB) was established
as an independent bureau of the Federal Reserve System by the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-
203, 124 Stat. 1376) (Dodd-Frank Act). Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act,
the CFPB has rulemaking, supervisory, enforcement, and other
authorities relating to consumer financial products and services. Among
these are the consumer financial protection authorities that
transferred to the CFPB from seven Federal agencies on the designated
transfer date, July 21, 2011. These authorities include the ability to
issue regulations under more than a dozen Federal consumer financial
laws.
 As provided in section 1021 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the purpose of
the CFPB is to implement and enforce Federal consumer financial laws
consistently for the purpose of ensuring that all consumers have access
to markets for consumer financial products and services and that such
markets are fair, transparent, and competitive. The CFPB is authorized
to exercise its authorities for the purpose of ensuring that:
 (1) Consumers are provided with timely and understandable
information to make responsible decisions about transactions involving
consumer financial products and services;
 (2) Consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts
and practices and from discrimination;
 (3) Outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome regulations
concerning consumer financial products and services are regularly
identified and addressed in order to reduce unwarranted regulatory
burdens;
 (4) Federal consumer financial law is enforced consistently,
without regard to status as a depository institution, in order to
promote fair competition; and
 (5) Markets for consumer financial products and services operate
transparently and efficiently to facilitate access and innovation.

CFPB Regulatory Priorities

The CFPB's regulatory priorities for the period from November 1,
2014, to October 31, 2015, include continuing work to implement Dodd-
Frank Act mortgage protections, a series of rulemakings to address
critical issues in other markets for consumer financial products and
services, and following up on earlier efforts to streamline and
modernize regulations that the Bureau has inherited from other federal
agencies.

Implementing Dodd-Frank Act Mortgage Protections

As reflected in the CFPB's semiannual regulatory agenda, a
principal focus of the CFPB is the Bureau's continuing efforts to
implement critical consumer protections under the Dodd-Frank Act to
guard against mortgage market practices that contributed to the
nation's most significant financial crisis in several decades.
 A major rulemaking priority for the Bureau continues to be the
implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act amendments to the Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act (HMDA) and other

[[Page 76657]]

revisions to the HMDA regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act amendments
augment existing data reporting requirements regarding housing-related
loans and applications for such loans. In addition to obtaining data
that is critical to the purposes of HMDA--which include providing the
public and public officials with information that can be used to help
determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing needs
of their communities, assisting public officials in the distribution of
public sector investments, and assisting in identifying possible
discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing antidiscrimination
statutes--the Bureau views this rulemaking as an opportunity to
streamline and modernize HMDA data collection and reporting, in
furtherance of its mission under the Dodd-Frank Act to reduce
unwarranted regulatory burden. The Bureau published a proposed HMDA
rule in the Federal Register on August 29, 2014 to add several new
reporting requirements and to clarify several existing requirements.
Publication of the proposal followed initial outreach efforts and the
convening of a panel under the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement
Fairness Act in conjunction with the Office of Management and Budget
and the Small Business Administration's Chief Counsel for Advocacy, to
consult with small lenders who may be affected by the rulemaking. As
the Bureau develops a final rule, it expects to review and consider
public comments on the proposed rule, consult with other agencies and
coordinate with them on implementation efforts, conduct additional
outreach to build and refine operational capacity, and prepare to
assist financial institutions in their compliance efforts.
 A major effort of the Bureau is the implementation of its final
rule combining several federal mortgage disclosures that consumers
receive in connection with applying for and closing on a mortgage loan
under the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act (RESPA). This project is mandated under the Dodd-Frank
Act both to increase consumer understanding of mortgage transactions
and to facilitate compliance by industry. The integrated forms are the
cornerstone of the Bureau's broader ``Know Before You Owe'' initiative.
These new ``Know Before You Owe'' mortgage forms and their implementing
regulations will replace several pages of existing federal disclosures
with two simpler, streamlined forms that will help consumers understand
their options, choose the deal that is best for them, and avoid costly
surprises at the closing table. The Bureau conducted extensive
qualitative testing of the new forms prior to issuing a proposal, and
also conducted a post-proposal quantitative study to validate the
results of the new forms. The results of the quantitative testing
showed that consumers of all different experience levels, with
different loan types--whether focused on buying a home or refinancing--
were able to understand the Bureau's new forms better than the current
forms.
 The rule was issued in November 2013 and takes effect in August
2015. The Bureau is working intensively to support implementation
efforts and prepare consumer education materials and initiatives to
help consumers understand and use the new forms. To facilitate
implementation, the Bureau has released two compliance guides, sample
forms, and additional materials. The Bureau also has been conducting
extensive industry outreach to identify interpretive questions or
implementation challenges with the rule, and hosting ongoing webinars
to address common questions. In addition, in late 2014, the Bureau
plans to issue a small proposed rule to make technical corrections,
allow for certain language related to new construction loans to be
added to the Loan Estimate form, and modify the same-day redisclosure
requirement for floating interest rates that are locked after the Loan
Estimate is first provided.
 In addition, the Bureau is working to support the full
implementation of, and facilitate compliance with, various mortgage-
related final rules issued by the Bureau in January 2013 to strengthen
consumer protections involving the origination and servicing of
mortgages. These rules, implementing requirements under the Dodd-Frank
Act, were all effective by January 2014. The Bureau is working
diligently to monitor the market and plans to make clarifications and
adjustments to the rules where warranted. The Bureau is planning to
issue rules in fall 2014 to provide certain adjustments to its rules
for certain nonprofit entities and to provide a cure mechanism for
lenders seeking to make ``qualified mortgages'' under rules requiring
assessment of consumers' ability to repay their mortgage loans where
the mortgages exceed certain limitations on points and fees. The Bureau
also anticipates issuing a proposal in fall 2014 to amend various
provisions of its mortgage servicing rules, in both Regulation X and
Regulation Z, including further clarification of the applicability of
certain provisions when the borrower is in bankruptcy, possible
additional enhancements to loss mitigation requirements, and other
topics. In addition, in order to promote access to credit, the Bureau
is currently engaged in further research to assess the impact of
certain provisions implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act that modify
general requirements for small creditors that operate predominantly in
``rural or underserved'' areas, and expects to release a notice of
proposed rulemaking in early 2015.
 Further, the Bureau continues to participate in a series of
interagency rulemakings to implement various Dodd-Frank Act amendments
to TILA and the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement
Act (FIRREA) relating to mortgage appraisals. These include
implementing certain other Dodd-Frank Act amendments to FIRREA
concerning regulation of appraisal management companies and automated
valuation models.

Bureau Regulatory Efforts in Other Consumer Financial Markets

In addition to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act mortgage
related amendments, the Bureau is also working on a number of
rulemakings to address important consumer protection issues in other
markets for consumer financial products and services. Much of this
effort will be based on previous work of the Bureau such as Requests
for Information, Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs), and
previously issued Bureau studies and reports.
 First, the Bureau anticipates in fall 2014 issuing a proposed rule
to create a comprehensive set of protections for General Purpose
Reloadable (GPR) cards and other prepaid products, such as payroll
cards and student loan disbursement cards, which are increasingly being
used by consumers in place of a traditional deposit account or credit
card. The proposal will build on comments received by the Bureau in
response to a 2012 ANPRM seeking comment, data, and information from
the public about GPR cards. The proposed rule will seek to expand
coverage in Regulation E (implementing the Electronic Fund Transfer
Act) to prepaid accounts, including GPR cards, by extending and in some
cases modifying disclosure, periodic statement, and error resolution
requirements that apply to consumer asset accounts that are currently
subject to Regulation E. The Bureau also expects the proposal to
address treatment of overdraft services and

[[Page 76658]]

credit features in connection with prepaid accounts under both
Regulation Z (Truth in Lending Act) and Regulation E.
 Building on Bureau research and other sources, the Bureau is also
considering what rules may be appropriate for addressing the sustained
use of short-term, high-cost credit products such as payday loans and
deposit advance products. The Bureau issued a white paper on these
products in April 2013 and a data point providing additional research
in March 2014, and is continuing to analyze other consumer protection
concerns associated with the use of high-cost, small-dollar credit
products. Rulemaking might include disclosures or address acts or
practices in connection with these products.
 The Bureau is also continuing to develop research on other critical
consumer protection markets to help assess whether regulation may be
warranted. For example, the Bureau issued research on bank and credit
union overdraft programs in 2013 and 2014 and is planning to release
the results of further studies on overdraft programs and their effects
on consumers.
 In addition, the Bureau has launched research initiatives to build
on its November 2013 ANPRM on debt collection. These efforts include
undertaking a survey to obtain information from consumers about their
experiences with debt collection and launching consumer testing
initiatives to determine what information would be useful for consumers
to have about debt collection and their debts and how that information
should be provided to them.
 Bureau work is also continuing on a number of earlier initiatives
concerning consumer payment services. In addition to the prepaid
rulemaking discussed above, in 2014, the Bureau engaged in a rulemaking
to make further amendments to its existing rule that applies to
consumer remittance transfers to foreign countries. The primary purpose
of the rulemaking was to address whether to extend a provision under
the Dodd-Frank Act that allows insured depository institutions to
estimate certain information for purposes of consumer disclosures. The
provision would have expired in July 2015 unless the Bureau exercises
authority to extend it for up to five years. The Bureau's final rule
extended the provision to July 2020.
 The Bureau is continuing rulemaking activities that will further
establish the Bureau's nonbank supervisory authority by defining larger
participants of certain markets for consumer financial products and
services. Larger participants of such markets, as the Bureau defines by
rule, are subject to the Bureau's supervisory authority. In fall 2014,
the Bureau issued a final rule that amended the regulation defining
larger participants of certain consumer financial products and services
markets by adding a new section to define larger participants of a
market for international money transfers, and began a rulemaking that
would define larger participants of a market for automobile financing
and define certain automobile leasing activity as a financial product
or service.

Bureau Regulatory Streamlining Efforts

Another priority for the Bureau is continuing work on an earlier
initiative to consider opportunities to modernize and streamline
regulations that it inherited from other agencies pursuant to a
transfer of rulemaking authority under the Dodd-Frank Act. In
connection with the HMDA rulemaking described above, the Bureau has
identified potential opportunities to reduce unwarranted regulatory
burden concerning reporting of mortgage application, origination, and
purchase activity, as described in the proposed rule. Similarly, the
Bureau took the opportunity when streamlining federal mortgage forms as
mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act and discussed above, to clarify existing
regulations to address longstanding compliance concerns. The Bureau
also issued a final rule in fall 2014 to allow financial institutions
that restrict their information sharing practices and meet other
requirements to post their annual privacy notices to customers under
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act online rather than delivering them
individually. The rulemaking addresses longstanding concerns that the
annual mailings are a source of unwarranted regulatory burden and
unwanted paperwork for consumers.

Additional Analysis, Planning, and Prioritization

The Bureau is continuing to assess timelines for the issuance of
additional Dodd-Frank Act related rulemakings and rulemakings inherited
by the CFPB from other agencies as part of the transfer of authorities
under the Dodd-Frank Act. The Bureau is also continuing to conduct
outreach and research to assess issues in various other markets for
consumer financial products and services. For example, as directed by
Congress, the Bureau is conducting a study on the use of agreements
providing for arbitration of consumer disputes in connection with the
offering or providing of consumer financial products or services. Upon
completion of this study, the Bureau will evaluate possible policy
responses, including possible rulemaking actions, the findings of which
shall be consistent with the study. The Bureau will similarly evaluate
policy responses to other ongoing research and outreach, taking into
account the critical need for and effectiveness of various policy
tools. The Bureau will update its regulatory agenda in spring 2015 to
reflect the results of further analysis, planning, and prioritization.

BILLING CODE 4810-AM-P

CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION (CPSC)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with
protecting the public from unreasonable risks of death and injury
associated with consumer products. To achieve this goal, the CPSC:
 develops mandatory product safety standards or bans when
other efforts are inadequate to address a safety hazard, or where
required by statute;
 obtains repair, replacement, or refunds for defective
products that present a substantial product hazard;
 develops information and education campaigns about the
safety of consumer products;
 participates in the development or revision of voluntary
product safety standards; and
 follows statutory mandates.
 Unless directed otherwise by congressional mandate, when deciding
which of these approaches to take in any specific case, the CPSC
gathers and analyzes data about the nature and extent of the risk
presented by the product. The Commission's rules at 16 CFR 1009.8
require the Commission to consider, among other factors, the following
criteria when deciding the level of priority for any particular
project:
 frequency and severity of injury;
 causality of injury;
 chronic illness and future injuries;
 costs and benefits of Commission action;
 unforeseen nature of the risk;
 vulnerability of the population at risk;
 probability of exposure to the hazard; and
 additional criteria that warrant Commission attention.

Significant Regulatory Actions:
 Currently, the Commission is considering one rule that would
constitute a ``significant regulatory

[[Page 76659]]

action'' under the definition of that term in Executive Order 12866:
 1. Flammability Standard for Upholstered Furniture
 Under section 4 of the Flammable Fabrics Act (FFA), the Commission
may issue a flammability standard or other regulation for a product of
interior furnishing if the Commission determines that such a standard
is needed to adequately protect the public against unreasonable risk of
the occurrence of fire leading to death or personal injury, or
significant property damage. The Commission's regulatory proceeding
could result in several actions, one of which could be the development
of a mandatory standard requiring that upholstered furniture meet
mandatory requirements specified in the standard.
BILLING CODE 6355-01-P

FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION (FTC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

I. Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities
Background
 The Federal Trade Commission (``FTC'' or ``Commission'') is an
independent agency charged by its enabling statute, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, with protecting American consumers from ``unfair
methods of competition'' and ``unfair or deceptive acts or practices''
in the marketplace. The Commission strives to ensure that consumers
benefit from a vigorously competitive marketplace. The Commission's
work is rooted in a belief that competition, based on truthful and non-
misleading information about products and services, provides consumers
the best choice of products and services at the lowest prices.
 The Commission pursues its goal of promoting competition in the
marketplace through two different but complementary approaches. Unfair
or deceptive acts or practices injure both consumers and honest
competitors alike and undermine competitive markets. Through its
consumer protection activities, the Commission seeks to ensure that
consumers receive accurate, truthful, and non-misleading information in
the marketplace. At the same time, for consumers to have a choice of
products and services at competitive prices and quality, the
marketplace must be free from anticompetitive business practices. Thus,
the second part of the Commission's basic mission--antitrust
enforcement--is to prohibit anticompetitive mergers or other
anticompetitive business practices without unduly interfering with the
legitimate activities of businesses. These two complementary missions
make the Commission unique insofar as it is the Nation's only Federal
agency to be given this combination of statutory authority to protect
consumers.
 The Commission is, first and foremost, a law enforcement agency. It
pursues its mandate primarily through case-by-case enforcement of the
Federal Trade Commission Act and other statutes. In addition, the
Commission is also charged with the responsibility of issuing and
enforcing regulations under a number of statutes. Pursuant to the FTC
Act, the Commission currently has in place 16 trade regulation rules.
Other examples include the regulations enforced pursuant to credit,
financial and marketing practice statutes \1\ and to energy laws.\2\
The Commission also has adopted a number of voluntary industry guides.
Most of the regulations and guides pertain to consumer protection
matters and are intended to ensure that consumers receive the
information necessary to evaluate competing products and make informed
purchasing decisions.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ For example, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited
Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act) (15 U.S.C.
sections 7701-7713) and the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and
Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. sections 6101-6108).
 \2\ For example, the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 2776,
codified in scattered sections of the U.S. Code, particularly 42
U.S.C. section 6201 et seq. and the Energy Independence and Security
Act of 2007 (EISA)).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commission Initiatives
 The Commission protects consumers through a variety of tools,
including both regulatory and non-regulatory approaches. It has
encouraged industry self-regulation, developed a corporate leniency
policy for certain rule violations, and established compliance
partnerships where appropriate.
 As detailed below, protecting consumer privacy, containing the
rising costs of health care and prescription drugs, fostering
competition and innovation in cutting-edge, high-tech industries,
challenging deceptive advertising and marketing, and safeguarding the
interests of potentially vulnerable consumers, such as children and the
financially distressed, continue to be at the forefront of the
Commission's consumer protection and competition programs. By subject
area, the FTC discusses some of the major workshops, reports,\3\ and
initiatives it has pursued since the 2013 Regulatory Plan was
published.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ The FTC also prepares a number of annual and periodic
reports on the statutes it administers. These are not discussed in
this plan.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) Protecting Consumer Privacy. As the nation's top enforcer on
the consumer privacy beat, the FTC works to ensure that consumers can
take advantage of the benefits of a dynamic and ever-changing digital
marketplace without compromising their privacy. The FTC achieves that
goal through civil law enforcement, policy initiatives, and consumer
and business education. For example, the FTC's unparalleled experience
in consumer privacy enforcement has addressed practices offline,
online, and in the mobile environment by large, well-known companies
and lesser-known players alike. Data security is an important focus of
the Commission's privacy work. Since 2002, the FTC has brought over 50
cases against companies that have engaged in unfair or deceptive
practices that the Commission alleged put consumers' personal data at
unreasonable risk.
 The Commission's recent policy initiatives to promote privacy
included a three-part ``Spring Privacy Series'' \4\ that examined the
privacy implications of three new areas of technology or business
practices that have garnered considerable attention for the possible
privacy concerns they raise for consumers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ See press release ``FTC to Host Spring Seminars on Emerging
Consumer Privacy Issues'' dated December 2, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/12/ftc-host-spring-seminars-e
merging-consumer-privacy-issues.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first event on February 19, 2014, focused on the
privacy and security implications of mobile device tracking, which
involves physically tracking consumers in retail and other businesses
using signals from their smartphones.
 The second seminar on March 19, 2014, examined alternative
scoring products, which are scores increasingly used by businesses for
a wide variety of purposes, ranging from identity verification and
fraud prevention to marketing and advertising. The event discussed the
privacy ramifications of such predictive scores, which may fall outside
the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
 The final seminar on May 7, 2014, examined consumers' use
of connected health and fitness devices that regularly collect
information about them and may transmit this information to other
entities.
 In November 2013, the Commission held a workshop entitled Internet
of

[[Page 76660]]

Things--Privacy and Security in a Connected World to explore consumer
privacy and security issues posed by the growing connectivity of
consumer devices, such as cars, home appliances, and health and fitness
devices.\5\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\ See workshop agenda and conference description at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/events-calendar/2013/11/internet-things-privacy-s
ecurity-connected-world.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) Protecting Children. Children increasingly use the Internet for
entertainment, information and schoolwork. The Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the FTC's COPPA Rule protect
children's privacy when they are online by putting their parents in
charge of who gets to collect personal information about their preteen
kids. The FTC enforces COPPA by ensuring that parents have the tools
they need to protect their children's privacy.
 The Commission is actively litigating to protect children and their
parents when children use mobile apps that appeal to children and offer
virtual goods for sale. On August 1, 2014, the FTC filed a court
complaint alleging that Amazon.com, Inc. billed parents and other
account holders for millions of dollars in unauthorized in-app charges
incurred by children.\6\ Amazon offers many children's apps in its app
store for download to mobile devices such as the Kindle Fire. The
lawsuit seeks a court order requiring refunds to consumers for the
unauthorized charges and permanently banning the company from billing
parents and other account holders for in-app charges without their
consent. This is the FTC's third case relating to children's in-app
purchases; Apple and Google both settled FTC complaints concerning the
issue in 2014.\7\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ FTC v. Amazon.com, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-01038 (W.D. Wash.)
(Complaint For Permanent Injunction And Other Equitable Relief filed
on July 10, 2014).
 \7\ In the Matter of Apple Inc., Docket No. C-4444, Decision and
Order, March 25, 2014; In the Matter of Google Inc., Docket No. 122
3237, Proposed Agreement Containing Consent Order, September 4,
2014.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Commission has issued an updated version of the popular free
consumer guide, ``Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online.''
\8\ The revised publication contains updated information for parents
and other adults to use when talking with kids about how to be safe,
secure and responsible online. The revision adds new topics that
reflect changes in the online world since the guide was first issued in
2009. In the revised booklet, adults can find advice on how to talk
with kids about mobile apps, using public Wi-Fi securely and how to
recognize text message spam. The booklet also includes information
about the recent changes to the COPPA Rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ See ``Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online'' at
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0001-netcetera.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) Protecting Seniors. The Commission works vigilantly to fight
telephone scams that harm millions of Americans. The agency has
aggressively used law enforcement tools \9\ as well as efforts to
educate consumers about these scams and to find technological solutions
that will make it more difficult for scammers to operate and hide from
law enforcement. FTC education and outreach programs reach tens of
millions of people every year. Among them is the recently created
``Pass It On'' program that provides seniors with information, in
English and Spanish, on a variety of scams targeting the elderly. The
agency also works with the Elder Justice Coordinating Council to help
protect seniors and with the AARP Foundation, whose peer counselors
provided fraud-avoidance advice last year to more than a thousand
seniors who had filed complaints with the FTC about certain frauds,
including lottery, prize promotion, and grandparent scams. The
Commission is also promoting initiatives to make it harder for scammers
to fake or ``spoof'' their caller Identification information and the
more widespread availability of technology that will block calls from
fraudsters, essentially operating as a spam filter for the telephone.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ The FTC has brought more than 130 cases involving
telemarketing fraud against more than 800 defendants during the past
decade.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d) Protecting Financially Distressed Consumers. Even as the
economy recovers, some consumers continue to face financial challenges.
The FTC acts to ensure that consumers are protected from deceptive and
unfair credit practices and get the information they need to make
informed financial choices. The Commission has continued its
enforcement efforts by bringing law enforcement actions to curb
deceptive and unfair practices in mortgage rescue, debt relief, auto
financing and debt collection.
 In October 2014, the FTC also co-hosted a roundtable on debt
collection issues with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).
The roundtable specifically examined how debt collection issues affect
Latino consumers, especially those who have limited English proficiency
(LEP). The event brought together consumer advocates, industry
representatives, State and Federal regulators, and academics to
exchange information on a range of issues. Topics included an overview
of the Latino community, its finances, and the collectors who contact
members of this community; pre-litigation collection from Latino
consumers; the experience of LEP Latinos in debt collection litigation;
credit reporting issues among LEP Latinos; and developing improved
strategies for educating and reaching out to LEP Latinos about debt
collection.
 (e) Ensuring Consumers Benefit from New Technologies While Also
Protecting Them.
 Mobile Cramming. The widespread adoption of mobile devices
has provided many important benefits to consumers, including the
convenience of paying for goods and services using a mobile phone.
Recently, the FTC has brought a number of law enforcement actions in
addition to policy and education activities designed to combat mobile
cramming that are part of the Commission's overall work to protect
consumers in the mobile environment. In the Commission's six mobile
cramming cases brought since the spring of 2013, the three that have
been fully or partially resolved have resulted in strong relief for
consumers. The agency has obtained judgments totaling more than $160
million, as well as court orders preventing the defendants from further
illegal cramming. The Commission also has two ongoing cases against two
other merchants who crammed charges onto consumers' bills, along with
its case against wireless carrier T-Mobile filed earlier in July
2014.\10\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\10\ FTC v. T-Mobile USA, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-00967 (W.D. Wash.)
(Complaint For Permanent Injunction And Other Equitable Relief filed
on July 1, 2014).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mobile Billing. One mobile payment option is known as
``carrier billing''--the ability to charge a good or service directly
to a mobile phone account. In a report issued on July 28, 2014, FTC
staff recommended steps that mobile carriers and other companies should
take to prevent consumers from being stuck with unauthorized charges on
their mobile phone bills, an unlawful practice known as mobile
cramming.\11\ FTC staff set out five recommended best practices for
industry participants to protect consumers against unwanted charges
while enabling innovation and consumer access to another payment
mechanism. The FTC will continue to monitor and, where appropriate,
investigate industry participants--carriers, billing intermediaries,
and merchants--involved in third-party

[[Page 76661]]

mobile billing and bring further enforcement actions. Further, the FTC
will continue to monitor the issue of cramming on mobile phone accounts
and evaluate whether other potential solutions--including legislative
measures and additional regulatory changes--are necessary to ensure
consumers are protected from unwanted and unauthorized charges.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\11\ See ``Mobile Cramming: A Federal Trade Commission Staff
Report (July 2014)'' at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/mobile-cramming-federal-trade-
commission-staff-report-july-2014/140728mobilecramming.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mobile Shopping Apps. A new staff report issued on August
1, 2014, by the Commission finds that many mobile apps for use in
shopping do not provide consumers with important information--such as
how the apps manage payment-related disputes or handle consumer data--
prior to download. The report, ``What's the Deal? An FTC Study on
Mobile Shopping Apps,'' \12\ looked at some of the most popular apps
used by consumers to comparison shop, collect and redeem deals and
discounts, and pay in-store with their mobile devices. The report
builds on the findings of the Commission's 2012 workshop on mobile
payments and the report from that workshop, which raised concerns about
consumers' potential financial liability--as well as the privacy and
security of their data--when using mobile payment services. The report
is part of the Commission's work to ensure that consumers are fully
protected in the growing mobile space, which has included workshops and
other initiatives to study cutting-edge issues in this area, along with
a number of law enforcement cases.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\12\ See ``What's the Deal? An FTC Study on Mobile Shopping Apps
(August 2014)'' at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/whats-deal-federal-trade-commi
ssion-study-mobile-shopping-apps-august-2014/140801mobileshoppingapps.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use of Big Data. The Commission hosted a public workshop
entitled ``Big Data: A Tool for Inclusion or Exclusion?'' on September
15, 2014, which explored the use of ``big data'' and its impact on
American consumers, including low-income and underserved consumers. A
growing number of companies are increasingly using big data analytics
techniques to categorize consumers and make predictions about their
behavior. As part of the FTC's ongoing work to shed light on the full
scope of big data practices, the workshop examined the potentially
positive and negative effects of big data on low income and underserved
populations.
 (f) Promoting Competition in Health Care. The FTC continues to work
to eliminate anticompetitive settlements featuring payments by branded
drug firms to a generic competitor to keep generic drugs off the market
(so-called, ``pay-for-delay'' agreements). It's a practice where the
pharmaceutical industry wins, but consumers lose. The brand company
protects its drug franchise, and the generic competitor shares in the
monopoly profits preserved by avoiding competition. The Commission
supports legislation to ban these harmful agreements while actively
litigating Federal court challenges to invalidate individual
agreements. In a significant victory on June 17, 2013, the U.S. Supreme
Court reversed a lower court ruling and held that pay-for-delay
agreements between brand and generic drug companies are subject to
antitrust scrutiny under an antitrust ``rule of reason'' analysis. FTC
v. Actavis, Inc., 570 U.S. 756 (2013). The FTC now has three active
pay-for-delay litigations underway in federal courts. Two of them
involve the blockbuster male testosterone replacement drug Androgel,
including the Actavis case on remand to the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia and FTC v. AbbVie, Inc., in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.\13\ The third,
underway in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, FTC v. Cephalon, Inc., involves the billion-dollar
narcolepsy drug Provigil.\14\ However, solving this problem through the
courts will take considerable time, during which American consumers and
governments will continue to pay high prices for prescription drugs.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\13\ FTC v. AbbVie, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-05151-RK (E.D. Pa.)
(Complaint For Injunctive And Other Equitable Relief filed on
September 8, 2014).
 \14\ FTC v. Cephalon, Inc., No. 2:08-CV-02141 (E.D. Pa.).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The FTC also continues to vigorously challenge anticompetitive
acquisitions in health care provider markets. For example, in January
2014, a federal court in Idaho issued a permanent injunction enjoining
St. Luke's Health System's acquisition of Saltzer Medical Group,
Idaho's largest independent, multi-specialty physician practice group,
and requiring full divestiture of Saltzer's physicians and assets in an
action brought by the FTC, together with the Idaho Attorney General.
The complaint charged that the combination of St. Luke's employed
primary care physicians and Saltzer's physicians would give the merged
firm the market power to demand higher rates for primary care physician
services in Nampa, Idaho, and surrounding areas. This case is on
appeal. Moreover, in April 2014, in the first appellate decision in a
health care provider merger in 15 years, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit upheld the Commission's 2012 decision finding that
ProMedica Health System, Inc. acquisition of a rival, St. Luke's
Hospital in the Toledo, Ohio area, violated the antitrust laws. The
Commission's order requires ProMedica to divest St. Luke's Hospital to
an FTC-approved buyer.
 (g) Fostering Innovation & Competition. For more than two decades,
the Commission has examined difficult issues at the intersection of
antitrust and intellectual property law--issues related to innovation,
standard-setting, and patents. The Commission's work in this area is
grounded in the recognition that intellectual property and competition
laws share the fundamental goals of promoting innovation and consumer
welfare. The Commission has authored several seminal reports on
competition and patent law and conducted workshops to learn more about
emerging practices and trends.
 For instance, the FTC and DOJ held a joint workshop in December
2012 to explore the impact of patent assertion entity (PAE) activities
\15\ and encouraged efforts of the Patent Trade Office to provide the
public with more complete information regarding patent ownership.\16\
The FTC and DOJ also received public comments in conjunction with the
workshop. While workshop panelists and commenters identified potential
harms and efficiencies of PAE activity, they noted a lack of empirical
data in this area and recommended that FTC use its authority under
Section 6(b) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. After public notice
and comment, on August 8, 2014, the Commission received authority from
the Office of Management and Budget to issue compulsory process orders
to PAEs and other industry participants for the purpose of gathering
information to examine how PAEs do business and develop a better
understanding of how they impact innovation and competition.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\15\ See press release ``Federal Trade Commission, Department of
Justice to Hold Workshop on Patent Assertion Entity Activities''
dated November 19, 2012, at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2012/11/paeworkshop.shtm.
 \16\ See Comments of the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice And the United States Federal Trade
Commission, February 1, 2013, Before the United States Department of
Commerce Patent and Trademark Office, In the Matter of Notice of
Roundtable on Proposed Requirements for Recordation of Real-Party-
in-Interest Information Throughout Application Pendency and Patent
Term, Docket No. PTO-P-2012-0047, at
http://www.ftc.gov/os/2013/02/130201pto-rpi-comment.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(h) Alcohol Advertising. On February 1, 2012, the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) gave the Commission

[[Page 76662]]

approval, under the Paperwork Reduction Act, to issue compulsory
process orders to up to 14 alcohol companies. On April 16, 2012, the
Commission issued the orders, seeking information on company brands,
sales, and marketing expenses; compliance with advertising placement
codes; and use of social media and other digital marketing.\17\ On
March 20, 2014, the Commission released a report, setting forth the
results of its study.\18\ The Commission also continues to promote the
``We Don't Serve Teens'' consumer education program, supporting the
legal drinking age.\19\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\17\ A copy of the order, a list of the target companies, and
the press release are available online at
http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2012/04/alcoholstudy.shtm.
 \18\ See Self-Regulation in the Alcohol Industry (March 2014),
available at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/self-regulation-alcohol-indust
ry-report-federal-trade-commission/140320alcoholreport.pdf.
 \19\ More information can be found at http://www.dontserveteens.gov/.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(i) Gasoline Prices. Given the impact of energy prices on consumer
budgets, the energy sector continues to be a major focus of FTC law
enforcement and study. In November 2009, the FTC's Petroleum Market
Manipulation Rule became final.\20\ Our staff continues to examine all
communications from the public about potential violations of this Rule,
which prohibits manipulation in wholesale markets for crude oil,
gasoline, and petroleum distillates. Other activities complement these
efforts, including merger enforcement and an agreement with the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission to share investigative
information. In view of the fundamental importance of oil, natural gas,
and other energy resources to the overall vitality of the United States
and world economy, we expect that FTC review and oversight of the oil
and natural gas industries will remain a centerpiece of our work for
years to come.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\20\ 16 CFR part 317; See press release: ``New FTC Rule
Prohibits Petroleum Market Manipulation'' (Aug. 6, 2009), available
at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2009/08/mmr.shtm; ``FTC Issues Compliance
Guide for Its Petroleum Market Manipulation Regulations,'' News
Release (Nov. 13, 2009), available at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2009/11/mmr.shtm.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(j) Fraud Surveys. The FTC's Bureau of Economics (BE) continues to
conduct fraud surveys and related research on consumer susceptibility
to fraud. For example, BE conducted an exploratory experimental study
in a university economics laboratory to see whether we could identify
characteristics of consumers who might be more likely to fall victim to
fraud. A second exploratory study of susceptibility to fraud was
conducted using an Internet panel. The results of that study are
currently being analyzed. The most recent survey of the incidence of
consumer fraud was conducted between late November 2011 and early
February 2012, and a report describing the findings was released in
April 2013. The results of these efforts may aid the FTC to better
target its enforcement actions and consumer education initiatives and
improve future fraud surveys.
 (k) Protecting Consumers from Cross-Border Harm. The FTC continues
to focus on combatting cross-border violations of law that affect
consumers. For example, this year the Commission approved fourteen
settlements with U.S. businesses that had falsely claimed they were
abiding by an international privacy framework known as the U.S.-
European Union Safe Harbor that enables U.S. companies to transfer
consumer data from the European Union (EU) to the United States in
compliance with EU law.\21\ Additionally, the FTC, with the help of
counterparts in Canada, Slovakia, and Austria, brought an action
against a notorious multi-million dollar international business
directory scam in FTC v. Construct Data.\22\ Building on the FTC's work
with African consumer agencies, the FTC signed a memorandum of
understanding (MOU) with Nigeria's Consumer Protection Council and its
Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.\23\ It is the first FTC MOU
of this kind to include a foreign criminal enforcement authority.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\21\ See press release ``FTC Approves Final Orders Settling
Charges of U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Violations Against 14 Companies''
dated June 25, 2014, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2014/06/ftc-approves-final-orders-
settling-charges-us-eu-safe-harbor.
 \22\ FTC v. Construct Data Publishers, a.s. d/b/a Fair Guide,
Civil Action Number: 13 cv 1999 (N.D. Ill.) Default Judgment and
Order for Permanent Injunction and Other Equitable Relief Against
Construct Data Publishers A.S., Wolfgang Valvoda, and Susanne Anhorn
(March 7, 2014).
 \23\ See press release ``FTC Signs Memorandum of Understanding
with Nigerian Consumer Protection and Criminal Enforcement
Authorities'' dated August 28, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/08/ftc-signs-memorandum-under
standing-nigerian-consumer-protection.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The FTC strives to promote sound approaches to common problems by
building relationships with sister agencies around the world. With over
130 jurisdictions enforcing competition laws, the FTC continues to lead
efforts to develop strong mutual enforcement cooperation and sound
policy with its international partners. We continue to strengthen
cooperation and coordination with agencies to reach compatible results
on cases of mutual interest, such as Thermo Fisher/Life Technologies,
in which the FTC recently cooperated with antitrust agencies in nine
jurisdictions to reach consistent results.\24\ We also work to develop
improved tools to facilitate cooperation. This year, FTC and Department
of Justice Antitrust Division staff jointly released a model waiver of
confidentiality that is designed to streamline the waiver negotiation
process, facilitating deeper communication between cooperating
agencies.\25\ During the past year the FTC held bilateral meetings with
key partners, including competition agencies in the EU, Canada, Mexico,
Japan, China and India, and continued to play a lead role in the
International Competition Network, including co-leading the Agency
Effectiveness Working Group and its Investigative Process Project.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\24\ See press release ``FTC Puts Conditions on Thermo Fisher
Scientific Inc.'s Proposed Acquisition of Life Technologies
Corporation'' dated January 31, 2014, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2014/01/ftc-puts-conditions-thermo
-fisher-scientific-incs-proposed.
 \25\ See press release ``Federal Trade Commission and Justice
Department Issue Updated Model Waiver of Confidentiality for
International Civil Matters and Accompanying FAQ'' dated September
25, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/09/federal-trade-commission-a
nd-justice-department-issue-updated.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(l) Self-Regulatory and Compliance Initiatives With Industry. The
Commission continues to engage industry in compliance partnerships in
the funeral and franchise industries. Specifically, the Commission's
Funeral Rule Offender Program, conducted in partnership with the
National Funeral Directors Association, is designed to educate funeral
home operators found in violation of the requirements of the Funeral
Rule, 16 CFR 453, so that they can meet the rule's disclosure
requirements. Almost 460 funeral homes have participated in the program
since its inception in 1996. In addition, the Commission established
the Franchise Rule Alternative Law Enforcement Program in partnership
with the International Franchise Association (IFA), a nonprofit
organization that represents both franchisors and franchisees. This
program is designed to assist franchisors found to have a minor or
technical violation of the Franchise Rule, 16 CFR 436, in complying
with the rule. Violations involving fraud or other section 5 violations
are not candidates for referral to the program. The IFA teaches the
franchisor how to comply with the rule and monitors its business for a
period of years. Where appropriate, the program offers franchisees the
opportunity to mediate claims arising from the law violations. Since
December

[[Page 76663]]

1998, 21 companies have agreed to participate in the program.
Rulemakings and Studies Required by Statute
 Congress has enacted laws requiring the Commission to undertake
rulemakings and studies. This section discusses required rules and
studies. The final actions section below describes actions taken on the
required rulemakings and studies since the 2013 Regulatory Plan was
published.
 FACTA Rules. The Commission has issued all of the rules required by
FACTA (Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act). These rules are
codified in several parts of 16 CFR 602 et seq., amending or
supplementing regulations relating to the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
 FACTA Studies. On March 27, 2009, the Commission issued compulsory
information requests to the nine largest private providers of homeowner
insurance in the nation. The purpose was to help the FTC collect data
for its study on the effects of credit-based scores in the homeowner
insurance market, a study mandated by section 215 of the FACTA. During
the summer of 2009, these nine insurers submitted responses to the
Commission's requests. FTC staff has reviewed the large policy-level
data files included in these submissions and has identified a sample
set of data to be used for the study. The insurance companies then
worked with their vendor to ensure the security of delivering the data
set to the FTC's own and separate vendor. That data was sent to the
FTC's vendor, which then sent the data, stripped of any personally
identifiable information, to the FTC. The FTC's vendor also sent other
data to the Social Security Administration (SSA), which will provide
the FTC with additional data for the Report. The FTC hopes to receive
the SSA data soon. Staff expects the Report will be submitted to
Congress during the spring of 2015. This study is not affected by the
Consumer Financial Protection Act.
 Section 319 of FACTA requires the FTC to study the accuracy and
completeness of information in consumers' credit reports and to
consider methods for improving the accuracy and completeness of such
information. Section 319 of the Act also requires the Commission to
issue a series of biennial reports to Congress over a period of 11
years. The Commission's December 2012 report to Congress on credit
reporting accuracy focused on identifying potential errors that could
have a material effect on a person's credit standing. Any participants
who identified a potentially material error on their report were
encouraged to dispute the erroneous information. The study found that
26 percent of consumers reported a potential material error on one or
more of their three reports and filed a dispute with at least one
credit reporting agency (CRA), and half of these consumers experienced
a change in their credit scores. For five percent of consumers, the
errors on their credit reports could lead to them paying more for
products such as auto loans and insurance. Congress instructed the FTC
to complete this study by December 2014, when a final report is due.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 In 1992, the Commission implemented a program to review its rules
and guides regularly. The Commission's review program is patterned
after provisions in the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601-612.
Under the Commission's program, rules are reviewed on a 10-year
schedule. For many rules, this has resulted in more frequent reviews
than are generally required by section 610 of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act. This program is also broader than the review
contemplated under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, in that it provides
the Commission with an ongoing systematic approach for seeking
information about the costs and benefits of its rules and guides and
whether there are changes that could minimize any adverse economic
effects, not just a ``significant economic impact upon a substantial
number of small entities.'' 5 U.S.C. 610.
 As part of its continuing 10-year review plan, the Commission
examines the effect of rules and guides on small businesses and on the
marketplace in general. These reviews may lead to the revision or
rescission of rules and guides to ensure that the Commission's consumer
protection and competition goals are achieved efficiently and at the
least cost to business. In a number of instances, the Commission has
determined that existing rules and guides were no longer necessary or
in the public interest. Most of the matters currently under review
pertain to consumer protection and are intended to ensure that
consumers receive the information necessary to evaluate competing
products and make informed purchasing decisions. Pursuant to this
program, the Commission has rescinded 37 rules and guides promulgated
under the FTC's general authority and updated dozens of others since
the early 1990s.
 In light of Executive Orders 13563 and 13579, the FTC continues to
take a fresh look at its long-standing regulatory review process. The
Commission is taking a number of steps to ease burdens on business and
promote transparency in its regulatory review program:
 The Commission recently issued a revised 10-year review
schedule (see next paragraph below) and is accelerating the review of a
number of rules and guides in response to recent changes in technology
and the marketplace. The Commission is currently reviewing 20 of the 65
rules and guides within its jurisdiction.
 The Commission continues to request and review public
comments on the effectiveness of its regulatory review program and
suggestions for its improvement.
 The FTC maintains a Web page at http://www.ftc.gov/regreview that serves as a
one-stop shop for the public to obtain
information and provide comments on individual rules and guides under
review as well as the Commission's regulatory review program generally.
 In addition, the Commission's 10-year periodic review schedule
includes initiating reviews for the following rules and guides (79 FR
14199, March 13, 2014) during 2014 and 2015:
 (1) Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information, 16 CFR 314,
 (2) Contact Lens Rule, 16 CFR 315,
 (3) CAN-SPAM Rule, 16 CFR 316, and
 (4) Ophthalmic Practice Rules (Eyeglass Rule), 16 CFR 456.
 As set out below under Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews, the
Commission recently initiated reviews of the Telemarketing Sales Rule
(TSR), 16 CFR 308, and the Hobby Rules, 16 CFR 304.

Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews

The Commission is continuing review of a number of rules and
guides, which are discussed below.
(a) Rules
 Premerger Notification Rules and Report Form (or HSR Rules), 16 CFR
801-803. The Premerger Office is considering recommending amendments to
the HSR Rules regarding standards for the valuation of potentially
reportable transactions, regarding the instructions to the HSR Form to
update information related to NAICS (North American Industry
Classification System) codes, recent rule changes, and a change of
address for delivery of filings to the FTC Premerger Office. The
proposed amendments may be issued during the first quarter of 2015. The
Premerger Office is also considering amendments to the Instructions to
the HSR Form to update information related to NAICS codes and

[[Page 76664]]

recent rule changes and allow the submission of filings on electronic
media.\26\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\26\ See Final Actions for information about a separate final
rule proceeding for HSR Rules.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fuel Rating Rule, 16 CFR 306. First issued in 1979, the Fuel Rating
Rule (or Automotive Fuel Ratings, Certification and Posting Rule)
enables consumers to buy gasoline with an appropriate octane rating for
their vehicle and establishes standard procedures for determining,
certifying, and posting octane ratings. On March 27, 2014, the
Commission proposed amendments to the Rule that would adopt and revise
rating, certification, and labeling requirements for blends of gasoline
with more than 10 percent ethanol and would allow an alternative octane
rating method that would lower compliance costs. 79 FR 18850. The
comment period closed on July 2, 2014. Staff is reviewing comments and
anticipates sending a recommendation to the Commission by the end of
the first quarter of 2015.
 Telemarketing Sales Rule (TSR), 16 CFR 308. Anti-Fraud Provisions--
Commission staff are considering proposed ``Anti-Fraud'' amendments to
the TSR concerning, among other things, the misuse of novel payment
methods by telemarketers and sellers. On May 21, 2013, the Commission
issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (``NPRM''), which was published
in the Federal Register on July 9, 2013. 78 FR 41200. After a short
extension, the comment period closed on August 8, 2013. Commission
staff is reviewing the comments submitted in response to the NPRM, and
anticipates making a recommendation to the Commission by the end of
2014.
 Periodic Rule Review--On August 11, 2014, Commission initiated
periodic review of the TSR as set out on the 10-year review schedule.
79 FR 46732. The comment period as extended will close on November 13,
2014. 79 FR 61267 (Oct. 10, 2014).
 Hobby Rules, 16 CFR 304. As part of the systematic rule review
process, on July 14, 2014, the Commission requested public comments on,
among other things, the economic impact and benefits of the Hobby Rules
(Rules and Regulations under the Hobby Protection Act); possible
conflict between the Rules and State, local, or other Federal laws or
regulations; and the effect on the Rules of any technological,
economic, or other industry changes. 79 FR 40691. The comment period
closed on September 22, 2014. The Hobby Protection Act, 16 U.S.C. 2101-
2106, prohibits manufacturing or importing imitation numismatic and
collectible political items unless they are marked in accordance with
regulations prescribed by the Federal Trade Commission. The
implementing Rules prescribe that imitation political items--such as
buttons, posters or coffee mugs--must be marked with the calendar year
in which they were manufactured, and imitation numismatic items--
including coins, tokens and paper money--must be marked with the word
``copy.'' Staff anticipates sending a recommendation to the Commission
by May 2015.
 The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act (``FPLA'') Rules, 16 CFR 500-
502. The FPLA requires consumer commodities to be marked with
statements of: (1) Identity; (2) net quantity of contents; and (3) name
and place of the business of manufacturer, packer, or distributor.
These requirements serve FPLA's stated purpose of ``enabling consumers
to obtain accurate information as to the quantity of the contents and .
. . to facilitate value comparisons.'' As part of its ongoing
systematic review process, the Commission requested comments on March
19, 2014, regarding, among other things, the economic impact and
benefits of the FPLA Rules; possible conflict between the Rules and
State, local, or other Federal laws or regulations; and the effect on
the Rules of any technological, economic, or other industry changes.
The comment period closed on May 21, 2014. Staff is reviewing the
comments and anticipates forwarding a recommendation to the Commission
by the end of 2014.
 Care Labeling Rule, 16 CFR 423. Promulgated in 1971, the Rule on
Care Labeling of Textile Apparel and Certain Piece Goods as Amended
(the Care Labeling Rule) makes it an unfair or deceptive act or
practice for manufacturers and importers of textile wearing apparel and
certain piece goods to sell these items without attaching care labels
stating ``what regular care is needed for the ordinary use of the
product.'' The Rule also requires that the manufacturer or importer
possess, prior to sale, a reasonable basis for the care instructions
and allows the use of approved care symbols in lieu of words to
disclose care instructions. After reviewing the comments from a
periodic rule review (76 FR 41148; July 13, 2011), the Commission
concluded on September 20, 2012, that the Rule continued to benefit
consumers and would be retained, and sought comments on potential
updates to the Rule, including changes that would: Allow garment
manufacturers and marketers to include instructions for professional
wetcleaning on labels; permit the use of ASTM Standard D5489-07,
``Standard Guide for Care Symbols for Care Instructions on Textile
Products,'' or ISO 3758:2005(E), ``Textiles--Care labeling code using
symbols,'' in lieu of terms; clarify what can constitute a reasonable
basis for care instructions; and update the definition of ``dryclean.''
77 FR 58338. On March 28, 2014, the Commission hosted a public
roundtable in Washington, DC, that analyzed proposed changes to the
Rule. Staff anticipates forwarding a recommendation to the Commission
action during early 2015.
 Used Car Rule, 16 CFR 455. The Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation
Rule (``Used Car Rule''), 16 CFR 455, sets out the general duties of a
used vehicle dealer; requires that a completed Buyers Guide be posted
at all times on the side window of each used car a dealer offers for
sale; and mandates disclosure of whether the vehicle is covered by a
dealer warranty and, if so, the type and duration of the warranty
coverage, or whether the vehicle is being sold ``as is-no warranty.''
The Commission published a notice seeking public comments on the
effectiveness and impact of the rule. See 73 FR 42285 (July 21, 2008).
The comment period, as extended and then reopened, ended on June 15,
2009. In response to comments, the Commission published a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking on December 17, 2012 (See 77 FR 74746) and a final
rule revising the Spanish translation of the window form on December
12, 2012. See 77 FR 73912. The extended comment period on the NPRM
ended on March 13, 2012. The Commission is currently considering
staff's recommendation relating to the next step in this rulemaking.
 Consumer Warranty Rules, 16 CFR 701-703. The Rule Governing the
Disclosure of Written Consumer Product Warranty Terms and Conditions
(Rule 701) establishes requirements for warrantors for disclosing the
terms and conditions of written warranties on consumer products
actually costing the consumer more than $15.00. The Rule Governing the
Pre-Sale Availability of Written Warranty Terms, 16 CFR part 702 (Rule
702) requires sellers and warrantors to make the terms of a written
warranty available to the consumer prior to sale. The Rule Governing
Informal Dispute Settlement Procedures (IDSM) (Rule 703) establishes
minimum requirements for those informal dispute settlement mechanisms
that are incorporated by the warrantor into its consumer product
warranty. By incorporating the IDSM into the warranty, the warrantor
requires the consumer to use the IDSM before pursuing any legal
remedies in

[[Page 76665]]

court. On August 23, 2011, as part of its ongoing systematic review of
all FTC rules and guides, the Commission requested comments on, among
other things, the economic impact and benefits of these Rules, Guides,
and Interpretations; \27\ possible conflict between the Rules, Guides,
and Interpretations and state, local, or other federal laws or
regulations; and the effect on the Rules, Guides, and Interpretations
of any technological, economic, or other industry changes. See 76 FR
52596. The comment period closed on October 24, 2011. Staff anticipates
sending a recommendation to the Commission by the fall of 2014.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\27\ The Federal Register Notice also announced the review of
the related Guides for the Advertising of Warranties and Guarantees,
16 CFR 239, and the Interpretations of Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act,
16 CFR 700.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cooling-Off Rule, 16 CFR 429. The Cooling-Off Rule requires that a
consumer be given a 3-day right to cancel certain sales greater than
$25.00 that occur at a place other than a seller's place of business.
The rule also requires a seller to notify buyers orally of the right to
cancel, to provide buyers with a dated receipt or copy of the contract
containing the name and address of the seller and notice of
cancellation rights, and to provide buyers with forms which buyers may
use to cancel the contract. As part of its systematic regulatory review
process and following public comment, the Commission announced that it
was retaining the Cooling-Off Rule and proposed increasing its $25
exclusionary limit to $130 to account for inflation. 78 FR 3855 (Jan.
17, 2013). The comment period closed on March 4, 2013. Staff reviewed
the comments, and the Commission is currently reviewing its
recommendation.
 Unavailability Rule, 16 CFR 424. The Unavailability Rule states
that it is a violation of section 5 of the FTC Act for retail stores of
food, groceries, or other merchandise to advertise products for sale at
a stated price if those stores do not have the advertised products in
stock and readily available to customers during the effective period of
the advertisement, unless the advertisement clearly discloses that
supplies of the advertised products are limited or are available only
at some outlets. This Rule is intended to benefit consumers by ensuring
that advertised items are available, that advertising-induced
purchasing trips are not fruitless, and that store prices accurately
reflect the prices appearing in the ads. On August 12, 2011, the
Commission announced an ANPRM and a request for comment on the Rule as
part of its systematic periodic review of current rules. The comment
period closed on October 19, 2011. Staff has reviewed the comments and
expects to submit a recommendation to the Commission by the winter of
2015.
(b) Guides
 Jewelry Guides, 16 CFR 23. The Commission sought public comments on
its Guides for the Jewelry, Precious Metals, and Pewter Industries,
which are commonly known as the Jewelry Guides. 77 FR 39202 (July 2,
2012). Since completing its last review of the Jewelry Guides in 1996,
the Commission revised sections of the Guides and addressed other
issues raised in petitions from jewelry trade associations. The Guides
explain to businesses how to avoid making deceptive claims about
precious metal, pewter, diamond, gemstone, and pearl products and when
they should make disclosures to avoid unfair or deceptive trade
practices. The comment period initially set to close on August 27,
2012, was subsequently extended until September 28, 2012. Staff also
conducted a public roundtable to examine possible modifications to the
Guides in June 2013. Staff is currently reviewing the record, including
comments and the roundtable transcript.
 Used Auto Parts Guides, 16 CFR 20. On July 14, 2014, the Commission
completed its review of the Guides for the Rebuilt, Reconditioned and
Other Used Automobile Parts Industry (Used Auto Parts Guides or
Guides), which are designed to prevent the unfair or deceptive
marketing of used motor vehicle parts and assemblies, such as engines
and transmissions, containing used parts. 79 FR 40623. The Guides
prohibit misrepresentations that a part is new or about the condition,
extent of previous use, reconstruction, or repair of a part. Previously
used parts must be clearly and conspicuously identified as such in
advertising and packaging and, if the part appears new, on the part
itself. In May 2012, the Commission sought public comments on the Used
Auto Parts Guides. 77 FR 29922. After considering the comments, the
Commission decided to retain and amend the Guides. Significant
amendments include providing that the term ``remanufactured,'' like the
term ``factory rebuilt,'' should be used only if the product was
rebuilt ``at a factory generally engaged in the rebuilding of such
products;'' applying the Guides to used tires; and shortening and
updating the sample list of parts that may be industry products.
Final Actions
 Since the publication of the 2013 Regulatory Plan, the Commission
has issued the following final rules or taken other actions to close
other rulemaking proceedings.
 Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule, 16 CFR 435. The Mail or
Telephone Order Rule requires that, when sellers advertise merchandise,
they must have a reasonable basis for stating or implying that they can
ship within a certain time. On September 11, 2014, the Commission
announced it was adopting final amendments to its Trade Regulation Rule
previously entitled ``Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise,'' including
revising its name to ``Mail, Internet, or Telephone Order Merchandise''
(the ``Rule''). 79 FR 55615 (Sept. 17, 2014). The final rule is based
upon the comments received in response to an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking, a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, a Staff Report, and other
information. Other final amendments clarify that the Rule covers all
orders placed over the Internet; revise the Rule to allow sellers to
provide refunds and refund notices by any means at least as fast and
reliable as first class mail; clarify sellers' obligations when buyers
use payment systems not enumerated in the Rule; and require that
refunds be made within seven working days for purchases made using
third-party credit cards. The final rule is effective on December 8,
2014.
 Wool Rules, 16 CFR 300. On June 4, 2014, the Commission amended the
Wool Rules (Rules and Regulations Under The Wool Products Labeling Act
of 1939) to conform to the 2006 amendments to the Wool Suit Fabric
Labeling Fairness and International Standards Conforming Act (the Wool
Act) and the amended Textile Rules. The changes included incorporating
the Wool Act's new definitions for cashmere and very fine wools,
clarifying descriptions of products containing virgin or new wool, and
allowing certain hang-tags disclosing fiber trademarks and performance
even if they do not disclose the product's full fiber content. The
amended Rules were effective on July 7, 2014.
 Fur Rules, 16 CFR 301. The Commission published amendments to the
Fur Rules (or Rules and Regulations under the Fur Products Labeling
Act) on May 28, 2014, to update the Fur Products Name Guide, provide
more labeling flexibility, incorporate Truth in Fur Labeling Act
provisions, and conform the guaranty provisions to those governing the
Rules under the Textile Fiber Products Identification

[[Page 76666]]

Act. 79 FR 30445. The amendments are effective November 19, 2014. More
specifically, the changes eliminate unnecessary requirements on
companies that sell fur products to give them more flexibility on
labeling, update the Fur Products Name Guide that lists common animal
names allowed on fur labels, incorporate provisions of a fur labeling
law passed by Congress in 2010, the Truth in Fur Labeling Act of 2010
(``TFLA''), including the elimination of the Commission's discretion to
exempt fur products of ``relatively small quantity or value'' from
disclosure requirements; and providing that the Fur Act would not apply
to products covered by the hunter/trapper exemption.
 Textile Labeling Rules, 16 CFR 303. These Rules implement Textile
Fiber Identification Act requirements that apparel and other covered
household textile articles be marked with (1) the generic names and
percentages by weight of the constituent fibers present in the textile
fiber product; (2) the name under which the manufacturer or another
responsible USA company does business, or in lieu thereof, the
registered identification number (RIN) of such a company; and (3) the
name of the country where the textile product was processed or
manufactured. After notice and comment, the Commission amended the
Rules on April 4, 2014, to clarify and update its provisions and
provide more flexibility, giving businesses more compliance options
without imposing significant new obligations. 79 FR 18766.
 Premerger Notification Rules and Report Form (or HSR Rules), 16 CFR
801-803. On April 25, 2014, the Commission, in conjunction with the
Department of Justice's Antitrust Division, issued amendments to the
HSR Rules, updating the Instructions to the HSR Form with the address
for the Premerger Office's new location in the Constitution Center. The
effective date of the new address was May 6, 2014. 79 FR 25662.
 Prenotification Negative Option Rule, 16 CFR 425. On July 25, 2014,
the Commission announced it was closing the periodic Regulatory Review
and retaining the Negative Option Rule (the Trade Regulation Rule on
Prenotification Negative Option Plans) as currently written. 79 FR
44271 (July 31, 2014). The Negative Option Rule governs the operation
of prenotification subscription plans. Under these plans, sellers ship
merchandise automatically to their subscribers and bill them for the
merchandise within a prescribed time. The Negative Option Rule protects
consumers by requiring the disclosure of the terms of membership
clearly and conspicuously and establishes procedures for administering
the subscription plans.
 Energy Labeling Rule, 16 CFR 305. On April 9, 2014, the Commission
issued conforming amendments to the Rule requiring a new Department of
Energy (``DOE'') test procedure for televisions and establishing data
reporting requirements for those products. 79 FR 19464.\28\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\28\ See Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews for information about a
separate ongoing rulemaking proceeding for the Energy Labeling Rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR 310. Caller ID--After reviewing
the public comments elicited by an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking, 75 FR 78179 (Dec. 15, 2010) seeking suggestions on ways to
enhance the effectiveness and enforceability of the caller
identification (``Caller ID'') requirements of the TSR as well as
technical presentations at the FTC's 2012 Robocall Summit, the
Commission determined that amending the TSR would not reduce the
incidence of the falsification, or ``spoofing,'' of Caller ID
information in telemarketing calls. The Commission issued a Federal
Register Notice closing this proceeding, effective December 5, 2013. 78
FR 77024 (Dec. 20, 2014).
 Fred Meyer Guides, 16 CFR 240. On September 18, 2014, the
Commission completed its review of the Fred Meyer Guides (officially
the Guides for Advertising Allowances and Other Merchandising Payments
and Services) and is retaining the Guides with updates that, among
other revisions, clarify that the Guides apply to Internet commerce and
bring the Guides into conformity with current case law regarding the
applicability of Sections 2(d) and (e) of the Robinson-Patman Act to
knowing inducement of disproportional promotional allowances. 79 FR
58245 (Sept. 29, 2014). The Guides assist businesses in complying with
sections 2(d) and 2(e) of the Robinson-Patman Act, which proscribe
certain discriminations in the provision of promotional allowances and
services to customers. Broadly put, the Guides provide that unlawful
discrimination may be avoided by providing promotional allowances and
services to customers on ``proportionally equal terms.''
 Vocational Schools Guides, 16 CFR 254. On November 18, 2013, the
Commission amended the Vocational Schools Guides (or the Private
Vocational and Distance Education Schools Guides) to address more
specifically misrepresentations commonly used in recruitment, including
those regarding completion/dropout rates and post-graduation job
prospects; about whether completion of a program will qualify students
to take a licensing exam; concerning a student's score on an admissions
test, how long it takes to complete a course or program, or a student's
likelihood of success; and regarding the likelihood of financial aid or
help with language barriers or learning disabilities, or how much
credit students will receive for courses completed elsewhere. 78 FR
68987. The Vocational School Guides address marketing practices by
businesses that offer vocational training.
Summary
 In both content and process, the FTC's ongoing and proposed
regulatory actions are consistent with the President's priorities. The
actions under consideration inform and protect consumers, while
minimizing the regulatory burdens on businesses. The Commission will
continue working toward these goals. The Commission's 10-year review
program is patterned after provisions in the Regulatory Flexibility Act
and complies with the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996. The Commission's 10-year program also is consistent with
section 5(a) of Executive Order 12866, which directs executive branch
agencies to develop a plan to reevaluate periodically all of their
significant existing regulations. 58 FR 51735 (Sept. 30, 1993). In
addition, the final rules issued by the Commission continue to be
consistent with the President's Statement of Regulatory Philosophy and
Principles, Executive Order 12866, section 1(a), which directs agencies
to promulgate only such regulations as are, inter alia, required by law
or are made necessary by compelling public need, such as material
failures of private markets to protect or improve the health and safety
of the public.
 The Commission continues to identify and weigh the costs and
benefits of proposed actions and possible alternative actions and to
receive the broadest practicable array of comment from affected
consumers, businesses, and the public at large. In sum, the
Commission's regulatory actions are aimed at efficiently and fairly
promoting the ability of ``private markets to protect or improve the
health and safety of the public, the environment, or the well-being of
the American people.'' Executive Order 12866, section 1.

II. Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

The Commission has no proposed rules that would be a ``significant

[[Page 76667]]

regulatory action'' under the definition in Executive Order 12866.\29\
The Commission has no proposed rules that would have significant
international impacts under the definition in Executive Order 13609.
Also, there are no international regulatory cooperation activities that
are reasonably anticipated to lead to significant regulations under
Executive Order 13609.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\29\ Section 3(f) of Executive Order 12866 defines a regulatory
action to be ``significant'' if it is likely to result in a rule
that may:
 (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more
or adversely affect in a material way the economy; a sector of the
economy; productivity; competition; jobs; the environment; public
health or safety; or State, local, or tribal governments or
communities;
 (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with
an action taken or planned by another agency;
 (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs, or the rights and obligations
of recipients thereof; or
 (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in
this Executive order.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

BILLING CODE 6750-01-P

NATIONAL INDIAN GAMING COMMISSION (NIGC)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

In 1988, Congress adopted the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (IGRA)
(Pub L. 100-497, 102 Stat. 2475) with a primary purpose of providing
``a statutory basis for the operation of gaming by Indian tribes as a
means of promoting tribal economic development, self-sufficiency, and
strong tribal governments.'' IGRA established the National Indian
Gaming Commission (NIGC or the Commission) to protect such gaming,
amongst other things, as a means of generating tribal revenue.
 At its core, Indian gaming is a function of sovereignty exercised
by tribal governments. In addition, the Federal government maintains a
government-to-government relationship with the tribes--a responsibility
of the NIGC. Thus, while the Agency is committed to strong regulation
of Indian gaming, the Commission is equally committed to strengthening
government-to-government relations by engaging in meaningful
consultation with tribes to fulfill IGRA's intent. The NIGC's vision is
to adhere to principles of good government, including transparency to
promote agency accountability and fiscal responsibility, to operate
consistently to ensure fairness and clarity in the administration of
IGRA, and to respect the responsibilities of each sovereign in order to
fully promote tribal economic development, self-sufficiency, and strong
tribal governments. The NIGC is fully committed to working with tribes
to ensure the integrity of the industry by exercising its regulatory
responsibilities through technical assistance, compliance, and
enforcement activities.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 As an independent regulatory agency, the NIGC has been performing a
retrospective review of its existing regulations well before Executive
Order 13579 was issued on July 11, 2011. The NIGC, however, recognizes
the importance of Executive Order 13579 and its regulatory review is
being conducted in the spirit of Executive Order 13579, to identify
those regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal
them in accordance with input from the public. In addition, as required
by Executive Order 13175, the Commission has been conducting
government-to-government consultations with tribes regarding each
regulation's relevancy, consistency in application, and limitations or
barriers to implementation, based on the tribes' experiences. The
consultation process is also intended to result in the identification
of areas for improvement and needed amendments, if any, new
regulations, and the possible repeal of outdated regulations.
 The following Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been
identified as associated with the review:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3141-AA32................... Amendment of Definitions.
3141-AA55................... Minimum Internal Control Standards.
3141-AA58................... Amendment of Approval of Management
 Contracts.
3141-AA60................... Class II Minimum Internal Control
 Standards.
3143-AA61................... Self-Regulation of Class II Gaming.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

More specifically, the NIGC is currently considering promulgating
new regulations in the following areas: (i) Amendments to its
regulatory definitions to conform to the newly promulgated rules; (ii)
the removal, revision, or suspension of the existing minimum internal
control standards (MICS) in part 542; (iii) updates or revisions to its
management contract regulations to address the current state of the
industry; (iv) updates and revisions to its Self-Regulation of Class II
Gaming regulations; and (v) the review and revision of the minimum
internal control standards for Class II gaming. The NIGC anticipates
that the ongoing consultations with regulated tribes will continue to
play an important role in the development of the NIGC's rulemaking
efforts.
BILLING CODE 7565-01-P

U.S. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION'S FISCAL YEAR 2014 REGULATORY PLAN

A. Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Under the authority of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended,
and the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as amended, the U.S. Nuclear
Regulatory Commission (NRC) regulates the possession and use of source,
byproduct, and special nuclear material. The NRC's regulatory mission
is to license and regulate the Nation's civilian use of byproduct,
source, and special nuclear materials, to ensure adequate protection of
public health and safety, promote the common defense and security, and
protect the environment. As part of its mission, the NRC regulates the
operation of nuclear power plants and fuel-cycle plants; the
safeguarding of nuclear materials from theft and sabotage; the safe
transport, storage, and disposal of radioactive materials and wastes;
the decommissioning and safe release for other uses of licensed
facilities that are no longer in operation; and the medical,
industrial, and research applications of nuclear material. In addition,
the NRC licenses the import and export of radioactive materials.
 As part of its regulatory process, the NRC routinely conducts
comprehensive

[[Page 76668]]

regulatory analyses that examine the costs and benefits of contemplated
regulations. The NRC has developed internal procedures and programs to
ensure that it imposes only necessary requirements on its licensees and
to review existing regulations to determine whether the requirements
imposed are still necessary.
 The NRC's Regulatory Plan contains a statement of: (1) The major
rules that the NRC expects to publish in final form in fiscal year (FY)
2014 and FY 2015; (2) the other significant rulemakings that the NRC
expects to publish in final form in FY 2014; and (3) the other
significant rulemakings that the NRC expects to publish in final form
in FY 2015 and beyond. For each rule and rulemaking, the NRC is
including a citation to an applicable Federal Register notice, which
provides further information, a summary of the legal basis for the rule
or rulemaking, an explanation of why the NRC is pursuing the rule or
rulemaking, the rulemaking's schedule, and contact information.

B.1. Major Rules (FY 2014)

The NRC will have published one major rule in final form by the end
of FY 2014.
Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for FY 2014 (Regulation
Identifier Number (RIN) 3150-AJ32)
 Through this rule, the NRC will amend the licensing, inspection,
and annual fees charged to its applicants and licensees. The amendments
are necessary to implement the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990, as amended, which requires the NRC to recover through fees
approximately 90 percent of its budget authority in FY 2014, not
including amounts appropriated for Waste Incidental to Reprocessing and
amounts appropriated for generic homeland security activities. These
fees represent the cost of the NRC's services provided to applicants
and licensees. The proposed rule was published in the Federal Register
(FR) on April 14, 2014 (79 FR 21036), and the comment period ended on
May 14, 2014.

B.2. Major Rules (FY 2015)

The NRC anticipates publishing one major rule in final form in FY
2015.
 Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for FY 2015--The NRC will
update its requirement to recover approximately 90 percent of its
budget authority in FY 2015.

C.1. Other Significant Rulemakings (FY 2014)

The NRC has published four other significant rulemakings in final
form in FY 2014. All four rules update the NRC's list of approved spent
fuel storage casks to include amendments to Certificates of Compliance
(CoC). Final rules were published in the FR as follows:
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized NUHOMS[supreg] Cask System;
Amendment No. 11 to CoC No. 1004 (RIN 3150-AJ10), was published on
December 27, 2013 (78 FR 78693), and effective on January 7, 2014.
 HI-STORM 100 Cask System; Amendment No. 9 to CoC No. 1014 (RIN
3150-AJ12), was published on December 26, 2013 (78 FR 78165), and
effective on March 11, 2014.
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized NUHOMS[supreg] Cask System;
Amendment No. 13 to CoC No. 1004 (RIN 3150-AJ28), was published on
March 10, 2014 (79 FR 13192). The final rule will be effective on May
24, 2014.
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized Advanced NUHOMS[supreg] Horizontal
Modular Storage System; Amendment No. 3 to CoC No. 1029 (RIN 3150-
AJ31), was published on April 15, 2014 (79 FR 21121). The NRC is in the
process of considering comments received on this direct final rule.
 The NRC will have published two CoC rules in final form in FY 2014.
 Two CoC Rulemakings (RIN 3150-AJ30; and RIN 3150-AJ39)--These
rulemakings allow a power reactor licensee to store spent fuel in
approved cask designs under a general license.

C.2. Other Significant Rulemakings (FY 2015 and Beyond)

The other significant rulemakings that the NRC anticipates
publishing in final form in FY 2015 and beyond are listed below. Some
of these regulatory priorities are a result of recommendations from the
Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force. In 2011, the NRC established
this task force to examine regulatory requirements, programs,
processes, and implementation based on information from the Fukushima
Dai-ichi site in Japan, following the March 11, 2011, earthquake and
tsunami (see ``Recommendations for Enhancing Reactor Safety in the 21st
Century: The Near-Term Task Force Review of Insights from the Fukushima
Dai-ichi Accident,'' dated July 12, 2011 (Agencywide Documents Access
and Management System (ADAMS) Accession No. ML111861807)).
Station Blackout Mitigation Strategies (RIN 3150-AJ08)
 This rulemaking addresses Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force
Recommendations 4 and 7. The NRC published a draft regulatory basis for
public comment in the Federal Register on April 10, 2013 (78 FR 21275),
supporting the potential amendment of its regulations for nuclear power
plant licensees and their station blackout mitigation strategies. The
NRC issued a final regulatory basis for rulemaking in a document
published in the Federal Register on July 23, 2013 (78 FR 44035).
Performance-Based Emergency Core Cooling System Acceptance Criteria
(RIN 3150-AH42)
 The proposed rule was published in the Federal Register on March
24, 2014 (79 FR 16106). The proposed rule would replace prescriptive
requirements with performance-based requirements, incorporate recent
research findings, and expand applicability to all fuel designs and
cladding materials. Further, the proposed rule would allow licensees to
use an alternative risk-informed approach to evaluate the effects of
debris on long-term cooling. The proposed rule addresses two petitions
for rulemaking (PRMs). On April 22, 2014 (79 FR 22456), a document was
published in the FR extending the comment period until August 21, 2014.
Strengthening and Integrating Onsite Emergency Response Capabilities
(RIN 3150-AJ11)
 This rulemaking addresses Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force
Recommendation 8. The draft regulatory basis for this rulemaking was
published in the FR on January 8, 2013 (78 FR 1154). The NRC solicited
stakeholder feedback on why the NRC finds rulemaking necessary to
revise its regulations governing the integration and enhancement of
requirements for onsite emergency response capabilities. The final
regulatory basis for this rulemaking was published in the FR on October
25, 2013 (78 FR 63901). Preliminary proposed rule language was made
available in a document published in the FR on November 15, 2013 (78 FR
68774).
Medical Use of Byproduct Material (Formerly Titled: Preceptor
Attestation Requirements) (RIN 3150-AI63)
 The proposed rule would amend medical use regulations related to
medical event definitions for permanent implant brachytherapy; training
and experience requirements for authorized users, medical physicists,
Radiation

[[Page 76669]]

Safety Officers, and nuclear pharmacists; and requirements for the
testing and reporting of failed molybdenum/technetium and rubidium
generators. This rule would also make changes that would allow
Associate Radiation Safety Officers to be named on a medical license,
and make other clarifications. This rulemaking would also consider a
request filed in a PRM, PRM-35-20, to ``grandfather'' certain board-
certified individuals, and per Commission direction in the Staff
Requirements Memorandum dated August 13, 2012, to SECY-12-0053 (ADAMS
Accession No. ML12072A299), subsume a proposed rule previously
published under RIN 3150-AI26, ``Medical Use of Byproduct Material-
Amendments/Medical Event Definition'' [NRC-2008-0071].
10 CFR Part 26 Drug and Alcohol Testing (RIN 3150-AJ15)
 This proposed rule would amend the drug testing requirements of 10
CFR part 26, ``Fitness-for-Duty Programs,'' to incorporate lessons
learned from implementing the 2008 10 CFR part 26 final rule; enhance
the identification of new testing subversion methods; and require the
evaluation and testing of semi-synthetic opiates, synthetic drugs and
urine, and use of chemicals or multiple prescriptions that could result
in a person being unfit for duty.
Enhanced Weapons, Firearms Background Checks, and Security Event
Notifications (RIN 3150-AI49)
 The proposed rule was published in the FR on February 2, 2011 (76
FR 6200). A supplemental proposed rule was published in the FR on
January 10, 2013 (78 FR 2214). This proposed rule would implement the
NRC's authority under the new Section 161A of the Atomic Energy Act of
1954, as amended, and revise existing regulations governing security
event notifications.
Cyber Event Notification Rule (RIN 3150-AJ37)
 This rule would establish a new section in 10 CFR part 73,
``Physical Protection of Plants and Materials,'' for cyber security
event notifications. This rule was originally proposed as part of the
Enhanced Weapons rulemaking (RIN 3150-AI49).
Site-Specific Analysis (Disposal of Unique Waste Streams) (RIN 3150-
AI92)
 The proposed rule would amend the Commission's regulations to
require both currently operating and future low-level radioactive waste
disposal facilities to enhance safe disposal of low-level radioactive
waste by conducting a performance assessment and an intruder assessment
to demonstrate compliance with performance objectives in 10 CFR part
61, ``Licensing Requirements for Land Disposal of Radioactive Waste.''
Preliminary proposed rule language was made available in a document
published in the FR on May 3, 2011 (76 FR 24831). The regulatory basis
for rulemaking was made available in a document published in the FR on
December 7, 2012 (77 FR 72997). On January 8, 2013 (78 FR 1155), the
NRC published a document correcting the title and the ADAMS accession
number of the regulatory basis document referenced in the document that
was published on December 7, 2012.
10 CFR Part 26 Drug Testing--U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) Guidelines (RIN 3150-AI67)
 The proposed rule would amend the Commission's regulations to
selectively align drug testing requirements in 10 CFR part 26 with
Federal drug testing guidelines issued by HHS. The regulatory basis was
published in the FR on July 1, 2013 (78 FR 39190).

NRC

Proposed Rule Stage

159. Revision of Fee Schedules: Fee Recovery for FY 2015 [NRC-
2014-0200]

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 2201; 42 U.S.C. 5841
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 170; 10 CFR 171.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, September 30, 2015.
 The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (OBRA-90), as
amended, requires that the NRC recover approximately 90 percent of its
budget authority in Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, less the amounts
appropriated from the Waste Incidental to Reprocessing, and generic
homeland security activities. The OBRA-90 requires that the fees for FY
2015, must be collected by September 30, 2015.
 Abstract: This proposed rulemaking would amend the licensing,
inspection, and annual fees that the Commission charges its applicants
and licensees. These amendments would implement the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1990 (OBRA-90) as amended, which requires that
the NRC recover approximately 90 percent of its budget authority in
Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, less the amounts appropriated from the Waste
Incidental to Reprocessing, and generic homeland security activities.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would amend the licensing
inspection, and annual fees charged to the NRC's licensees and
applicants for an NRC license. The amendments are necessary to recover
approximately 90 percent of the NRC's budget authority for FY 2015 less
the amounts appropriated for non-fee items. The OBRA-90, as amended,
requires that the NRC accomplish the 90 percent recovery through the
assessment of fees. The NRC assesses two types of fees to recover its
budget authority. License and inspection fees are assessed under the
authority of the Independent Offices Appropriation Act of 1952 (IOAA)
to recover the costs of providing individually identifiable services to
specific applicants and licensees (10 CFR part 170). IOAA requires that
the NRC recover the full cost to the NRC of all identifiable regulatory
services that each applicant or licensee receives. The NRC recovers
generic and other regulatory costs not recovered from fees imposed
under 10 CFR part 170 through the assessment of annual fees under the
authority of OBRA-90 (10 CFR part 171). Annual fee charges are
consistent with the guidance in the Conference Committee Report on
OBRA-90. The NRC assesses annual charges under the principle that
licensees who require the greatest expenditure of the Agency's
resources should pay the greatest annual fee.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The OBRA-90, as amended, requires that the
fees for FY 2015 must be collected by September 30, 2015.
 Alternatives: Because this action is mandated by statute and the
fees must be assessed through rulemaking, the NRC did not consider
alternatives to this action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost to the NRC's licensees is
approximately 90 percent of the NRC FY 2015 budget authority less the
amounts appropriated for non-fee items. The estimated dollar amount to
be billed to licensees as fees to the NRC's applicants and licensees
for FY 2015 is approximately $925.2 million.
 Risks: Not applicable.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.

[[Page 76670]]

Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Arlette P. Howard, Nuclear Regulatory Commission,
Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Washington, DC 20555-0001,
Phone: 301 415-1481, Email: arlette.howard@nrc.gov
 RIN: 3150-AJ44
BILLING CODE 7590-01-P

FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR)

I. Mission and Overview

The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) was established to codify
uniform policies for acquisition of supplies and services by executive
agencies. It is issued and maintained jointly, pursuant to the Office
of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) Reauthorization Act, under the
statutory authorities granted to the Secretary of Defense,
Administrator of General Services, and the Administrator, National
Aeronautics and Space Administration. Statutory authorities to issue
and revise the FAR have been delegated to the procurement executives in
Department of Defense (DoD), GSA, and National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA). The FAR Council formulated a plan for a
retrospective analysis of existing rules and a paperwork burden plan in
response to the President's Executive Orders 13563 and 13610. The plan
conducts a periodic review of existing significant regulations and also
focuses on reducing the paperwork burdens on small business. The plan
is located at http://www.acquisition.gov.

II. Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

Federal Acquisition Regulation Priorities

Specific FAR cases that the FAR Council plans to address in Fiscal
Year 2015 include:
Regulations of Concern to Small Businesses
 Small Business Subcontracting Improvements--This case implements
statutory requirements from the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 aimed
at protecting small business subcontractors and increasing
subcontracting opportunities for small business. (FAR Case 2014-003)
 Set-Asides under Multiple Award Contracts--This case implements
statutory requirements from the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and is
aimed at providing agencies with clarifying guidance on how to use
multiple award contracts as a tool to increase Federal contracting
opportunities for small businesses. (FAR Case 2014-002)
 Payment of Subcontractors--This case implements section 1334 of the
Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and the Small Business Administration's
(SBA) Final Rule 78 FR 42391, Small Business Subcontracting. The rule
requires prime contractors of contracts requiring a subcontracting plan
to notify the contracting officer in writing if the prime contractor
pays a reduced price to a subcontractor or if payment is more than 90
days past due. A contracting officer will then use his or her best
judgment in determining whether the late or reduced payment was
justified and if not the contracting officer will record the identity
of a prime contractor with a history of unjustified untimely payments
to subcontractors in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity
Information System (FAPIIS) or any successor system. (FAR Case 2014-
004)
 Consolidation of Contract Requirements--This case implements
section 1313 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and SBA's final
rule to ensure that decisions made by Federal agencies regarding
consolidation of contract requirements are made with a view to
providing small businesses with appropriate opportunities to
participate as prime and subcontractors. (FAR Case 2014-015)
 Clarification of Requirement for Justifications for 8(a) Sole-
Source Contracts--This case amends the FAR in response to GAO Report to
the Chairman, Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight, Committee on
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, entitled
Federal Contracting: Slow Start to Implementation of Justifications for
8(a) Sole-Source Contracts (GAO-13-118 dated December 2012). The GAO
report indicated that the FAR is not clear on whether a justification
is required and suggested that clarifying guidance is needed to help
ensure that agencies are applying the justification requirement
consistently. Based on GAO's recommendation, this case further
clarifies the processes and procedures in the FAR to ensure uniform,
consistent, and coherent guidance regarding the use of sole-source 8(a)
justifications. (FAR Case 2013-018)
 Contracts under the Small Business Administration 8(a) Program--
This case clarifies FAR subpart 19.8, ``Contracting with the Small
Business Administration (The 8(a) Program).'' Clarifications include
the evaluation, offering, and acceptance process for requirements under
the 8(a) program, procedures for acquiring SBA's consent to procure an
8(a) requirement outside the 8(a) program, and the impact of exiting
the 8(a) program in terms of the firm's ability to receive future 8(a)
requirements and its current contractual commitments. (FAR Case 2012-
022)

Regulations Which Promote Fiscal Responsibility

Notification of Pass-Through Contracts--This case implements
section 802 of the NDAA for FY 2013. Section 802 requires in those
instances where an offeror for a contract, task order, or delivery
order informs the agency pursuant to FAR 52.215-22 of their intention
to award subcontracts for more than 70 percent of the total cost of
work to be performed under the contract, task order, or delivery order,
the contracting officer is required to (1) consider the availability of
alternative contract vehicles and the feasibility of contracting
directly with a subcontractor or subcontractors that will perform the
bulk of the work; (2) make a written determination that the contracting
approach selected is in the best interest of the Government; and (3)
document the basis for such determination. (FAR Case 2013-012)
 Limitation on Allowable Government Contractor Compensation Costs--
This interim rule implements section 702 of the Bipartisan Budget Act
of 2013. In accordance with section 702, the interim rule revises the
allowable cost limit relative to the compensation of contractor and
subcontractor employees. Also, in accordance with section 702, this
interim rule implements the possible exception to this allowable cost
limit for scientists, engineers, or other specialists upon an agency
determination that such exceptions are needed to ensure that the
executive agency has continued access to needed skills and
capabilities. (FAR Case 2014-012)

Regulations Which Promote Ethics and Integrity in Contractor
Performance

Information on Corporate Contractor Performance and Integrity--This
case implements section 852 of the NDAA for FY 2013 (Pub. L. 112-239).
Section 852 requires that the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity
Information System (FAPPIIS) include, to the extent practicable,
identification of any immediate owner or subsidiary, and all
predecessors of an offeror that held a Federal contract or grant within
the last three years. The objective is to provide a more comprehensive
understanding of the performance and integrity of a

[[Page 76671]]

contractor in awarding a Federal contract. (FAR Case 2013-020)
 Trafficking in Persons--This case implements Executive Order 13627,
and title XVII of the NDAA for FY 2013, to strengthen protections
against trafficking in persons in Federal contracts. The case creates a
stronger framework and additional requirements related to awareness,
compliance, and enforcement. Contractors and subcontractors must
disclose to employees the key conditions of employment, starting with
wages and work location. (FAR Case 2013-001)
 Prohibition on Contracting with Corporations with Delinquent Taxes
or a Felony Conviction--This case implements multiple sections of the
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76) to prohibit
using any of the funds appropriated by the Act to enter into a contract
with any corporation with a delinquent Federal tax liability or a
felony conviction. (FAR case 2014-019)
 Prohibition On Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--
This case implements section 733 of Division E of the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76), which prohibits expenditure
of appropriated funds for contracts with a foreign incorporated entity
that is treated as an inverted domestic corporation or any subsidiary
of such entity. The FAR is being updated to (1) revise the methods used
to implement the inverted domestic corporation contracting prohibition;
(2) amend the definition to clarify entities considered to be an
inverted domestic corporation; (3) revise the representation to require
two affirmative yes/no representations with respect to inverted
domestic corporation status; and require a contractor to promptly
inform the contracting officer, in writing, in the event the contractor
becomes either an inverted domestic corporation or a subsidiary of an
inverted domestic corporation during the performance of the contract.
(FAR Case 2014-017)

Regulations Which Promote Accountability and Transparency

Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code--This case requires
the use of CAGE codes, an alpha-numeric identifier used extensively
throughout the Government, for awards valued greater than the
micropurchase threshold. The case also requires identification of the
immediate corporate/organization parent and highest level corporate/
organization parent during contractor registration for Federal
contracts. The goal is to provide for standardization across the
Federal government, and to facilitate data collection as means of
promoting increased traceability and transparency. (FAR Case 2012-014)
 Uniform Procurement Identification--This case requires the use of a
unique identifier for contracting offices and a standard unique
Procurement Instrument Identification Number for transactions. The goal
is to provide for standardization across the Federal government and to
facilitate data tracking and collection. (FAR Case 2012-023)
 Uniform Use of Line Items--This case establishes a requirement for
use of a standardized uniform line item numbering structure in Federal
procurement. This case is one component of the effort to implement
Federal spending data standards in Federal procurement. This effort
will help improve analysis and management decision that can reduce
duplication in Federal spending, reduce costs for recipients of Federal
dollars by reducing variations in standards for reporting and billing
purposes, and provide greater transparency on outcomes of spending.
(FAR Case 2013-014)
 Privacy Training--This case creates a FAR clause to require
contractors that (1) need access to a system of records, (2) handle
personally identifiable information, or (3) design, develop, maintain,
or operate a system of records on behalf of the Government have their
personnel complete privacy training. This addition complies with
subsections (e) (agency requirements) and (m) (Government contractors)
of the Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a). (FAR Case 2010-013)

Regulations That Promote Protection of Government Information and
Systems

Basic Safeguarding of Contractor Information Systems--This case
amends the FAR to implement procedures for safeguarding contractor
information systems that contain information provided by or generated
for the Government. The purpose of these safeguards is to provide the
Government with the necessary assurance that contractors are taking
basic security measures on their information systems containing
Government information. (FAR Case 2011-020)
 Expanded Reporting of Nonconforming Items--This case expands
Government and contractor requirements for reporting of nonconforming
items. A nonconforming item includes items that are likely to result in
failure of the supplies or services, or materially reduces the
usability of the supplies or services for their intended purpose. It is
a partial implementation of section 818 of the NDAA for FY 2012. (FAR
Case 2013-002)
 Higher-Level Contract Quality Requirements--This case clarifies
when to use higher-level quality standards in solicitations and
contracts. The rule also updates the examples of higher-level quality
standards by removing obsolete standards and adding new industry
standards that pertain to quality assurance for avoidance of
counterfeit items. (FAR Case 2012-032)

Regulations Which Promote Fair Labor Practices

Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces--This rule implements Executive Order
13673, Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces, seeks to increase efficiency in
the work performed by Federal contractors by ensuring that they
understand and comply with labor laws designed to promote safe,
healthy, fair and effective workplaces. (FAR Case 2014-025)
 Minimum wage for contractors--This rule implements Executive Order
13658, Establishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors, requires agencies,
to the extent permitted by law, to include a clause in new
solicitations and resultant contract specifying, as a condition of
payment, that the minimum wage to be paid to workers, in the
performance of the contract or any subcontract there under, shall be at
least $10.10 per hour beginning January 1, 2015.
 Equal Employment and Affirmative Action for Veterans and
Individuals with Disabilities--This rule implements DOL regulations at
41 CFR 60-250 and 60-300 designed to promote equal opportunity for
veterans and individuals with disabilities. (FAR case 2014-013)

Regulations That Promote Environmental Goals

EPEAT Items--This case expands the Federal requirement to procure
EPEAT[supreg]-registered products beyond personal computer products to
cover imaging equipment (i.e., copiers, digital duplicators, facsimile
machines, mailing machines, multifunction devices, printers, and
scanners) and televisions and modify the existing FAR requirements to
recognize the revised standard applicable to computer products. (FAR
Case 2013-016)
 High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons-- This case
implements the President's Climate Action Plan by setting forth
policies and procedures for the acquisition of items that contain, use,
or are manufactured with ozone-depleting substances; or contain or use
high global warming potential hydrofluorocarbons.

[[Page 76672]]

Contractors shall refer to EPA's Significant New Alternatives Policy
(SNAP) program (available at http://www.epa.gov/ozone/snap) which has
additional information and a list of alternatives to ozone-depleting
substances and lower global warming hydrofluorocarbons. (FAR Case 2014-
026)

Dated: September 19, 2014
Jeffrey A. Koses,
Senior Procurement Executive/Deputy CAO, Office of Acquisition Policy,
U.S. General Services Administration.
[FR Doc. 2014-28927 Filed 12-19-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 6820-EP-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Ranking Member Stabenow Applauds New Report Showing Grow It Here, Make It Here
Initiative Strengthens Economy, Supports Millions of American Jobs

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition & Forestry has issued the
following press release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded a new report by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) showing the economic benefits of the biobased
industry in the United States. The in-depth report, which Stabenow called for in
her 2014 Farm Bill, found that four million American jobs are related to the
biobased industry, contributing $369 billion to the economy.

Additionally, USDA announced today changes to the BioPreferred program as well
as a proposed expansion of the former Biorefinery Assistance Program to help
accelerate the creation of more advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals, and
biobased product manufacturing in the United States. The program has also been
renamed the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program.  Both additions were made possible by Stabenow's 2014 Farm
Bill.

"To have a strong economy we must grow things and make things and biobased
products are the perfect combination of both," Ranking Member Stabenow said.
"That's why the Farm Bill created new opportunities, like those announced today,
to support biobased manufacturing. With four million Americans benefiting from
this industry and our economy seeing $365 billion in added value, we must
continue moving forward with policies that grow this sector and support these
jobs."

The report, entitled An Economic Impact Analysis of the U.S. Biobased Products
Industry, is the first federally-sponsored report evaluating the impact of the
biobased industry on the U.S. economy. Currently, biobased products are involved
in seven of the largest economic sectors of the economy, they are: agriculture
and forestry, biorefining, biobased chemicals, enzymes, bioplastics bottles and
packaging, forest products, and textiles.  The report also included data
pointing to the benefit of the bio-economy in individual states. More
information can be found here.

Today's announcement is also a major step forward in providing manufacturers
with assistance in diversifying the bio-economy. Now, thanks to Stabenow's
efforts in the Farm Bill, the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manufacturing Assistance Program will provide loan guarantees of up to
$250 million for the construction and retrofitting of facilities to enable the
production of renewable chemicals and other products in addition to advance
biofuels.

Stabenow has been a steadfast advocate for expanding support to biobased
companies. In June 2014, Stabenow held a hearing in the Agriculture Committee
entitled  Grow it Here, Make it Here: Creating Jobs through Biobased
Manufacturing. Following that hearing, Stabenow sponsored more than 35 biobased
companies and organizations from 25 states to provide firsthand insights into
how important biobased manufacturing has been in growing their manufacturing
operations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels and Plant-Based
Products

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks. The 2014
Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and biobased
product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up to $250
million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale biorefineries and to
develop renewable chemicals and biobased product manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels and Plant-Based
Products

LENGTH: 583  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks.



 The 2014 Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and
biobased product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up
to $250 million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale
biorefineries and to develop renewable chemicals and biobased product
manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In 2011, under this program, USDA provided Sapphire Energy a $54.5 million loan
guarantee to build a refined algal oil commercial facility. Sapphire's "Green
Crude Farm" in Columbus, N.M., is an example of how USDA funding and
partnerships with the private sector are helping to support the development of
biorefineries.



 The plant opened in May 2012 and is producing renewable algal oil that can be
further refined to replace petroleum-derived diesel and jet fuel. According to
the company, more than 600 jobs were created during the first phase of
construction at the facility and 30 full-time employees currently operate the
plant. After Sapphire received additional equity from private investors, it
repaid the remaining balance on its USDA-backed loan in 2013.



 USDA is helping to develop the bioeconomy, which has the potential to spur
unprecedented growth in the rural economy by creating opportunities for the
production, distribution and sale of biobased products and fuels. For example,
USDA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy and the Navy to create
advanced drop-in biofuels that will power both the Department of Defense and
private-sector transportation throughout America.



 Over the course of this Administration, USDA has invested $332 million to
accelerate research on renewable energy ranging from genomic research on
bioenergy feedstock crops, to development of biofuel conversion processes and
cost/benefit estimates of renewable energy production. For more information on
how renewable energy factors into USDA's work to reduce greenhouse gases, visit
the latest chapter of USDA's Medium entry, How Food and Forestry Are Adapting to
a Changing Climate.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels and Plant-Based
Products

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks.



 The 2014 Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and
biobased product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up
to $250 million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale
biorefineries and to develop renewable chemicals and biobased product
manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               10 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels and Plant-Based
Products

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks.



 The 2014 Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and
biobased product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up
to $250 million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale
biorefineries and to develop renewable chemicals and biobased product
manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Help Develop Advanced
Biofuels and Biobased Products

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks. The 2014
Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and biobased
product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up to $250
million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale biorefineries and to
develop renewable chemicals and biobased product manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In 2011, under this program, USDA provided Sapphire Energy a $54.5 million loan
guarantee to build a refined algal oil commercial facility. Sapphire's "Green
Crude Farm" in Columbus, N.M., is an example of how USDA funding and
partnerships with the private sector are helping to support the development of
biorefineries.



 The plant opened in May 2012 and is producing renewable algal oil that can be
further refined to replace petroleum-derived diesel and jet fuel. According to
the company, more than 600 jobs were created during the first phase of
construction at the facility and 30 full-time employees currently operate the
plant. After Sapphire received additional equity from private investors, it
repaid the remaining balance on its USDA-backed loan in 2013.



 USDA is helping to develop the bioeconomy, which has the potential to spur
unprecedented growth in the rural economy by creating opportunities for the
production, distribution and sale of biobased products and fuels. For example,
USDA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy and the Navy to create
advanced drop-in biofuels that will power both the Department of Defense and
private-sector transportation throughout America. Over the course of this
Administration, USDA has invested $332 million to accelerate research on
renewable energy ranging from genomic research on bioenergy feedstock crops, to
development of biofuel conversion processes and cost/benefit estimates of
renewable energy production. For more information on how renewable energy
factors into USDA's work to reduce greenhouse gases, visit the latest chapter of
USDA's Medium entry, How Food and Forestry Are Adapting to a Changing
ClimateThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 The Department has also taken steps to support biobased product manufacturing
that promises to create new jobs across rural America - including adding new
categories of qualified biobased products for Federal procurement and
establishing reporting by Federal contractors of biobased product purchases. The
more than 2,200 products that have received certification to display the USDA
Certified Biobased Product label are creating and increasing consumer and
commercial awareness about a material's biobased content as one measure of its
environmental footprint. A 2015 USDA study of the bioeconomy found that the
biobased products industry generates $369 billion and 4 million jobs each year
for our economy. Biobased products industries directly employ approximately 1.5
million people, while an additional 2.5 million jobs are supported in other
sectors.



 For this announcement, USDA will seek applications in two cycles. Applications
for the first funding cycle are due October 3, 2016. Applications for the second
cycle are due April 3, 2017. For more information, see page 48377 of the July
25, 2016, Federal Register. Application materials can be found on USDA's Rural
Development website.



 In October 2015, Rural Development implemented a redesigned two-phase
application process. This new process helps the Agency identify the projects
that have made the most progress in the development stage and have the greatest
capacity for implementation and loan closing. The first two application cycles
under the new process yielded complete applications from projects producing
biogas, biodiesel, cellulosic ethanol, biobased lubricants and oils, lignin cake
and syrup, and fertilizers.



 Eligible borrowers include individuals, corporations, federally-recognized
tribes, units of state or local government, farm cooperatives and co-op
organizations, associations of agricultural producers, national laboratories,
institutions of higher education, rural electric cooperatives, public power
entities - or a consortium of any of these borrower types. Entities that receive
program financing must provide at least 20 percent of the funding for eligible
project costs.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               12 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       July 16, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

BIO CEO Participates in Stakeholder Forum on Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 336  words


July 16 -- Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) President and CEO Jim
Greenwood was invited to make a presentation and participate in today's national
stakeholder forum, hosted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, to announce the
new Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program ("Section 9003 Program"). The Section 9003 Program provides
loan guarantees to biorefineries, which promote U.S. energy independence, rural
job creation and new markets for agriculture.

Greenwood released the following statement:

"For more than 15 years, BIO and its member companies have been advocating the
development of biorefineries that produce not only biofuels, but also renewable
chemicals and other consumer products. Renewable chemical companies are
increasingly cost competitive with petrochemicals and there is growing consumer
demand for biobased products. But many renewable chemical companies still face
challenges raising the private capital necessary for commercialization, and they
are at a disadvantage when competing for capital without a level playing field
in the public policy arena. With proper implementation, we believe the Section
9003 program will provide greater access to capital and equity for biorefineries
that primarily produce renewable chemicals and biobased products and will help
spur the private investment needed to finance important new innovations that are
on the horizon.

"One of our top priorities in recent years has been key titles in the Farm Bill
that support and encourage commercialization of not only biofuels and
bioproducts, but also renewable chemicals. We have advocated for expanding the
biorefinery program and had many champions supporting these efforts. I
particularly want to recognize the work and leadership of Senator Debbie
Stabenow (D-Mich.) on these Farm Bill energy titles and to thank Secretary
Vilsack for his leadership in helping to get this provision appropriately
implemented."

Source: Biotechnology Industry Organization

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       July 16, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

BIO CEO Participates in Stakeholder Forum on Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical,
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program

LENGTH: 336  words


July 16 -- Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) President and CEO Jim
Greenwood was invited to make a presentation and participate in today's national
stakeholder forum, hosted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, to announce the
new Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program ("Section 9003 Program"). The Section 9003 Program provides
loan guarantees to biorefineries, which promote U.S. energy independence, rural
job creation and new markets for agriculture.

Greenwood released the following statement:

"For more than 15 years, BIO and its member companies have been advocating the
development of biorefineries that produce not only biofuels, but also renewable
chemicals and other consumer products. Renewable chemical companies are
increasingly cost competitive with petrochemicals and there is growing consumer
demand for biobased products. But many renewable chemical companies still face
challenges raising the private capital necessary for commercialization, and they
are at a disadvantage when competing for capital without a level playing field
in the public policy arena. With proper implementation, we believe the Section
9003 program will provide greater access to capital and equity for biorefineries
that primarily produce renewable chemicals and biobased products and will help
spur the private investment needed to finance important new innovations that are
on the horizon.

"One of our top priorities in recent years has been key titles in the Farm Bill
that support and encourage commercialization of not only biofuels and
bioproducts, but also renewable chemicals. We have advocated for expanding the
biorefinery program and had many champions supporting these efforts. I
particularly want to recognize the work and leadership of Senator Debbie
Stabenow (D-Mich.) on these Farm Bill energy titles and to thank Secretary
Vilsack for his leadership in helping to get this provision appropriately
implemented."

Source: Biotechnology Industry Organization

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: New Report Shows U.S. Biobased Products Industry Contributes $369
Billion, 4 Million Jobs to American Economy

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 17, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
the release of a new report that shows the U.S. biobased industry is generating
substantial economic activity and American jobs. He also announced changes under
the 2014 Farm Bill that will create additional opportunities for growth in
renewable plant-based materials, supporting the Obama Administration's efforts
to develop a new, rural economy and promote creation of sustainable jobs.

"This report is the first to examine and quantify the effect of the U.S.
biobased products industry from an economics and jobs perspective. Before, we
could only speculate at the incredible economic impact of the biobased products
industry. Now, we know that in 2013 alone, America's biobased industry
contributed four million jobs and $369 billion to our economy," Vilsack said.
"Today, we are also adding to the number of innovative products carrying USDA's
BioPreferred® label and expanding options for our nation's biorefineries. This
means small businesses and global companies alike can continue to harness the
power of America's farms and forests to create new and innovative biobased
products that are used all around the world."

According to the Economic Impact of the Biobased Product Industry report, each
job in the biobased products industry is responsible for generating 1.64 jobs in
other sectors of the economy. In 2013, 1.5 million jobs directly supported the
biobased product industry, resulting in 1.1 million indirect jobs in related
industries, and another 1.4 million induced jobs produced from the purchase of
goods and services generated by the direct and indirect jobs.

The report builds on the " Why Biobased?" report released by the USDA in October
2014. Estimates are that the use of biobased products currently displaces about
300 million gallons of petroleum per year - equivalent to taking 200,000 cars
off the road.

The Secretary also announced changes to include new forest products in the
BioPreferred program, along with proposed changes to the former Biorefinery
Assistance Program to assist in the development of cutting-edge technologies for
advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals, and biobased product manufacturing.

The final BioPreferred® program rules will no longer exclude mature market
products (those that had a significant market share prior to 1972), providing
consumers with more innovative wood products and other materials carrying USDA
BioPreferred® label. Forest products that meet biobased content requirements,
notwithstanding the market share the product holds, the age of the product, or
whether the market for the product is new or emerging, also now meet the
definition of "biobased product."

The Secretary also said today that USDA is making improvements to its
Biorefinery Assistance Program (Section 9003). The program, which was renamed as
the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program as part of the program's Farm Bill reauthorization, provides
loan guarantees of up to $250 million for the construction and retrofitting of
commercial scale biorefineries and biobased product manufacturing facilities. In
a rule that will be published in the Federal Register next week, biorefineries
that receive funding are allowed to produce more renewable chemicals and other
biobased products, and not primarily advanced biofuels. Also, biobased product
manufacturing facilities would be eligible to convert renewable chemicals and
other biobased outputs of biorefineries into "end-user" products. The new
regulations also implement a streamlined application process.

Created by the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized and expanded as part of the 2014
Farm Bill, the USDA BioPreferred program's purpose is to spur economic
development, create new jobs and provide new markets for farm commodities. The
BioPreferred program commissioned the independent Economic Impact of the
Biobased Product Industry report, which is primarily authored by Dr. Jay Golden,
Director of Duke University's Center for Sustainability & Commerce, and Dr.
Robert Handfield, Professor of Supply Chain Management at North Carolina State
University's Poole College of Management.

The report found that the seven major overarching sectors that represent the
U.S. biobased products industry's contribution to the U.S. economy are:
agriculture and forestry, biorefining, biobased chemicals, enzymes, bioplastic
bottles and packaging, forest products, and textiles.

The study also includes location quotients by state to show the impact of the
industry on individual states. Seven case studies are presented from
stakeholders such as The Coca-Cola Company and PlantBottle packaging, Patagonia,
and Ford.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               15 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

House Appropriators Shortchange Rural America on Jobs and Economic Growth, AgEC
Says

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Washington


Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following news release:

The House Appropriations Committee's Fiscal Year 2016 Agriculture Appropriations
Bill would reduce mandatory spending levels for important Energy Title programs,
including the Renewable Energy for America Program, Biomass Crop Assistance
Program, and the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program (Section 9003). The Agriculture Energy
Coalition (AgEC) today vowed to fight the changes in mandatory spending.

Lloyd Ritter, co-director of the AgEC, said, "The renewable energy and energy
efficiency programs in the Farm Bill help rural America create new manufacturing
opportunities and stable, well-paying jobs. A new report to Congress, released
just yesterday, demonstrates the broad economic impact of innovative biobased
technology. The biobased products industry contributes $369 billion annually to
the U.S. economy and employs more than four million Americans. The more than
40,000 biobased products already on the market displace about 300 million
gallons of petroleum per year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off
the road. Countless wind, solar, biomass and other projects are making a major
impact as well.

"Nevertheless, the House Appropriations Committee is seeking to roll back the
mandatory funding levels Congress agreed to last year when passing the
bi-partisan Farm Bill. For Fiscal Year 2016, the House bill proposes cutting
millions from the Section 9003 program, the Biomass Crop Assistance Program, and
the Renewable Energy for America Program. Such reductions in the mandatory
funding levels that Congress previously set will undermine the ongoing
effectiveness of these programs. The Agriculture Energy Coalition, comprising
renewable energy, energy efficiency and agricultural groups, will continue to
fight to ensure that these programs are implemented successfully."

The AgEC is a broad membership-based consortium of organizations and companies
representing a broad spectrum of clean, renewable energy, energy efficiency and
bioproducts stakeholders. It includes members focused on feedstock production
and conversion technologies, rural economic development and diversification,
biofuels, products and power, and renewable electricity production,
environmental quality, and others. Coalition members are committed to seeing a
properly implemented and fully funded energy title in the bi-partisan 2014 farm
bill that builds on the tremendous clean energy accomplishments USDA has already
realized and provides resources to USDA at a level that enables them to continue
and expand this important mission.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

While Congress Preps Budget Extension, A Look at Energy and Climate
Appropriations

LENGTH: 1537  words


Washington, D.C.: Environmental and Energy Study Institute has issued the
following news release:

On September 9, Chairman Hal Rogers (R-KY) of the Appropriations Committee
introduced a "clean" draft of a joint House and Senate Continuing Resolution
(CR) to keep the government funded until the end of the fiscal year (FY),
September 30, 2014. Continuing Resolutions allow agencies to continue
functioning using the previous year's budget, for a set and limited amount of
time - a clean CR refers to the fact that no amendments were added to the
resolution. Passing a CR is necessary as Congress has just under two weeks left
in the legislative calendar before recessing until after the Midterm elections.
A CR also opens up the possibility of another government shutdown, since the CR
expires on December 11th, after which either a new CR or all 12 separate
appropriations bills must be passed.

Due to the CR, the appropriations bills passed in both Senate and House
committees this summer will not be reflected in initial FY2015 spending. All of
the House and Senate appropriations bills that passed through committee earlier
this year have followed the spending levels set by the Murray/Ryan Budget, from
budget committee chairs Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) and Representative Ryan
(R-WI), in late 2013.  Controversial appropriations amendments passed in the
House typically result in a bill not passing through the Senate. However, since
the Republican's majority in the House is not expected to dramatically change
after the mid-term elections, the FY2015 appropriations package reflects the
House Majority's priorities for FY2015 and beyond. Therefore, it is possible
that some of these amendments could make their way into FY2016 appropriations
bills.

Prior to the introduction of the draft CR, the House passed seven appropriations
bills. The Senate did not vote on any of these bills, but the Senate
appropriations committee passed eight appropriations bills of their own. Below
is a list of some of the more controversial spending cuts and amendments to a
variety of agencies' appropriations for FY2015 proposed by the House. In
general, the House majority has sought to cut funding or otherwise limit the
federal government's ability to conduct programs related to climate change or
renewable energy, such as climate change monitoring, lowering greenhouse gas
emissions, energy efficiency measures and renewable energy technologies.

Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act,
2015 (HR 5171)

On July 18, the House Appropriations Committee approved the FY2015 Department of
Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies (HR 5171) appropriations bill on a
29-19 vote.

Funds the Department of the Interior (DOI), the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA), the Department of Agriculture (USDA) for the U.S. Forest Service, and
other related agencies.
    Provides $30.2 billion for these agencies, which is $409 million below the
President's budget. As written, this bill would halt all funding for the EPA's
efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from new and existing power plants
under Sections 111(b) and (d) of the Clean Air Act. Section 420 of the bill
prohibits the ability to issue permits under Title V of the Clean Air Act for
"carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, and methane emissions resulting
from biological processes associated with livestock production," while Section
421 of the bill prohibits funds from being used to report greenhouse gas
emissions from manure management systems.

Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (HR
4923)

On July 10, the House passed the 2015 Energy and Water appropriations bill (HR
4923) with a bipartisan vote of 253-170.

Funds some areas of national defense (such as atomic energy defense weapons
activities, defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, defense environmental
cleanup, etc.), the Army Corps of Engineers, certain programs under the
Department of Energy (DOE), certain programs under the Department of the
Interior, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC), and other related agencies.
    Provides $34 billion to these agencies, a $50 million reduction from the
previous year and $327 million above the President's request.

Relevant Amendments:

Rep. Lankford (R-OK) introduced an amendment which passed 227 to191, that would
prohibit the use of the Social Cost of Carbon (SCC), which is used by the
federal government to estimate economic consequences of a climate change. By
prohibiting the use of the SCC, climate considerations would not be taken into
account in federal rulemaking.
    Rep. Cassidy (R-LA) proposed an amendment which passed  232 to187, that
prohibits the use of a DOE report entitled, "Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas
Perspective on Exporting Liquefied Natural Gas from the United States."
     Rep. Burgess (R-TX) introduced an amendment that would prohibit the
implementation and enforcement of light bulb standards in the Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Pub.L. 110-140). The amendment passed 226
to 193.
     Rep. Gosar (R-AZ) introduced a similar amendment to prohibit the use of
high-efficiency or indoor water-efficient toilets, which passed on a voice vote.
Rep. Gosar also introduced an amendment prohibiting the funding for DOE's
Climate Model Development and Validation program, which passed 226 to 194.
    Both Rep. Stockman (R-TX) and Rep. Weber (R-TX) introduced amendments
related to offshore projects. Stockman's amendment, which was adopted on a vote
of 218 to204, would prohibit DOE from blocking offshore drilling permits and
Weber's amendment, which also passed, would block the controversial Cape Wind
Project.
     Rep. Walberg (R-MI) introduced an amendment that would prohibit funding for
a national media campaign in support of green technology, which passed on a
voice vote.
     Rep. McKinley (R-WV) introduced an amendment that would cut federal funding
for the United Nations, including funding for the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change (IPCC) and Agenda 21 (non-binding sustainable development goals).
Funding would also be cut for the National Climate Assessment (NCA), an effort
of 13 federal agencies to quantify climate change in the United States, and the
Social Cost of Carbon calculation. This amendment passed 229 to188. The same
amendment was also passed on a voice vote as part of the Department of Defense
Appropriations act (HR 4870).

Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (HR 4870)

On June 20, the House passed the Defense appropriations bill (HR 4870) with a
bipartisan vote of 340-73.

Funds security requirements, military operations abroad, as well as programs to
provide help regarding health and quality-of-life for those serving in the Armed
Forces and their families.
    Provides $491 billion in discretionary funding, which is an increase from
2014 levels and $200 million above the President's request.
    Passed with 52 amendments.

Relevant Amendments:

Rep. McClintock (R-CA) included an amendment that would prohibit the military
from funding green energy programs, which passed by voice vote.
    Rep. Flores (R-TX) introduced an amendment that would prohibit the military
from using Section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act. Section 526
prohibits federal agencies from using fuel sources that have higher greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions than conventional petroleum sources.
    Rep. McKinley (R-WV) introduced an amendment that cuts federal funding to
United Nations climate programs as well as federal climate programs, which
passed by a voice vote. (This amendment was also attached to the Energy and
Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act).

Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (HR 4800)

On May 29, the House Appropriations Committee passed the Agriculture
appropriations bill (HR 4800) on a 31-18 vote.

Funds agricultural and food programs and services, including: product safety,
health and nutrition programs, rural development and farm services, and
marketplace oversight.
    Provides $142.5 billion overall, with $20.9 billion for discretionary
spending, the same level of discretionary spending as was enacted in 2014.

Under the process known as Changes in Mandatory Program Spending (CHIMPS), the
House bill would fund Energy Title programs at $89 million for FY 2015 -- down
from the $147 million level provided in mandatory funding in the 2014 Farm Bill
(a 39 percent cut). The cuts target three critical programs, with proposed
funding levels as follows:

Biomass Crop Assistance Program, which would be reduced from $25 million under
the Farm Bill to $15 million;
    Rural Energy for America Program (REAP provides grants for renewable energy
and energy efficiency improvements), would be reduced from $50 million in the
Farm Bill to $30 million;
    Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance program, would be reduced from $50 million in the Farm Bill to $22
million.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Novus Energy Awarded $11 Million Federal Loan Guarantee to Build Innovative
Biorefinery

LENGTH: 416  words


March 3 -- Company leaders at Minneapolis-based Novus Energy say the future is
brighter and "greener" for Americans today with last week's USDA announcement of
an $11 million dollar federal loan guarantee to Novus Energy that will help it
build a new, innovative biorefinery plant. Rural Development Under Secretary
Lisa Mensah pledged federal support for the Boardman, Oregon plant in the Port
of Morrow. "The USDA is proud to support innovative, biobased projects such as
this one," said Mensah. Novus Energy President and CEO Joe Burke says this is
great news for both the Pacific Northwest and Minnesota. "This will help us in
the financing of this ground-breaking project, and also create economic
development in both areas of the country," he said.

The $22 million dollar five-acre plant will apply the company's highly efficient
Novus Bio-Catalytic System (NBC) to convert non food organic materials into
renewable natural gas (methane) and organic fertilizer in a fraction of the time
as compared to traditional industry "digesters." "It's innovative-our technology
produces gas in 4 days instead of 15 to 20 days and we convert 90 percent of the
organics rather than the 50-60 percent industry average," said Burke. "It is
truly an innovative technology that benefits the environment." The project also
benefits the region, says Port of Morrow General Manager Gary Neal, "Novus is
good for all of our industries, taking unwanted waste and reusing it to turn it
into something of value. It's a win-win for everyone."

The company was chosen among six finalists for a loan guarantee by the USDA in
its Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program. "This biorefinery will spur economic development, create new
jobs and provide new products for farm commodities in rural Oregon," said
Mensah. This is only the second time the USDA has offered such assistance loans,
funded by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"We've been working on this project for over three years," Burke said. "Our
selection into this program validates our technology-this is an accelerator for
us." Securing the debt for the project with this loan, he says, helps Novus stay
on track to break ground for the plant in 2016 and get production under way next
year. The Novus Pacific project, as it's called, is projected to create a total
of about 55 jobs in its construction phase-workers who will help the U.S. become
more energy independent and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Source: Novus Energy

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Arkansas: New Report Shows U.S. Biobased Products Industry Contributes $369
Billion, 4 Million Jobs to American Economy

LENGTH: 934  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the release of a new report
that shows the U.S. biobased industry is generating substantial economic
activity and American jobs. He also announced changes under the 2014 Farm Bill
that will create additional opportunities for growth in renewable plant-based
materials, supporting the Obama Administration's efforts to develop a new, rural
economy and promote creation of sustainable jobs.

"This report is the first to examine and quantify the effect of the U.S.
biobased products industry from an economics and jobs perspective. Before, we
could only speculate at the incredible economic impact of the biobased products
industry. Now, we know that in 2013 alone, America's biobased industry
contributed four million jobs and $369 billion to our economy," Vilsack said.
"Today, we are also adding to the number of innovative products carrying USDA's
BioPreferred® label and expanding options for our nation's biorefineries. This
means small businesses and global companies alike can continue to harness the
power of America's farms and forests to create new and innovative biobased
products that are used all around the world."

According to the Economic Impact of the Biobased Product Industry report, each
job in the biobased products industry is responsible for generating 1.64 jobs in
other sectors of the economy. In 2013, 1.5 million jobs directly supported the
biobased product industry, resulting in 1.1 million indirect jobs in related
industries, and another 1.4 million induced jobs produced from the purchase of
goods and services generated by the direct and indirect jobs.

The report builds on the " Why Biobased?" report released by the USDA in October
2014. Estimates are that the use of biobased products currently displaces about
300 million gallons of petroleum per year - equivalent to taking 200,000 cars
off the road.

The Secretary also announced changes to include new forest products in the
BioPreferred program, along with proposed changes to the former Biorefinery
Assistance Program to assist in the development of cutting-edge technologies for
advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals, and biobased product manufacturing.

The final BioPreferred® program rules will no longer exclude mature market
products (those that had a significant market share prior to 1972), providing
consumers with more innovative wood products and other materials carrying USDA
BioPreferred® label. Forest products that meet biobased content requirements,
notwithstanding the market share the product holds, the age of the product, or
whether the market for the product is new or emerging, also now meet the
definition of "biobased product."

The Secretary also said today that USDA is making improvements to its
Biorefinery Assistance Program (Section 9003). The program, which was renamed as
the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program as part of the program's Farm Bill reauthorization, provides
loan guarantees of up to $250 million for the construction and retrofitting of
commercial scale biorefineries and biobased product manufacturing facilities. In
a rule that will be published in the Federal Register next week, biorefineries
that receive funding are allowed to produce more renewable chemicals and other
biobased products, and not primarily advanced biofuels. Also, biobased product
manufacturing facilities would be eligible to convert renewable chemicals and
other biobased outputs of biorefineries into "end-user" products. The new
regulations also implement a streamlined application process.

Created by the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized and expanded as part of the 2014
Farm Bill, the USDA BioPreferred program's purpose is to spur economic
development, create new jobs and provide new markets for farm commodities. The
BioPreferred program commissioned the independent Economic Impact of the
Biobased Product Industry report, which is primarily authored by Dr. Jay Golden,
Director of Duke University's Center for Sustainability & Commerce, and Dr.
Robert Handfield, Professor of Supply Chain Management at North Carolina State
University's Poole College of Management.

The report found that the seven major overarching sectors that represent the
U.S. biobased products industry's contribution to the U.S. economy are:
agriculture and forestry, biorefining, biobased chemicals, enzymes, bioplastic
bottles and packaging, forest products, and textiles.

The study also includes location quotients by state to show the impact of the
industry on individual states. Seven case studies are presented from
stakeholders such as The Coca-Cola Company and PlantBottle packaging, Patagonia,
and Ford.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               19 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Let's Take a Look Back at 2015: Industrial & Environmental

LENGTH: 1072  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following news
release:



 2015 was a year of challenges and accomplishments for the Industrial
Biotechnology Industry. Several issues, especially the Renewable Fuel Standard,
were up for discussion and debate.



 Below are 10 noteworthy Industrial Biotechnology events that happened in 2015,
making it a memorable year for the industry.





     Renewable Fuel Standard - On November 30th, the EPA announced its final
rule setting the level of required volumes of biofuel for 2014, 2015 and 2016,
with an additional 2017 requirement for biodiesel only.Under the rule, U.S. fuel
blenders will be required to mix 16.93 billion gallons of biofuels into fossil
fuels in 2015 and 18.11 billion gallons in 2016, a 4 percent increase from the
amounts in the proposed rule issued in May but less than what Congress intended
when it expanded the RFS program eight years ago. Read more about the news here
in Greenwire's piece "EPA ramps Up Blending Requirements in Final RFS". BIO's
statement expresses disappointment in the ruling, arguing that it undermines the
goals of the statute, and it will continue to undercut investment in advanced
and cellulosic biofuels.

     Tax Extenders - The tax extenders bill made permanent the Research &
Development Tax Credit and extended through 2016 the Second Generation Biofuel
Producer Tax Credit and the Special Depreciation Allowance for Second Generation
Biofuel Plant Property. You can view a section-by-section summary of the bill
here. For more information please see BIO's press release on tax extender
legislation here.

     2014 Farm Bill - In the 2015 final omnibus, two key Farm Bill Energy Title
Programs are short of the full mandatory levels in the 2014 Farm Bill. The
funding levels for these programs in FY16 are capped at $27 million for Section
9003 - The Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program and $3 million for Section 9010 - Biomass Crop Assistance
Program (BCAP). The Section 9003 money is available until expended and will be
available again next year; 9003 should also have a significant amounts of
previous years' funding available.

     DPA Advanced Biofuels Funding - The 2015 final omnibus contained $45
million in funding for the Defense Production Act (DPA) transfer authority that
was provided for in the Senate Committee passed FY16 Energy and Water
Development Appropriations bill. These provisions will continue the advancement
of the public-private effort to develop cost-competitive supplies of advanced
biofuels under the Join Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).

     Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) - The 2015 final omnibus provided a
three-year reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) and
funds the program at $450 million in fiscal 2016, a major boost over the current
level of just over $300 million. Senator Richard Burr (R-NC) had placed a hold
on the Senate version of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) reform legislation,
S. 697, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act until
LWCF had been funded and reauthorized. As a result, Senator Burr will lift his
hold on TSCA, clearing a way for the Senate to take up S. 697. Read more here in
Plastic News.

     U.S. Becomes Home to World's Largest Cellulosic Ethanol Plant - On October
30th, DuPont Industrial Biosciences opened the world's largest cellulosic
ethanol plant in central Iowa. The facility is capable of producing 30 million
gallons of ethanol a year out of the residues left on surrounding farm fields
after the corn harvest. It is the third large-scale cellulosic ethanol plant to
open in the Midwest. Read more about the facility here.

     Coca-Cola Produces World's First 100% Plant-Based PET Bottle - Coca-Cola
has produced the world's first PET plastic bottle made entirely from plant
materials. PlantBottle packaging is Coke's plant-based alternative to packaging
traditionally made from fossil fuels and other non-renewable materials. Read
more about it inEnvironmental Leader.

     COP21 - In December, 196 countries adopted an "ambitious" climate change
agreement at COP21 in Paris that calls for countries to limit the collective
greenhouse gas emissions increases to 1.5 degrees Celsius.The agreement will be
open for signing by the countries on 22 April in New York. The agreement can
only enter into force once it has been ratified by 55 countries, representing at
least 55% of emissions. Representatives from the biofuels industry were active
in the discussions and held a robust side event. The European ethanol trade
group, ePURE, argued during the discussions that rollout of 10% ethanol blends
throughout the European Union would help the region meet collective climate
change reduction targets. Read more on the COP21 climate change agreement
here:http://www.cop21.gouv.fr/en/more-details-about-the-agreement/

     Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge - Every year since 1996, the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) honors companies which use innovative
efforts to tackle climate change with their Presidential Green Chemistry
Challenge. This year two of the award recipients were industrial biotechnology
companies - LanzaTech Inc. and Renmatix - both of which are also members of BIO.
Read BIO's blog on this year's winners and their technology here.

     Clinton Foundation's "Ideas Matter Essay Contest" - Each year the Bill,
Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation holds its "Ideas Matter Essay Contest,"
which is a scholarship competition for Arkansas high school students. Students
are asked to submit an idea and a plan for how they would turn it into action to
address one of these challenges- (1) improving global health, (2) increasing
opportunities for women and girls, (3) reducing childhood obesity and
preventable diseases, (4) creating economic opportunity and growth, and (5)
helping communities address the effects of climate change. Among the winners was
Taryn Imamura, from Conway, Arkansas, whoseidea was to use industrial
biotechnology to transform agricultural waste into a clean, "green" chemical
product. Read BIO's blog here to learn more about the awards and Taryn's essay.



   2015 was a big year for industrial biotech. BIO is excited to see what is in
store for 2016!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.comaaa

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               20 of 23 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Let's Take a Look Back at 2015: Industrial & Environmental

LENGTH: 1072  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following news
release:



 2015 was a year of challenges and accomplishments for the Industrial
Biotechnology Industry. Several issues, especially the Renewable Fuel Standard,
were up for discussion and debate.



 Below are 10 noteworthy Industrial Biotechnology events that happened in 2015,
making it a memorable year for the industry.





     Renewable Fuel Standard - On November 30th, the EPA announced its final
rule setting the level of required volumes of biofuel for 2014, 2015 and 2016,
with an additional 2017 requirement for biodiesel only.Under the rule, U.S. fuel
blenders will be required to mix 16.93 billion gallons of biofuels into fossil
fuels in 2015 and 18.11 billion gallons in 2016, a 4 percent increase from the
amounts in the proposed rule issued in May but less than what Congress intended
when it expanded the RFS program eight years ago. Read more about the news here
in Greenwire's piece "EPA ramps Up Blending Requirements in Final RFS". BIO's
statement expresses disappointment in the ruling, arguing that it undermines the
goals of the statute, and it will continue to undercut investment in advanced
and cellulosic biofuels.

     Tax Extenders - The tax extenders bill made permanent the Research &
Development Tax Credit and extended through 2016 the Second Generation Biofuel
Producer Tax Credit and the Special Depreciation Allowance for Second Generation
Biofuel Plant Property. You can view a section-by-section summary of the bill
here. For more information please see BIO's press release on tax extender
legislation here.

     2014 Farm Bill - In the 2015 final omnibus, two key Farm Bill Energy Title
Programs are short of the full mandatory levels in the 2014 Farm Bill. The
funding levels for these programs in FY16 are capped at $27 million for Section
9003 - The Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing
Assistance Program and $3 million for Section 9010 - Biomass Crop Assistance
Program (BCAP). The Section 9003 money is available until expended and will be
available again next year; 9003 should also have a significant amounts of
previous years' funding available.

     DPA Advanced Biofuels Funding - The 2015 final omnibus contained $45
million in funding for the Defense Production Act (DPA) transfer authority that
was provided for in the Senate Committee passed FY16 Energy and Water
Development Appropriations bill. These provisions will continue the advancement
of the public-private effort to develop cost-competitive supplies of advanced
biofuels under the Join Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).

     Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) - The 2015 final omnibus provided a
three-year reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) and
funds the program at $450 million in fiscal 2016, a major boost over the current
level of just over $300 million. Senator Richard Burr (R-NC) had placed a hold
on the Senate version of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) reform legislation,
S. 697, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act until
LWCF had been funded and reauthorized. As a result, Senator Burr will lift his
hold on TSCA, clearing a way for the Senate to take up S. 697. Read more here in
Plastic News.

     U.S. Becomes Home to World's Largest Cellulosic Ethanol Plant - On October
30th, DuPont Industrial Biosciences opened the world's largest cellulosic
ethanol plant in central Iowa. The facility is capable of producing 30 million
gallons of ethanol a year out of the residues left on surrounding farm fields
after the corn harvest. It is the third large-scale cellulosic ethanol plant to
open in the Midwest. Read more about the facility here.

     Coca-Cola Produces World's First 100% Plant-Based PET Bottle - Coca-Cola
has produced the world's first PET plastic bottle made entirely from plant
materials. PlantBottle packaging is Coke's plant-based alternative to packaging
traditionally made from fossil fuels and other non-renewable materials. Read
more about it inEnvironmental Leader.

     COP21 - In December, 196 countries adopted an "ambitious" climate change
agreement at COP21 in Paris that calls for countries to limit the collective
greenhouse gas emissions increases to 1.5 degrees Celsius.The agreement will be
open for signing by the countries on 22 April in New York. The agreement can
only enter into force once it has been ratified by 55 countries, representing at
least 55% of emissions. Representatives from the biofuels industry were active
in the discussions and held a robust side event. The European ethanol trade
group, ePURE, argued during the discussions that rollout of 10% ethanol blends
throughout the European Union would help the region meet collective climate
change reduction targets. Read more on the COP21 climate change agreement
here:http://www.cop21.gouv.fr/en/more-details-about-the-agreement/

     Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge - Every year since 1996, the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) honors companies which use innovative
efforts to tackle climate change with their Presidential Green Chemistry
Challenge. This year two of the award recipients were industrial biotechnology
companies - LanzaTech Inc. and Renmatix - both of which are also members of BIO.
Read BIO's blog on this year's winners and their technology here.

     Clinton Foundation's "Ideas Matter Essay Contest" - Each year the Bill,
Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation holds its "Ideas Matter Essay Contest,"
which is a scholarship competition for Arkansas high school students. Students
are asked to submit an idea and a plan for how they would turn it into action to
address one of these challenges- (1) improving global health, (2) increasing
opportunities for women and girls, (3) reducing childhood obesity and
preventable diseases, (4) creating economic opportunity and growth, and (5)
helping communities address the effects of climate change. Among the winners was
Taryn Imamura, from Conway, Arkansas, whoseidea was to use industrial
biotechnology to transform agricultural waste into a clean, "green" chemical
product. Read BIO's blog here to learn more about the awards and Taryn's essay.



   2015 was a big year for industrial biotech. BIO is excited to see what is in
store for 2016!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.comaaa

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               21 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       June 18, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

House Appropriators Shortchange Rural America on Jobs, Economic Growth, AgEC
Says

LENGTH: 438  words


June 18 -- The House Appropriations Committee's Fiscal Year 2016 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill would reduce mandatory spending levels for important Energy
Title programs, including the Renewable Energy for America Program, Biomass Crop
Assistance Program, and the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program (Section 9003). The Agriculture Energy
Coalition (AgEC) today vowed to fight the changes in mandatory spending.

Lloyd Ritter, co-director of the AgEC, said, "The renewable energy and energy
efficiency programs in the Farm Bill help rural America create new manufacturing
opportunities and stable, well-paying jobs. A new report to Congress, released
just yesterday, demonstrates the broad economic impact of innovative biobased
technology. The biobased products industry contributes $369 billion annually to
the U.S. economy and employs more than four million Americans. The more than
40,000 biobased products already on the market displace about 300 million
gallons of petroleum per year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off
the road. Countless wind, solar, biomass and other projects are making a major
impact as well.

"Nevertheless, the House Appropriations Committee is seeking to roll back the
mandatory funding levels Congress agreed to last year when passing the
bi-partisan Farm Bill. For Fiscal Year 2016, the House bill proposes cutting
millions from the Section 9003 program, the Biomass Crop Assistance Program, and
the Renewable Energy for America Program. Such reductions in the mandatory
funding levels that Congress previously set will undermine the ongoing
effectiveness of these programs. The Agriculture Energy Coalition, comprising
renewable energy, energy efficiency and agricultural groups, will continue to
fight to ensure that these programs are implemented successfully."

The AgEC is a broad membership-based consortium of organizations and companies
representing a broad spectrum of clean, renewable energy, energy efficiency and
bioproducts stakeholders. It includes members focused on feedstock production
and conversion technologies, rural economic development and diversification,
biofuels, products and power, and renewable electricity production,
environmental quality, and others. Coalition members are committed to seeing a
properly implemented and fully funded energy title in the bi-partisan 2014 farm
bill that builds on the tremendous clean energy accomplishments USDA has already
realized and provides resources to USDA at a level that enables them to continue
and expand this important mission.

Source: Agriculture Energy Coalition

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               22 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      June 24, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Farm Bill Energy Program Rules will Help Support New Renewable Chemical
Manufacturers, BIO Says

LENGTH: 340  words


June 24 -- The Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) today applauded the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's release of new interim final rules for the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program ("9003 Program"). The 9003 Program provides loan guarantees to
biorefineries, which promote U.S. energy independence, rural job creation and
new markets for agriculture.

Brent Erickson, executive vice president of BIO's Industrial & Environmental
Section, stated:

"BIO worked with Senator Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), other Members of Congress
and the USDA to improve how the 9003 loan guarantee program works for renewable
chemical producers and biobased product manufacturers. If implemented properly,
the program will provide greater access to capital and equity for biorefineries
that primarily produce renewable chemicals and biobased products - which are
made from biomass instead of petroleum. Enabling emerging industrial
biotechnology companies that produce renewable chemicals to qualify for USDA
loan guarantees will promote investment in innovative biotechnology sector going
forward. With growth of renewable chemical and biobased product manufacturing,
the United States can maintain its leadership in clean energy and manufacturing,
create thousands of high quality U.S. jobs, and reduce dependence on foreign
petroleum.

"As USDA's new study of the economic impact of biobased product manufacturing
demonstrates, biobased products are capable of generating new economic
opportunities, reducing U.S. reliance on foreign oil, and improving the nation's
environmental health. Biobased products already contribute $369 billion to the
U.S. economy each year. The sector directly employs 1.5 million Americans, and
creates additional employment opportunities for 2.5 million. The 40,000 biobased
products that are currently on the market displace about 300 million gallons of
petroleum per year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off the road."

Source: Biotechnology Industry Organization

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               23 of 23 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      June 24, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Ag Energy Coalition Welcomes Proposed Rules for Farm Bill Energy Programs

LENGTH: 329  words


June 24 -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture today proposed rules broadening
the impact of the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program ("9003 Program") and the BioPreferred Program.
Biorefineries that primarily produce renewable chemicals will now be eligible
for loan guarantees under the 9003 program.

Lloyd Ritter, co-director of the AgEC, said, "The renewable energy and energy
efficiency programs in the Farm Bill help rural America create new manufacturing
opportunities and stable, well-paying jobs. The 9003 program is a vital tool
that provides access to capital and loans for underserved agricultural
communities to produce cutting edge fuels and products. Expanding eligibility
for loan guarantees under this program will help finance new renewable chemical
biorefineries that grow the biobased economy, and build new markets for
America's growers.

"The biobased products industry contributes $369 billion annually to the U.S.
economy and employs more than four million Americans. Together, the use of these
40,000 biobased products displaces about 300 million gallons of petroleum per
year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off the road."

The AgEC is a broad membership-based consortium of organizations and companies
representing a broad spectrum of clean, renewable energy, energy efficiency and
bioproducts stakeholders. It includes members focused on feedstock production
and conversion technologies, rural economic development and diversification,
biofuels, products and power, and renewable electricity production,
environmental quality, and others. Coalition members are committed to seeing a
properly implemented and fully funded energy title in the bi-partisan 2014 farm
bill that builds on the tremendous clean energy accomplishments USDA has already
realized and provides resources to USDA at a level that enables them to continue
and expand this important mission.

Source: Agriculture Energy Coalition

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved
